--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 21 NOVEMBER 2024 
 
 
 
NATIXIS 
(a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated in France) 
as Issuer and Guarantor 
and 
NATIXIS STRUCTURED ISSUANCE SA 
(a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg (“Luxembourg”))  
as Issuer 
Warrant Programme 
Under the terms of this warrant programme (the “Programme”), Natixis Structured Issuance SA (“Natixis Structured 
Issuance”) and NATIXIS (each an “Issuer” and together the “Issuers”) may from time to time issue warrants 
(“Warrants”) of any kind, including, but not limited to, Warrants relating to a specified index or a basket of indices (“Index 
Warrants”), a specified share or a basket of shares (“Share Warrants”), a specified currency (“Currency Warrants”), 
a specified commodity or a basket of commodities (“Commodity Warrants”), any specified credit events in relation to 
certain specified entities (“Credit Linked Warrants”), a specified fund or a basket of funds (“Fund Warrants”), and a 
specified interest rate or a basket of interest rates (“Rate Warrants”) (each such asset or other basis of reference, an 
“Underlying”). The Issuers may also from time to time issue Warrants linked to a basket containing a combination of 
assets comprising Underlyings (“Hybrid Warrants”). Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, the Warrants may have no exercise date and no fixed settlement date (“Open-ended Warrants”). An application 
will be made for the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for 
Warrants issued under the Programme to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Each issue of Warrants will be issued on the terms 
set out herein which are relevant to such Warrants under “TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS” 
(the “Conditions”) completed, but only for the purposes of such issue, by the provisions of the relevant final terms (the 
“Final Terms”) which, with respect to Warrants which are to be listed on a stock exchange, will be delivered to such stock 
exchange and/or other relevant authority on or prior to the date of listing of such Warrants and, in the case of Warrants to 
be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or its Euro MTF market (or, in each case, the professional segment for qualified investors 
thereof), filed with the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of issue of such Warrants. The regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated markets for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on Markets in 
Financial Instruments, as amended (“MiFID II”) (a “Regulated Market”).The Issuers are entitled to issue further Warrants 
pursuant to Condition 12 (Further Issues) of the Conditions, which will be fungible with existing Warrants of the relevant 
series of Warrants.  
Natixis Structured Issuance is a wholly-owned subsidiary of NATIXIS. Natixis Structured Issuance has the benefit of a 
guarantee undertaking given by NATIXIS (in such capacity, the “Guarantor”) to Natixis Structured Issuance (the 
“NATIXIS Guarantee” as described in “DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUERS – 2. Description of Natixis Structured 
Issuance – (i) NATIXIS Guarantee”). Issues of Warrants by Natixis Structured Issuance under the Programme will have 
the benefit of the NATIXIS Guarantee. 
The form of the Final Terms is set out herein and will specify with respect to the issue of Warrants to which it relates, inter 
alia, the Issuer, the specific designation of the Warrants, the aggregate number and type of the Warrants, the date of issue 
of the Warrants, the issue price, the exercise price, the Underlying to which the Warrants relate, the exercise period or date, 
whether automatic exercise applies to the Warrants and certain other terms relating to the offering and sale of the Warrants. 
The Final Terms relating to an issue of Warrants will be attached to, or endorsed upon, the Global Warrant (as defined 
below) representing such Warrants. The Final Terms complete the Conditions and a supplement or supplements to the Base 
Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the terms of such Warrants.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Each issue of Warrants will entitle the holder thereof (on due exercise and subject to certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership) either to receive a cash amount (if any) calculated in accordance with the relevant terms or to receive physical 
delivery of the Underlying against payment of a specified sum, all as set forth in the Conditions and in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Prospective purchasers of Warrants should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant Warrants and 
the extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of the relevant Warrants as an investment 
in the light of their own circumstances and financial condition. Warrants involve a high degree of risk, including 
the risk of their expiring worthless. Potential investors should be prepared to sustain a total loss of the purchase 
price of their Warrants. See “RISK FACTORS” section herein. 
This Base Prospectus (together with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference and supplements to this 
Base Prospectus from time to time) constitutes a “base prospectus” for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by 
the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”), as competent authority under the Luxembourg Law 
of 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (loi relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières), as amended (the 
“Luxembourg Prospectus Law”). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should 
not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or of the quality of the Warrants. By approving this Base Prospectus, in 
accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 6 (4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law, the CSSF 
gives no undertaking as to the economic or financial soundness of the operations or the quality and solvency of any of the 
Issuers or the Guarantor. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Warrants. 
An application will be made for the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange for Warrants issued under the Programme to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
Warrants of a particular series of Warrants may be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or the Euro MTF market (or, in each case, 
the professional segment for qualified investors thereof), or on such other or additional Regulated Market or other stock 
exchange(s) as agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to such series of Warrants. Warrants 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. The applicable Final Terms for each 
issue will state whether or not the relevant Warrants are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchange(s) and/or market(s).  
This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve (12) months from its date of approval, which is 21 November 2024. This 
Base Prospectus will expire on 21 November 2025. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event 
of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no 
longer valid. 
The Programme provides that Warrants may be listed and/or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or 
further stock exchange(s) as the relevant Issuer may decide. The Issuers may also issue unlisted Warrants and/or Warrants 
not admitted to trading on any market. 
Materialised warrants (“Materialised Warrants”) will be represented by a global warrant (each a “Global Warrant”) 
which will be issued and deposited with a common depositary on behalf of Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”) 
and Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) on the date of issue of the relevant Warrants. No Materialised Warrants in 
definitive form will be issued. Dematerialised warrants (“Dematerialised Warrants”) will be issued in registered, 
dematerialised and uncertified book-entry form. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised 
Warrants. 
Swiss intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) (“Intermediated Securities”) in accordance with article 3 para. 1 of the 
Swiss Federal Act on Intermediated Securities of 3 October 2008, as amended (“FISA”) may be created under this 
Programme. For this purpose, Dematerialised Warrants will be registered with SIX SIS AG, Baslerstrasse 100, 4600 Olten, 
Switzerland (“SIS”) based on an agreement concluded between SIS and the Swiss issuing and paying agent (“Swiss Issuing 
and Paying Agent”). Pursuant to Condition 13 (subject as otherwise provided in the Conditions) such Dematerialised 
Warrants and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such Dematerialised Warrants will be 
governed and shall be construed in accordance with English law. Once registered in SIS’s main register and entered into 
the securities accounts of one or more participants of the clearing system, such Dematerialised Warrants will constitute 
Intermediated Securities.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term senior unsecured debt of NATIXIS is rated A1 (stable) by Moody’s 
France SAS (“Moody’s”)1, A+ (stable) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”)2 and A+ (stable) by Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited (“Fitch”)3. Each of Moody’s, S&P and Fitch is established in the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) and is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the European Securities and Markets Authority’s website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) as of the date of this Base Prospectus. A security 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency. The rating of certain series of Warrants to be issued under the Programme may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to relevant series of 
Warrants will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation, and if so, whether the rating agency is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on 
its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Arranger 
NATIXIS 
 
 
1 Obligations rated “A” by Moody’s are considered upper-medium-grade and are subject to low credit risk. 
2 Obligations rated “A” by S&P are more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than 
obligations in higher-rated categories. However, the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is still 
strong. 
3 Obligations rated “A” by Fitch denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is 
considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case 
for higher ratings.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT ABOUT THE CONTENTS OF THIS DOCUMENT YOU SHOULD 
CONSULT YOUR STOCKBROKER, BANK MANAGER, LEGAL ADVISER, ACCOUNTANT OR OTHER 
FINANCIAL ADVISER. 
No person is authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent 
with this document or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuers or any 
manager of an issue of Warrants (as applicable to such issue of Warrants, each a “Manager”). 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement hereto, with any Final 
Terms and with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see “DOCUMENTS 
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE” section). Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated by reference (see “DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE” section), the information 
on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF or the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
The Warrants, the Guarantee and any securities to be issued or delivered on the exercise or settlement of the 
Warrants have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any state of the United States. The Warrants and the Guarantee 
are being sold only outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in accordance with Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. Accordingly, the Warrants may not be exercised and the Warrants, the Guarantee and any 
securities to be issued or delivered on exercise or settlement of the Warrants may not be offered or sold to any 
person in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S 
under the Securities Act). Furthermore, trading in the Warrants has not been approved by the United States 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission and neither the Guarantor nor any of the Issuers has been or will be 
registered as a commodity pool operator under the rules promulgated under the United States Commodity 
Exchange Act of 1936, as amended, and no U.S. person may at any time trade or maintain a position in the 
Warrants. 
Neither Issuer has registered nor intends to register as an “investment company” under the United States 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
The Warrants create options which are either exercisable by the relevant holder or which will be automatically 
exercised as provided herein and in the relevant Final Terms. There is no obligation on the relevant Issuer to 
pay any amount or deliver any asset to any holder of a Warrant unless the relevant holder duly exercises such 
Warrant or such Warrants are automatically exercised and an Exercise Notice is duly delivered and any other 
conditions set out herein or in the relevant Final Terms are satisfied. The Warrants will be exercisable in the 
manner set forth herein and in the applicable Final Terms. Upon exercise (including upon automatic exercice), 
the holder of a Warrant will be required to certify (in accordance with the provisions outlined in “Offering and 
Sale” below) that it is not a U.S. person or exercising such Warrant on behalf of a U.S. person. Warrants may 
be issued to one or more Managers on a syndicated basis. 
The Warrants of each issue may be sold by the relevant Issuer and/or any Manager at such time and at such 
prices as the relevant Issuer and/or the Manager(s) may decide. There is no obligation upon the relevant Issuer 
or any Manager to sell all of the Warrants of any issue or at the same time. The Warrants of any issue may be 
offered or sold from time to time in one or more transactions in the over-the-counter market or otherwise at 
prevailing market prices or in negotiated transactions, at the discretion of the relevant Issuer. 
The relevant Issuer shall have complete discretion as to what type of Warrants it issues and when. 
The Warrants may be settled by Physical Delivery (as defined in the Conditions). The underlying entities (the 
securities of which may be delivered) are neither the Issuers nor the Guarantor nor an entity belonging to the 
Issuers’ or the Guarantor’s group. 
No Manager has separately verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty 
or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by any Manager as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the 
relevant Issuer. No Manager accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuers in connection with the 
Programme. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme (i) is 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a recommendation 
by the relevant Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor or any Manager that any recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme should purchase any Warrants. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Warrants should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuers or (if applicable) the 
Guarantor. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
constitutes an offer or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuers, (if applicable) the Guarantor or any Manager 
or any other person to subscribe for or to purchase any Warrants. 
If any commissions or fees relating to the issue and sale of these Warrants have been paid or are payable by 
the Manager to an intermediary, then such intermediary may be obliged to fully disclose to its clients the 
existence, nature and amount of any such commissions or fees (including, if applicable, by way of discount) as 
required in accordance with laws and regulations applicable to such intermediary, including any legislation, 
regulation and/or rule implementing MiFID II, or as otherwise may apply in any non-EEA jurisdictions. 
Potential investors in any Warrants intending to purchase such Warrants through an intermediary (including 
by way of introducing broker) should request details of any such commission or fee payment from such 
intermediary before making any purchase hereof. 
Neither delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Warrants shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuers or (if applicable) the 
Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. No Manager undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuers or (if 
applicable) the Guarantor during the life of the Programme. Investors should review, inter alia, the most 
recently published audited financial statements of NATIXIS when deciding whether or not to purchase any 
Warrants. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 on insurance distribution, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Warrants 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.  
IMPORTANT –UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, the “UK PRIIPs

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Warrants will include a 
legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Warrants and which channels for distribution of the Warrants are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Warrants (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Warrants (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any manager 
appointed under the Programme from time to time (each a “Manager” and together the “Managers”) 
subscribing for any Warrants is a manufacturer in respect of such Warrants, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Managers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Warrants may include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Warrants and which channels for distribution of the Warrants are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Warrants (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Warrants (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any manager appointed under the Programme from time to time (each a “Manager” and 
together the “Managers”) subscribing for any Warrants is a manufacturer in respect of such Warrants, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Managers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Notification under Section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) – Unless 
otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Warrant, the Issuers have determined, and hereby notify 
all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Warrants to be issued under the 
Programme shall be “capital markets products” other than “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined 
in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Specified 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).  
Notice to capital market intermediaries and prospective investors pursuant to paragraph 21 of the SFC Code 
— Important Notice to Prospective Investors - Prospective investors should be aware that certain 
intermediaries in the context of certain offerings of Warrants pursuant to this Programme, each such offering, 
a CMI Offering, including certain Dealers, may be “capital market intermediaries” (“CMIs”) subject to 
Paragraph 21 of the Code of Conduct for Persons Licensed by or Registered with the Securities and Futures 
Commission (the “SFC Code”). This notice to prospective investors is a summary of certain obligations the 
SFC Code imposes on such CMIs, which require the attention and cooperation of prospective investors. Certain 
CMIs may also be acting as “overall coordinators” (“OCs”) for a CMI Offering and are subject to additional 
requirements under the SFC Code. The application of these obligations will depend on the role(s) undertaken 
by the relevant Dealer(s) in respect of each CMI Offering. 
 
Prospective investors who are the directors, employees or major shareholders of the relevant Issuer, (if 
applicable) the Guarantor, a CMI or its group companies would be considered under the SFC Code as having 
an association (“Association”) with the relevant Issuers, (if applicable) the Guarantor, the CMI or the relevant 
group company. Prospective investors associated with the relevant Issuers, (if applicable) the Guarantor or any 
CMI (including its group companies) should specifically disclose this when placing an order for the relevant

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Warrants and should disclose, at the same time, if such orders may negatively impact the price discovery process 
in relation to the relevant CMI Offering. Prospective investors who do not disclose their Associations are hereby 
deemed not to be so associated. Where prospective investors disclose their Associations but do not disclose that 
such order may negatively impact the price discovery process in relation to the relevant CMI Offering, such 
order is hereby deemed not to negatively impact the price discovery process in relation to the relevant CMI 
Offering. 
 
Prospective investors should ensure, and by placing an order prospective investors are deemed to confirm, that 
orders placed are bona fide, are not inflated and do not constitute duplicated orders (i.e. two or more 
corresponding or identical orders placed via two or more CMIs). A rebate may be offered by the relevant Issuer 
to all private banks for orders they place (other than in relation to Warrants subscribed by such private banks 
as principal whereby it is deploying its own balance sheet for onward selling to investors), payable upon closing 
of the relevant CMI Offering based on the principal amount of the Warrants distributed by such private banks 
to investors. Private banks are deemed to be placing an order on a principal basis unless they inform the CMIs 
otherwise. As a result, private banks placing an order on a principal basis (including those deemed as placing 
an order as principal) will not be entitled to, and will not be paid, the rebate. Details of any such rebate will be 
set out in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise notified to prospective investors. If a prospective investor is 
an asset management arm affiliated with any relevant Dealer, such prospective investor should indicate when 
placing an order if it is for a fund or portfolio where the relevant Dealer or its group company has more than 
50% interest, in which case it will be classified as a “proprietary order” and subject to appropriate handling 
by CMIs in accordance with the SFC Code and should disclose, at the same time, if such “proprietary order” 
may negatively impact the price discovery process in relation to the relevant CMI Offering. Prospective 
investors who do not indicate this information when placing an order are hereby deemed to confirm that their 
order is not a “proprietary order”. If a prospective investor is otherwise affiliated with any relevant Dealer, 
such that its order may be considered to be a “proprietary order” (pursuant to the SFC Code), such prospective 
investor should indicate to the relevant Dealer when placing such order. Prospective investors who do not 
indicate this information when placing an order are hereby deemed to confirm that their order is not a 
“proprietary order”. Where prospective investors disclose such information but do not disclose that such 
“proprietary order” may negatively impact the price discovery process in relation to the relevant CMI Offering, 
such “proprietary order” is hereby deemed not to negatively impact the price discovery process in relation to 
the relevant CMI Offering. 
 
Prospective investors should be aware that certain information may be disclosed by CMIs (including private 
banks) which is personal and/or confidential in nature to the prospective investor. By placing an order, 
prospective investors are deemed to have understood and consented to the collection, disclosure, use and 
transfer of such information by the relevant Dealers and/or any other third parties as may be required by the 
SFC Code, including to the relevant Issuers, (if applicable) the Guarantor, any OCs, relevant regulators and/or 
any other third parties as may be required by the SFC Code, it being understood and agreed that such 
information shall only be used for the purpose of complying with the SFC Code, during the bookbuilding process 
for the relevant CMI Offering. Failure to provide such information may result in that order being rejected.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
To the best of NATIXIS’ knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus for each Tranche of 
Warrants issued under the Programme is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect 
its import and NATIXIS accepts responsibility accordingly. 
NATIXIS 
7, Promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
To the best of Natixis Structured Issuance’s knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus for 
each Tranche of Warrants issued by Natixis Structured Issuance under the Programme is in accordance with the 
facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import and Natixis Structured Issuance accepts responsibility 
accordingly. 
NATIXIS STRUCTURED ISSUANCE SA 
51, avenue JF Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to NATIXIS has been 
derived from the audited annual consolidated financial statements of NATIXIS and the unaudited semi-annual 
consolidated financial statements of NATIXIS (together, the “NATIXIS Financial Statements”). 
NATIXIS’ financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific year are 
to the twelve-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The NATIXIS Financial Statements have been 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board. 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to Natixis Structured 
Issuance has been derived from the audited financial statements of Natixis Structured Issuance and the unaudited 
interim financial statements of Natixis Structured Issuance (together, the “NSI Financial Statements”). 
Natixis Structured Issuance’s financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any 
specific year are to the twelve-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The NSI Financial Statements 
have been prepared in accordance with the international accounting standards (“IFRS”). 
In this Base Prospectus, references to: 
• 
“USD” and “US dollar” are to the lawful currency for the time being of the United States of America; 
• 
“euro” and “EUR” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS 
The Warrants may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Terms used but not defined herein have the meaning ascribed to them in the Conditions. Each potential investor 
in the Warrants must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, 
each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Warrants, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Warrants and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement and all information contained in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Warrants and the impact the Warrants will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Warrants, 
including, but not limited to, (i) Warrants with Cash Settlement Amount payable in one or more 
currencies or where the Settlement Currency is different from the potential investor’s currency and (ii) 
Physical Delivery Warrants in respect of payment of the Exercise Price multiplied by the Parity (if any); 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Warrants and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets and Underlyings; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
AN INVESTMENT IN THE WARRANTS IS ONLY SUITABLE FOR FINANCIALLY SOPHISTICATED 
INVESTORS WHO ARE CAPABLE OF EVALUATING THE MERITS AND RISKS OF SUCH 
INVESTMENT AND WHO HAVE SUFFICIENT RESOURCES TO BE ABLE TO BEAR ANY LOSSES 
WHICH MAY RESULT FROM SUCH INVESTMENT. 
In addition, an investment in Share Warrants, Index Warrants, Commodity Warrants, Fund Warrants, Rate 
Warrants, Currency Warrants, Hybrid Warrants, Credit Linked Warrants or Warrants linked to other 
Underlyings may entail significant risks not associated with investments in conventional securities such as debt 
or equity securities including, but not limited to, the risks set out in “Risk Factors” below. 
Warrants are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a 
way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, and appropriate addition of risk to their 
overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Warrants unless it has the expertise (either alone or 
with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Warrants will perform under changing conditions, the resulting 
effects on the value of the Warrants and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall 
investment portfolio. 
Investors should consult NATIXIS should they require a copy of the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
Conflicts of interest – the Issuers and their affiliates 
NATIXIS, Natixis Structured Issuance and/or any of their respective affiliates may, in connection with their 
respective additional business activities, undertake activities in relation to the Underlyings or possess or acquire 
material information about the Underlyings. Such activities and information may have consequences which are 
adverse to Warrantholders. Such actions and conflicts may include, without limitation: engaging in transactions 
relating to the Warrants or their Underlyings, which may have a negative effect on the value of the Underlying; 
on the open market or by non-public transaction purchase or sell Warrants without being obliged to inform the 
Warrantholders about any such purchase or sale; exercising certain functions with regard to the Warrants, e.g. 
as calculation or paying agent; issuing further derivative instruments which may be competing with the 
Warrants; receiving non-public information in relation to an Underlying of the Warrants or the issuer of such 
Underlying where neither NATIXIS, Natixis Structured Issuance nor any of their respective affiliates is required

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
to inform the Warrantholders of such information; and hedging transactions or other transactions in the relevant 
Underlying of the Warrants and/or the issuer of such Underlying by NATIXIS, Natixis Structured Issuance or 
any of their respective affiliates. Natixis Structured Issuance and any of its affiliates have no obligation to 
disclose such information about the Underlyings or the companies to which they relate. Natixis Structured 
Issuance and any of its affiliates and their officers and directors may engage in any such activities without regard 
to the Warrants or the effect that such activities may directly or indirectly have on any Warrant. 
In addition, the relevant Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor or any of their respective affiliates may engage in 
trading or hedging transactions involving the Warrants, any Underlying, or other derivative products that may 
affect the value of the Warrants. 
The above situations may result in consequences which may be adverse to your investment. Neither the relevant 
Issuer, nor (if applicable) the Guarantor, nor any of their respective affiliates assumes any responsibility 
whatsoever for such consequences and their impact on your investment. 
Since the Calculation Agent in respect of the Warrants may be NATIXIS, or an affiliate of any Issuer, potential 
conflicts of interest may exist between the relevant Issuer and/or, (if applicable) the Guarantor and the 
Calculation Agent and the Warrantholders, including with respect to certain determinations and judgements that 
the Calculation Agent must make. 
In addition to providing calculation agency services to any Issuer, NATIXIS or any of its affiliates may perform 
further or alternative roles relating to any Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and any Warrant including, but 
not limited to, being involved in arrangements relating to any Underlying (for example as calculation agent). 
Further, any affiliates of NATIXIS may contract with any Issuer, or (if applicable) the Guarantor and/or enter 
into transactions, including hedging transactions, which relate to such Issuer, the Warrants or any Underlying 
and as a result NATIXIS may face a potential conflict of interest between its obligations as Calculation Agent 
and its and/or its affiliates’ interests in other capacities. 
The activities described in this section are subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations (including 
under Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 as amended). 
Conflicts of interest – Managers 
Certain of the Managers and/or their affiliates may have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuers, the Guarantor 
and/or their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their 
business activities, the Managers and/or their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and 
actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including 
bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of any Issuer, the Guarantor or their respective affiliates. In 
addition, certain of the Managers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with NATIXIS or Natixis 
Structured Issuance routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers and/or the Guarantor consistent with 
their customary risk management policies. Any of the above situations may result in consequences which may 
be adverse to any investment made by any investor in the Warrants. Neither the relevant Issuer, (if applicable) 
the Guarantor nor any of their respective affiliates assumes any responsibility whatsoever for such consequences 
and their impact on any such investment. 
Taxation 
Prospective investors and sellers of the Warrants should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Warrants are 
acquired and/or transferred or other jurisdictions; including the Issuer’s or (if applicable) the Guarantor’s 
jurisdiction of incorporation, which may have an impact on the income received from the Warrants. Potential 
investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser’s advice on their individual taxation with respect to the 
acquisition, holding, sale and redemption of the Warrants. Only these advisors are in a position to duly consider 
the specific situation of the prospective investor.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
Enforcement and recognition of judgements issued by the courts of the United Kingdom 
As a result of leaving the European Union, the United Kingdom is no longer bound by the provisions of 
Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 (the “Brussels Recast”), a formal reciprocal regime between European Union 
member states on the allocation of jurisdiction and the mutual recognition and enforcement of European Union 
member state judgments. Nor is it a member of another convention on the allocation of jurisdiction and the 
mutual enforcement of judgments, the Lugano Convention 2007 (the “Lugano Convention”). The European 
Union, Switzerland, Iceland and Norway are members of the Lugano Convention. As a result, the Brussels and 
Lugano regimes are no longer applied by English courts, save in relation to legacy cases. As a further 
consequence, English judgments are no longer recognised and enforced in the courts of Member States/Norway, 
Iceland and Switzerland under these regimes, again, save for legacy cases. Norway has put in place 
arrangements with the United Kingdom for the reciprocal enforcement of judgments. 
On 1 January 2021 the United Kingdom re-joined the Hague Convention on Choice of Court Agreements 2005 
(“Hague 2005”). The United Kingdom was previously a party to this convention by virtue of the European 
Union being a contracting state. Hague 2005 is an international convention on the jurisdiction and the reciprocal 
enforcement of contracting state judgments. Hague 2005 requires contracting states to respect exclusive 
jurisdiction clauses in favour of other contracting state courts and to enforce resulting judgments. The United 
Kingdom, European Union, Denmark, Mexico, Montenegro, Singapore and Ukraine are contracting states. 
Under Hague 2005, English judgments issued by an English court pursuant to an exclusive jurisdiction clause 
entered into after 1 January 2021 can be recognised and enforced in European Union member states (and 
Mexico, Montenegro, Singapore and Ukraine), subject to the conditions and exceptions provided in Hague 2005. 
It is generally considered that Hague 2005 only covers jurisdiction clauses (and their resulting judgments) that 
are exclusive and that do not provide any option to any party to pursue claims in any alternative forum. 
In 2022 the European Union ratified the 2019 Hague Convention on Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments 
(“Hague 2019”), which allows for the recognition and enforcement of judgments given by courts in contracting 
states (the “state of origin”) in other contracting states, subject to the conditions and exceptions provided in 
Hague 2019. In June 2024, the United Kingdom ratified Hague 2019. Hague 2019 will provide a further 
mechanism for the enforcement of a wide range of English judgments in the European Union (other than 
Denmark) and in other contracting states from 1 July 2025, when it enters into force in the United Kingdom. 
Currently, Hague 2019 applies only in the European Union (other than Denmark), Ukraine and Uruguay. 
Although there are subject matter exclusions, Hague 2019 covers a wider range of judgments than Hague 2005 
and could cover judgments issued pursuant to non-exclusive jurisdiction clauses. 
Hague 2019 will apply only to judgments where the convention was in force when the proceedings leading to 
the judgment were initiated both in the state of origin of the judgment and also in the state of enforcement.  
Where English judgments are not within the scope of Hague 2005 or Hague 2019, relevant national law rules 
on jurisdiction and enforcement will apply.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Clause 
Page 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT ..................................................................................................................... 8 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION ............................................................... 9 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS ................................................................................................................. 10 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................... 14 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................ 17 
CONDITIONS RELATING TO THE CONSENT OF THE ISSUERS TO THE USE OF THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS ...................................................................................................................................... 36 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ..................................................................................... 43 
SUPPLEMENT(S) TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ......................................................................................... 53 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS...................................................................................... 54 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS .......................................................... 299 
INDEX BASKET CREDIT LINKED WARRANTS – INDEX DISCLAIMERS ........................................... 341 
ANNEX RELATING TO PROPRIETARY INDICES .................................................................................... 342 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................................. 343 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUERS ................................................................................................................ 407 
OFFERING AND SALE .................................................................................................................................. 412 
GENERAL INFORMATION........................................................................................................................... 420

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is 
qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
Words and expressions defined in section “Terms and Conditions of the Warrants” of this Base Prospectus and 
in the relevant Final Terms shall have the same meanings in this general description of the Programme. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, and is not 
intended to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or any implementing regulation thereof.  
Overview of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
Issuers 
NATIXIS (see paragraph entitled “1. Description of NATIXIS” of the 
“DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUERS” section of this Base Prospectus). 
Natixis Structured Issuance (see paragraph entitled “2. Description of Natixis 
Structured Issuance” of the “DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUERS” section of 
this Base Prospectus). 
Guarantor 
NATIXIS (in the case of Warrants issued by Natixis Structured Issuance). 
Overview of the Warrants 
Description of the 
Programme and Overview 
of the Warrants 
The applicable terms of any Warrants will be agreed between the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Manager(s) prior to the issue of the Warrants and will 
be set out in the Conditions of the Warrants, as completed by the applicable 
Final Terms attached to, or endorsed on, such Warrants. The Conditions of 
the Warrants are set out in detail under the “TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF 
THE WARRANTS” section below. 
Warrants issued under the Programme may be issued pursuant to this Base 
Prospectus and related Final Terms. 
Arranger 
NATIXIS 
Warrant Agent, Principal 
Paying Agent, and 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group providing 
client services with a worldwide network covering different time zones, may 
entrust parts of its operational processes to other BNP Paribas Group entities 
and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate accountability and responsibility 
in Luxembourg. 
Method of issue 
Issue Price 
Currencies 
The Warrants will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Warrants will be issued at such price specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Warrants may be issued in any currency. 
Type of Warrants 
The Warrants may be issued as Single Share Warrants, Basket Share 
Warrants, Single Index Warrants, Basket Index Warrants, Single Commodity 
Warrants, Basket Commodity Warrants, Single Fund Warrants, Basket Fund 
Warrants, Rate Warrants, Currency Warrants, Hybrid Warrants or Credit 
Linked Warrants. 
Settlement 
Warrants may be cash settled or physically settled.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Clearing Systems 
Warrants will be accepted for clearance through Clearstream and Euroclear 
and/or the relevant Clearing Systems in Denmark, Finland, Norway, Sweden 
and Switzerland. 
Taxation 
Neither the relevant Issuer nor (if applicable) the Guarantor shall be liable 
for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other payment 
(including any amounts required to be withheld or deducted pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (the Code)) which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, 
exercise or enforcement of any Warrant and all payments made by the 
relevant Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor shall be made subject to any 
such tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may be required to be 
made, paid, withheld or deducted and neither the relevant Issuer nor (if 
applicable) the Guarantor shall be obliged to pay any additional amounts in 
respect of any such withholding or deduction. See paragraph entitled “11. 
Expenses and Taxation” of the “TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
WARRANTS” section. 
Status 
The Warrants are direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu with all present 
and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, without 
any preference among themselves and without any preference one above the 
other by reason of priority of date of issue, any currency of payment or 
otherwise, except for obligations given priority by law. 
By the effect of the exercise of the bail-in power by the competent resolution 
authority, the amounts due under the Warrants may in particular be reduced 
(in whole or in part), converted into shares (in whole or in part) or cancelled 
and/or the term of the Warrants, the amounts due on Warrants or the date on 
which amounts due on Warrants become payable may be modified. 
Listing and admission to 
trading 
An application will be made for the period of 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Warrants issued 
under the Programme to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. 
Warrants of a particular series of Warrants may be listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or the Euro MTF market (or, in 
each case, the professional segment for qualified investors thereof), or on 
such other or additional Regulated Market or other stock exchange(s) as 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to 
such series of Warrants. Warrants which are neither listed nor admitted to 
trading on any market may also be issued. The applicable Final Terms for 
each issue will state whether or not the relevant Warrants are to be listed 
and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchange(s) and/or 
market(s). 
Use of Proceeds 
Each Issuer intends to use the net proceeds from each issue of Warrants for 
general corporate purposes. A substantial portion of the proceeds from the 
issue of Warrants may be used to hedge market risk with respect to such 
Warrants. 
Governing Law 
Subject as otherwise provided in the Conditions, the Warrants, the Global 
Warrant and the Warrant Agreement and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Warrants, the Global Warrant and the

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Warrant Agreement, are governed by and shall be construed in accordance 
with English law. 
Selling Restrictions 
See “OFFERING AND SALE” section of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
RISK FACTORS 
Each Issuer, in its reasonable opinion, believes that the risk factors described below represent or may represent 
the risks known to it which may affect such Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Warrants.  
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Warrants 
issued under the Programme are also described below.  
Prospective purchasers of Warrants offered hereby should consider carefully, among other things and in light 
of their financial circumstances and investment objectives, all of the information in this Base Prospectus 
(including that incorporated by reference) and, in particular, the risks factors set forth below in making an 
investment decision.  
Investors may lose the value of their entire investment in certain circumstances. 
Each Issuer operates in an environment that presents inherent risks, some of which it cannot control or 
moderate. Material risks to which the relevant Issuer is exposed are identified below, it being emphasised that 
it is not an exhaustive list of all risks relating to the relevant Issuer or its business or in consideration of its 
environment. The risks set out below, as well as other currently unidentified risks or risks which are currently 
considered immaterial by the relevant Issuer, may have a material adverse impact on its operations, financial 
position and/or results. 
In each category below, the Issuer shall first identify the most material risk based on its assessment, taking into 
account its negative impact and the likelihood of its occurrence. 
Terms used but not defined in this section shall have the meanings given to them elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
1 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTOR 
1.1 
Risks relating to NATIXIS as Issuer or Guarantor 
The risk factors related to NATIXIS that may affect NATIXIS’ ability to fulfil its obligations either as Issuer or 
as Guarantor under the Warrants issued in accordance with the Programme are described in section 3.1 “Risk 
Factors” of Chapter 3 “Risk factors, risk management and Pillar III” which appears on pages 33 to 45 of the 
NATIXIS 2023 URD First Amendment incorporated by reference herein. 
The following subsections of the above-mentioned section of the NATIXIS 2023 URD First Amendment are 
incorporated by reference in this category of risk factors: 
• 
Credit and counterparty risks;  
• 
Financial risks;  
• 
Non-financial risks; and 
• 
Strategic and business risks.  
1.2 
Risks relating to Natixis Structured Issuance as Issuer 
Risks relating to Natixis Structured Issuance's exposure to the credit risk of its counterparties and mainly 
NATIXIS’ credit risk 
Natixis Structured Issuance is exposed to the credit risk of its counterparties in its activities. If one or more of 
its counterparties in unable to perform its contractual obligations and against a background of increasing default 
by its counterparties, Natixis Structured Issuance may suffer losses of a greater or lesser magnitude depending 
on how concentrated its exposure is to those defaulting counterparties.  
 
Natixis Structured Issuance is a wholly-owned subsidiary of NATIXIS whose main activity is raising finance 
to be on-lent to NATIXIS under the Loan Agreement to finance NATIXIS' business activities. As a result, and 
in addition to the credit risk on other counterparties, Natixis Structured Issuance is primarily exposed to credit

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
risk on NATIXIS and the NATIXIS group entities, a default by any of which could cause significant financial 
loss given the links maintained between Natixis Structured Issuance and NATIXIS in the course of their day-
to-day activities.  
 
For a better assessment of risks related to NATIXIS’ risk factors, please see paragraph “Risks relating to 
NATIXIS as Issuer or Guarantor” above. 
 
Risks related to an interruption or malfunction of Natixis Structured Issuance's information and 
communication systems  
Natixis Structured Issuance relies on communication and information systems to conduct its business. Any 
failure or interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in failures or interruptions in Natixis 
Structured Issuance’s organisation systems. Natixis Structured Issuance cannot provide assurances that such 
failures or interruptions will not occur, or, if they occur, that they will be adequately addressed. The occurrence 
of any failures or interruptions could have a material adverse effect on Natixis Structured Issuance's financial 
condition and results of operations.  
2 
RISK FACTORS SPECIFIC TO THE WARRANTS  
2.1 
Risks relating to the holding of Warrants 
2.1.1 
Risks that could affect the Warrants issued by NATIXIS 
Risks relating to the holding of Warrants issued by NATIXIS – Holders of Warrants issued by 
NATIXIS and certain other NATIXIS creditors may suffer losses should NATIXIS or an entity of 
the BPCE Group undergo resolution proceedings 
Directive (EU) 2014/59 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions 
and investment firms (“BRRD 1”), transposed into French law by order No. 2015-1024 of 
20 August 2015 which also adapted French law to the provisions of European Regulation 806/2014 of 
15 July 2014 which established the rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions 
under a single resolution mechanism and a single Bank Resolution Fund, aim in particular to set up a 
single resolution mechanism giving resolution authorities a “bail-in” power aimed at combating 
systemic risks attached to the financial system and in particular at avoiding financial intervention by 
governments in the event of a crisis. Directive (EU) 2019/879 of 20 May 2019 (“BRRD 2”, and together 
with BRRD 1, the “BRRD”) amended BRRD 1 and was transposed into French law by order No. 2020-
1636 of 21 December 2020. In particular, the powers provided for by the BRRD allow the resolution 
authorities to write down, cancel or convert into shares, the securities and eligible liabilities of this 
financial institution, in the event that a financial institution or the group to which it belongs subject to 
BRRD becomes or is close to defaulting. In addition to the possibility of using this “bail-in” mechanism, 
the BRRD grants the resolution authorities more extensive powers, allowing them in particular to (1) 
force the entity to recapitalize itself in order to comply with the conditions of its authorization and 
continue the activities for which it is approved with a sufficient level of confidence on the part of the 
markets; if necessary, by modifying the legal structure of the entity, and (2) reduce the value of the 
receivables or debt instruments, or convert them into equity securities for transfer to a bridging 
institution for capitalization, or as part of the sale of a business, or recourse to an asset management 
vehicle.  
As an institution affiliated to BPCE, the central body of the BPCE Group within the meaning of Article 
L.511-31 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and by virtue of the full and entire legal solidarity 
that binds all the affiliates of the BPCE Group and the central body, NATIXIS may only be subject to 
resolution proceedings in the event of default by BPCE and of all affiliates of the BPCE Group, 
including NATIXIS. Such resolution proceedings would be initiated against the whole BPCE Group 
and all affiliated entities. If the financial position of the whole BPCE Group, including NATIXIS, were 
to deteriorate or be perceived as deteriorating, the implementation of the resolution measures provided 
for by the BRRD could cause the market value of NATIXIS financial securities, including the Warrants, 
to decline more rapidly.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
If BPCE and all of its affiliates, including NATIXIS, were subject to resolution measures, the holders 
of Warrants issued by NATIXIS could suffer losses due to the exercise of the powers conferred by the 
BRRD to the resolution authorities, which can then lead to: 
• 
the full or partial write-down of NATIXIS equity instruments and eligible 
financial instruments, including the Warrants, leading to the full or partial loss 
of the value of these instruments;  
• 
the full or partial conversion of eligible financial instruments, including the 
Warrants, into NATIXIS shares, resulting in the unwanted holding of 
NATIXIS shares and a possible financial loss when reselling these shares; and 
• 
a change to the contractual conditions of the financial instruments, including 
the Conditions of the Warrants, that could alter the instruments’ financial and 
maturity terms; such a change could result in longer maturities and have a 
negative impact on the value of said financial instruments.  
Additionally, the implementation of resolution measures at the BPCE Group level would also 
significantly affect NATIXIS’ ability to make the payments required by such instruments, including the 
Warrants, or, more generally, to honor its payment obligations to third parties, including the 
Warrantholders. Indeed, in accordance with Condition 2 (Status), the Warrants constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu 
with all present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of NATIXIS, without any 
preference among themselves and without any preference one above the other by reason of priority of 
date of issue, any currency of payment or otherwise, except for obligations given priority by law. The 
Warrants could be impacted as a last resort once the equity securities then the subordinated receivables 
and debt instruments (Common Equity Tier 1 capital instruments, Additional Tier 1 capital instruments 
and Tier 2 capital instruments) have been affected by “bail-in” measures. In any event, holders of equity 
securities would be affected first in the resolution of NATIXIS. 
The legislative provisions establishing a legal principle of solidarity oblige BPCE, in its capacity as 
central body, to do everything necessary to restore the liquidity or solvency of affiliates in difficulty 
and/or of all affiliates of the BPCE Group, including NATIXIS. BPCE may in particular implement the 
internal solidarity mechanism that it has put in place (as described in the section entitled “Financial 
solidarity mechanism with BPCE” of the most recent universal registration document of NATIXIS, 
which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus). Furthermore, by virtue of the unlimited 
nature of the principle of solidarity, BPCE is entitled at any time to request any one, several or all of 
the affiliates, including NATIXIS, to participate in the financial efforts that would be necessary to 
restore liquidity or solvency and will thus be able, if necessary, to mobilize up to all the availability and 
own funds of the affiliates, including those of NATIXIS, in the event of difficulty of one or more of 
them. Thus, (i) in the event of financial difficulties for NATIXIS, BPCE may resort to the resources of 
any one, several, or all of the affiliates; (ii) in the event of financial difficulties of one of BPCE's 
affiliates other than NATIXIS, the implementation of solidarity through recourse to the resources of any 
one, including NATIXIS, of several or all of the affiliates may lead to the emergence of financial 
difficulties at the level of NATIXIS and, consequently, to the Warrantholders losing all or part of their 
initial investment and/or not receiving the return initially planned. 
If resolution proceedings were to be brought at the BPCE Group level, the Warrantholders may, 
following the exercise of powers of write-down, conversion or amendment of the Conditions of the 
Warrants by the competent authority, face non-settlement or settlement at an amount lower than the 
amount payable under the Conditions. 
Finally, the BRRD and the legal and regulatory texts relating to resolution procedures are evolving 
continuously and may be amended in the future, including in a way that could result in a less favourable 
treatment of the Warrantholders in the context of a resolution procedure. For example, on 18 April 2023, 
the European Commission presented a package of legislative measures aimed at adapting and further 
strengthening the existing European Union framework for bank crisis management and deposit 
guarantee by amending the BRRD, Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and 
a Single Resolution Fund (as amended) and Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee schemes (recast) (the “European Commission's 
Proposal”). The legislative package is subject to further legislative procedures, but if implemented in 
its current form, senior preferred obligations (such as the Warrants) will then have a lower rank in right 
of payment than all deposits of NATIXIS, including deposits of large corporations and other deposits 
that are currently excluded from privileged deposits. As a result, there could be an increased risk that 
an investor in senior preferred obligations (such as the Warrants) loses all or part of its investment. The 
European Commission's Proposal, if implemented, may also lead to a downgrade of the rating of the 
Warrants. In this respect, please also refer to the risk factor entitled "Risks relating to a downgrade in 
the rating or rating outlook of NATIXIS or the Warrants". 
Risks of total or partial loss of the amounts due under the Warrants should insolvency proceedings 
be brought against NATIXIS 
In accordance with Condition 2 (Status), the Warrants issued by NATIXIS and, as the case may be, the 
Guarantee constitute general, unsecured contractual obligations on the part of NATIXIS, and in the 
event that an insolvency proceeding were to be brought against NATIXIS, the right to obtain the 
payment of the Cash Settlement Amount or the delivery of the Entitlement from NATIXIS with respect 
to the Warrants or, as the case may be, under the Guarantee shall rank equally with claims from all other 
unsubordinated and unsecured contractual obligations and take precedence after privileged 
commitments, including those privileged by law.  
NATIXIS issues a large number of financial instruments on a worldwide basis and the outstanding 
amount of financial instruments issued by NATIXIS, including the Warrants, may be substantial at any 
time. The Conditions do not provide for any limit on the amount of indebtedness ranking pari passu 
with the Warrants that NATIXIS may incur, issue or guarantee. An increase in NATIXIS’s outstanding 
indebtedness could, if such indebtedness were to exceed its assets, significantly reduce the amount 
recoverable by the Warrantholders in the event of a liquidation of NATIXIS and the Warrantholders 
could suffer a loss of all or part of their investment in the Warrants in the event of a liquidation (whether 
voluntary or involuntary) of NATIXIS. 
If its financial position deteriorates resulting in the commencement of insolvency proceedings against 
NATIXIS, NATIXIS may be unable to perform some or all of its payment obligations under the 
Warrants or, as the case may be, under the Guarantee and accordingly the Warrantholders could not 
receive any or all of the Cash Settlement Amount or the delivery of the Entitlement in respect of the 
Warrants they were entitled to.  
Risks of deferred payment and of reduction or conversion of the Warrantholders’ right to request the 
payment of the Cash Settlement Amount or the delivery of the Entitlement in the event of the 
commencement of insolvency proceedings against NATIXIS 
NATIXIS is a société anonyme with its corporate seat in France. In the event that NATIXIS becomes 
insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the 
extent that, where applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed under Regulation (EU) 
2015/848, as amended) of NATIXIS is located in France. 
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and, 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, 
insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into 
French law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021 (the “Ordonnance”). Such 
Ordonnance, applicable as from 1st October 2021, amends French insolvency laws notably with regard 
to the process of adoption of restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this 
Ordonnance, “affected parties” (including notably creditors, and therefore the Warrantholders) shall be 
treated in separate classes which reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a 
restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests 
with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. Warrantholders 
will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the 
Warrantholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) 
and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down. 
Both the scopes of the Directive (EU) 2019/1023 and the Ordonnance do not cover financial institutions, 
unless the competent authority chooses to make them applicable. In such a case, the application of 
French insolvency law to a credit institution such as NATIXIS is also subject to the prior permission of 
the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution before the opening of any safeguard, judicial 
reorganisation or liquidation procedures. This limitation will affect the ability of the Warrantholders to 
recover their investments in the Warrants. 
Should such proceedings be opened, the commencement of insolvency proceedings against NATIXIS 
would have a material adverse effect on the market value of Warrants issued by NATIXIS. As a 
consequence, any decisions taken by a class of affected parties could negatively and significantly impact 
the Warrantholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment, should they not be able to 
recover all or part of the amounts due to them from NATIXIS. 
2.1.2 
Risks that may affect the Warrants issued by Natixis Structured Issuance and guaranteed by 
NATIXIS 
Risks related to Warrants guaranteed by NATIXIS 
The Warrants issued by Natixis Structured Issuance under the Programme are guaranteed by NATIXIS 
pursuant to the NATIXIS Guarantee (as described in paragraph (i) NATIXIS Guarantee of the 
“DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUERS” section of the Base Prospectus). Therefore, when NATIXIS acts 
as Guarantor of the Warrants issued by Natixis Structured Issuance, in addition to the risk factors 
specific to Natixis Structured Issuance as Issuer, the Warrantholders are exposed to risk factors of the 
Warrants issued by NATIXIS described in the paragraph 2.1.1 “Risks that could affect the Warrants 
issued by NATIXIS” above. 
Thus, if the Guarantor’s financial situation deteriorates leading to the opening of a resolution or 
insolvency proceeding against the Guarantor, the Guarantor may not be able to fulfil all or part of its 
payment obligations under the NATIXIS Guarantee, if it is triggered, and the holders of Warrants issued 
by Natixis Structured Issuance could thus lose all or part of their initial investment. 
Risks relating to the holding of Warrants issued by Natixis Structured Issuance, should Natixis 
Structured Issuance undergo resolution proceedings in Luxembourg 
The BRRD Regulation was transposed into Luxembourg law by the Law of 18 December 2015 on the 
failure of credit institutions and certain investment firms, as amended (the “BRR Law”). According to 
the BRR Law, the resolution authority is the Luxembourg financial sector supervisory authority 
(Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, the “CSSF”) acting as resolution board (conseil de 
résolution).  
The BRR Law is applicable to, among others, financial institutions (within the meaning of the BRR 
Law) incorporated under Luxembourg law that are (i) subsidiaries of a credit institution or certain 
investment firms (both within the meaning of the BRR Law) and (ii) in the scope of supervision on a 
consolidated basis by their parent company (in accordance with Articles 6 to 17 of Regulation (EU) 
575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements 
for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as amended 
(the “CRR”)). 
As a financial institution established under Luxembourg law and a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
NATIXIS covered by the supervision of the latter on a consolidated basis in accordance with the CRR 
, Natixis Structured Issuance falls within the scope of the BRR Law. 
Moreover, Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions 
and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism, as amended (“SRM”) 
and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended (the “SRM

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Regulation”) has established a centralised power of resolution entrusted to a Single Resolution Board 
(the “SRB”) in cooperation with the national resolution authorities, such as the CSSF. Under Article 
5(1) of the SRM Regulation, the SRB has been granted the responsibilities and powers granted to the 
national resolution authorities under the BRRD Regulation in relation to, among others, groups which 
are considered to be significant and which are subject to direct supervision by the European Central 
Bank (the “ECB”). 
BPCE Group has been designated as significant for the purposes of Article 49(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 468/2014 of the ECB of 16 April 2014 establishing the framework for cooperation within the Single 
Supervisory Mechanism between the ECB and national competent authorities and with national 
designated authorities (the “SSM Regulation”) and its entities are consequently subject to the direct 
supervision of the ECB. This means that BPCE, NATIXIS as well as Natixis Structured Issuance are 
subject to the SRM Regulation and the SRB is, at a European level (and alongside the national resolution 
authority of Natixis Structured Issuance, the CSSF), their resolution authority. 
The BRR Law and the SRM Regulation establish the resolution measures provided for in the BRRD 
Regulation, including the power to require the suspension of the activities of the entity under resolution 
under certain circumstances. Any suspension of activity may, to the extent determined by the SRB, in 
cooperation with the CSSF (in the case of Natixis Structured Issuance) result in a total or partial 
suspension of the performance of the agreements entered into or obligations (including payment and/or 
delivery obligations) undertaken by any entity of the BPCE Group, including Natixis Structured 
Issuance (including under the Warrants). The BRR Law and the SRM Regulation also give the SRB the 
power, in cooperation with the CSSF (in the case of Natixis Structured Issuance) to take various 
resolution measures which could apply to Natixis Structured Issuance, including (i) the forced sale of 
some or all of Natixis Structured Issuance's activities, (ii) the establishment of a bridge facility to 
transfer Natixis Structured Issuance's activities, (iii) disposal of the assets, rights and obligations of 
Natixis Structured Issuance to a special purpose vehicle (a measure that is required to be taken in 
combination with another resolution measure), and (iv) a use of the bail-in instrument. 
However, the BRR Law and the SRM Regulation state that, under exceptional circumstances, if the 
bail-in instrument is applied, the SRB, in cooperation with the CSSF may totally or partially exclude 
certain liabilities from the application of the impairment or conversion powers under certain conditions.  
If the bail-in tool and the write-down and conversion powers were to be applied to Natixis Structured 
Issuance, the Warrants issued by it could be subject to write-down or conversion into equity (meaning 
ordinary shares or other equity instruments), resulting in the loss of all or part of a Warrantholder’s 
investment in the Warrants (in particular, the amount due under such Warrants could be reduced to 
zero). Under certain conditions, the Conditions of the Warrants issued by Natixis Structured Issuance 
could be amended by the SRB, in cooperation with the CSSF (in particular, with regards to their 
settlement date). 
The exercise of the powers entrusted to the SRB, in cooperation with the CSSF, or the mere threat of 
execution of such powers, could substantially affect the rights of the holders of Warrants issued by 
Natixis Structured Issuance, the price or the value of their investment in such Warrants and/or the ability 
of Natixis Structured Issuance to perform its commitments under such Warrants. 
Risk of partial or total loss of the amounts due under the Warrants as a result of the status of the 
Warrants in the event of the commencement of insolvency proceedings against Natixis Structured 
Issuance 
In accordance with Condition 2 (Status), the Warrants issued by Natixis Structured Issuance constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of Natixis Structured Issuance.  
Since Natixis Structured Issuance is registered and has its main centre of interests in Luxembourg, 
insolvency proceedings relating to Natixis Structured Issuance may be subject to and governed by 
Luxembourg insolvency law.  
If Natixis Structured Issuance undergoes resolution proceedings or if insolvency proceedings are 
commenced against Natixis Structured Issuance, the claim to obtain the payment of the Cash Settlement

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Amount or the delivery of the Entitlement from Natixis Structured Issuance represented by the Warrants 
shall rank equally with claims from all other unsubordinated and unsecured contractual commitments 
and after privileged commitments, including those privileged by law.  
If Natixis Structured Issuance’s financial position deteriorates resulting in the commencement of 
resolution or insolvency proceedings against it, Natixis Structured Issuance may be unable to fulfil some 
or all of its payment or delivery obligations in respect of the Warrants and investors could thus face 
non-settlement or settlement at an amount lower than the amount payable under the Conditions of the 
Warrants.  
Risks relating to the Warrants not being protected deposits 
The Warrants are not deposits and should not be treated as a substitute for conventional time deposits. 
They are not protected deposits for the purposes of the scheme established under section 11 of the 
Deposit Protection Scheme Ordinance (Cap. 581 of the Laws of Hong Kong). The Warrantholders may 
sustain a total loss in their investments.  
2.1.3 
Other risks that may affect the Holders of Warrants 
Risks related to the settlement of Warrants before maturity in the event of illegality, change in 
taxation, Force Majeure Event or Significant Alteration Event  
In accordance with the Conditions of the Warrants, (i) if the performance of the relevant Issuer’s 
obligations under the Warrants has or will become unlawful, in whole or in part, in accordance with 
Condition 7.1, the relevant Issuer may, under certain circumstances, cancel all outstanding Warrants; 
(ii) in respect of NATIXIS’ Warrants only, if the amount of any payment of the Cash Settlement Amount 
or, as the case may be, delivery of the Entitlement (or the value thereof), would not be tax deductible 
(either in whole or in part) by NATIXIS by reason of such payment or such delivery having to be made, 
outside France in, or to persons domiciled or established in, a Non-Cooperative State in accordance 
with the Condition 7.2, NATIXIS will have the option to terminate and settle any such Warrants in 
relation to which such payment is not tax-deductible early; or (iii) if the performance of the relevant 
Issuer’s obligations under the Warrants is impossible and insurmountable due to the occurrence of a 
Force Majeure Event or if the economic balance of the Warrants is significantly altered due to the 
occurrence of a Significant Alteration Event, in accordance with Condition 7.6, the relevant Issuer may, 
under certain circumstances, settle all outstanding Warrants early. 
The Conditions of the Warrants provide that in the event of cancellation or early settlement, the Early 
Settlement Amount is equal to their fair market value (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), therefore the investors will not benefit from the terms of regular settlement for the Warrants 
initially set out in the Conditions.  
In addition, the fair market value payable in the event of cancellation or early settlement may be lower, 
particularly in the event of a deterioration in market conditions, than the amount that would have been 
paid if the Warrants had been settled on the scheduled Settlement Date and investors could face non-
settlement or settlement at an amount lower than the amount that they initially anticipated in accordance 
with the Conditions. 
2.2 
Risks that may affect the valuation and sale price of the Warrants on the secondary market  
Volatility risk relating to the Warrants.  
Volatility risk refers to the risk of changes in the sale price of the Warrants, as well as any difference between 
the valuation level and the sale price of the Warrants on the secondary market. The relevant Final Terms will 
specify whether or not the Warrants will be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or a multilateral trading 
facility, or if they will not be admitted to trading at all.  
The secondary market for derivative instruments such as the Warrants is influenced by economic and market 
conditions, which mainly affect the relevant Underlyings, as well as by interest rates, exchange rates, and 
inflation rates in Europe and other countries and territories.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Events in France, Europe or elsewhere (such as the health crisis related to COVID-19 or a fuel crisis or a major 
geopolitical event) could cause volatility in the secondary market of the Warrants, and the resulting volatility 
could have a negative impact on the trading or sale price of the Warrants. The relevant Final Terms will state 
whether or not the Warrants will be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market or a multilateral trading facility. 
Warrantholders wishing to sell their Warrants prior to their scheduled settlement date may, consequently, be 
unable to sell their Warrants at their valuation level and resulting in them selling their Warrants at a lower price 
than they would expect, given the value of the Warrants.  
Risks related to the downgrading of the rating or change in rating outlook of NATIXIS or the Warrants  
The value of the Warrants may be affected in part by investors’ assessments of the solvency of the Issuer and, 
where applicable, the Guarantor. This valuation will generally be influenced by ratings given to outstanding 
NATIXIS securities by rating agencies, such as Moody's, S&P and Fitch (each one individually a “Rating”). 
Natixis Structured Issuance is not rated. 
A Rating is an indication used to assess prospects of creditors being repaid by an issuer. It is not representative 
of all of the risks that may affect the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Warrants and does not constitute a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may, at any time, be modified or withdrawn by any of the 
relevant rating agencies.  
The Warrants may be unrated or rated by one or more independent rating agencies. The Ratings may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks relating to, inter alia, the structure of the relevant issue, the relevant market of 
the Warrants, and other factors that may affect the value of the Warrants.  
A downgrade of, or a creditwatch in relation to any Rating of the long term senior unsecured debt of NATIXIS 
and, if the Warrants are rated, that of the Warrants, may result in a decrease in the trading value of the Warrants 
and, for a Warrantholder who wishes to sell its Warrants prior to their Settlement Date, may result in a partial 
or total loss in relation to the price at which the Warrants could have been sold before the relevant Rating was 
changed or placed under creditwatch. 
Risk of illiquidity or limited liquidity of the Warrants  
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not the Warrants will be admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market or a multilateral trading facility, or if they will not be admitted to trading at all. No assurance can be 
given that an active trading market for the Warrants will develop or, if such a market develops, that it will be 
sustained. Warrantholders should note that the number of Warrants issued does not necessarily reflect the 
number of Warrants outstanding and therefore is not representative of the strength of the secondary market and 
the liquidity level of the Warrants.  
Where there is no or only limited liquidity for the Warrants, Warrantholders may not be able to sell their 
Warrants or may not be able to sell them at their true valuation level. Consequently, (i) Warrantholders may be 
unable to sell their Warrants prior to the scheduled Settlement Date or (ii) they may be unable to sell their 
Warrants at a price equal to the amount they might expect given the true valuation of the Warrants.  
2.3 
Risks related to the features and specific terms of settlement of the Warrants  
Risk relating to the settlement of the Warrants whose settlement is determined by reference to a calculation 
formula and/or linked to one or more underlying assets or a strategy 
The settlement amount payable by the Issuer is indexed to changes in one or more underlying assets, including 
shares, indices, commodities, fund units, interest rates, currencies or credit risk of one or more reference entities 
or a basket of any of the above, or any formula, strategy or combination thereof (each an “Underlying”). This 
may concern the amounts payable on settlement including amounts payable upon early settlement or settlement 
at the option of the Issuer in accordance with the terms specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Such amounts may be determined in particular by the application of a calculation formula and one or more 
observed prices, the value or level of, or the occurrence or the absence of occurrence of an event in relation to 
one or more Underlying(s) observed during the lifetime or at the settlement of the Warrants, or by indexing 
payment to a secondary currency other than the currency of the Warrants. The settlement of the Warrants may

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
also result in a settlement by physical delivery of the Underlying and/or be linked to the occurrence of one or 
more Credit Events for one or more Reference Entities. 
The price, value or level of the relevant Underlying(s) may change in a manner unfavourable to the 
Warrantholder, meaning that the holding of the Warrants may present a risk comparable to the holding or short-
selling of the Underlying(s), or an even greater risk depending on the terms of the formula or indexation 
provisions which may increase the exposure to such risk through leverage or combine exposure to several 
Underlyings or a number of adverse scenarios. 
In the event of an adverse change in the price, value or level of the Underlying(s) accentuated, where applicable, 
by the terms and conditions of the aforementioned formula or indexing or strategy terms and conditions, 
investors may face non-settlement or settlement at an amount less than the amount that they initially anticipated 
in accordance with the Conditions.  
The holding of a Warrant is unlikely to lead to outcomes which exactly reflect the impact of investing in an 
Underlying, and losses could be considerably greater than would be suffered by a direct investor in such 
Underlying and/or could arise for reasons unrelated to the Underlying. Warrantholders should also note that 
losses could be sustained even if the obligations in respect of the Underlying are unenforceable or their 
performance is prohibited by any applicable law or exchange controls.  
Risks related to currency fluctuation and exchange controls 
For some Warrants, the Issuer shall pay the Cash Settlement Amount due in respect of the Warrants in the 
Settlement Currency (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) or (iii) a replacement currency which may be: 
(a) euros in the event of redenomination of the Settlement Currency into euro; or (b) Euros or U.S. dollars (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) if the Settlement Currency is discontinued, converted, re-denominated, 
exchanged or otherwise unavailable (the “Replacement Currency”) 
This may pose a risk if an investor's financial activities are substantially processed and denominated in a 
currency or monetary unit (the “Investor's Currency”) other than the Settlement Currency (or, as applicable, 
the Fallback Payment Currency or the Replacement Currency) and the exchange rates vary significantly (for 
example, in the event of the devaluation of any such currency or the revaluation of the Investor's Currency). 
Moreover, the authorities of the country that govern the Settlement Currency (or, as applicable, the Fallback 
Payment Currency or the Replacement Currency) or Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. This could have an adverse effect on the value of such currencies, the interest rates of such currencies 
or the risk premiums of the cross-currency interest rate swap market.  
These risks may be significantly increased if one of these currencies is an emerging market currency or a 
currency issued by a central bank or a government whose operating and market oversight rules do not match the 
general standards of the major international markets. 
An assessment of the value of the Investor's Currency in relation to the Settlement Currency (and, as applicable 
the Fallback Payment Currency or the Replacement Currency) or the introduction or modification of exchange 
controls could decrease (i) the value of the Warrants once they are converted into the Investor's Currency, and 
(ii) the Cash Settlement Amount payable for the Warrants once it is converted into the Investor's Currency. An 
investor could then face settlement below the amount that it initially anticipated in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
Risks related to Warrants settled through the delivery of an Underlying  
For certain Warrants, settlement may be made by the Issuer through the delivery of a determined Underlying as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. If, on or after the delivery of an Underlying, a Warrantholder wishes to 
sell such Underlying, and if the liquidity of the market for the relevant Underlying is limited, the Warrantholder 
may potentially be unable to sell the Underlying at a price equivalent to the price it could have obtained in a 
cash settlement of the Warrants. Moreover, if there is no liquidity, a Warrantholder may be unable to sell the 
relevant Underlying at all.  
In addition, such Underlying may be subject to other transfer restrictions which might prevent or impair the 
holder’s ability to transfer such Underlying.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Where the Warrants provide for physical delivery, if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the 
specified assets to be delivered using the method of delivery specified in the applicable Final Terms is not 
practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event having occurred and continuing on any Settlement Date, 
then such Settlement Date for such Warrants shall be postponed to the following Settlement Business Day in 
respect of which there is no Settlement Disruption Event. The Issuer may however (i) elect to satisfy its 
obligations by delivering the Entitlement using such other commercially reasonable manner as it may select or 
(ii) for so long as delivery of the Entitlement (or any parts thereof) is not practicable by reason of a Settlement 
Disruption Event, elect to satisfy its obligations by payment to the relevant Warrantholder of the Disruption 
Cash Settlement Price. Any such delay in settlement in respect of the Warrants and/or replacement of the 
obligation to deliver such specified assets by delivery of other assets or payment of a cash amount may, in either 
case, affect the value of the Warrants and, in the case of payment of a cash amount, will affect the timing of the 
valuation of such Warrants and as a result, the amount of principal payable on settlement. Prospective investors 
should review the terms of the Warrants to ascertain whether and how such provisions should apply to the 
relevant Warrants and be aware that the amounts payable or deliverable and the timing of the valuation, payment 
or delivery of these may be different from expected. 
Accordingly, the delivery of an Underlying as a term of settlement of the Warrants may result in an additional 
risk for the investor compared to a Warrant for which the settlement amount is paid in cash (including the risks 
related to the settlement and delivery of the Underlying and the risks mentioned above), and because of this 
particular settlement procedure, it could face non-settlement or settlement at an amount lower than the amount 
that it initially anticipated in accordance with the Conditions.  
Certain risk factors associated with Open-ended Warrants 
Potential investors in Open-ended Warrants should consider that this type of Warrant has no exercise date and 
no fixed settlement date. Therefore, the duration of such Warrants may be, and in certain circumstances set out 
in Condition 7.5 will be, dependent on the Issuer's optional election to settle the Warrants at any time, the 
occurrence of certain events or by a certain trigger being breached or activated, in each case to the extent 
applicable in respect of the relevant Warrants. In particular, if the relevant Warrantholders have no optional 
settlement right, a realisation of the economic value attached to the Open-ended Warrants (in whole or in part) 
will only be possible by selling such Open-ended Warrants on the secondary market. If there is no secondary 
market, there might be no possibility for such Warrantholders to sell the Warrants at all.  
2.4 
Risks relating to events that may have an impact on an Underlying or the determination of the 
price, value or level of an Underlying  
Risks relating to changes in law or the inability to hold hedging positions and/or increased cost of hedging 
Warrant issues are indexed to the price, value or level of, or the occurrence or the absence of occurrence of an 
event in relation to, one or more Underlying(s). The Issuer may enter into hedging agreements (the “Hedging 
Agreements”) to hedge itself against the risks associated to such Warrants and in particular changes in the price, 
value or level of the relevant Underlying(s). In the event of a Change in Law, it may become impossible for the 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Warrants or unlawful to hold, acquire, exercise or dispose of such 
Hedging Agreements.  
Moreover, the performance by the Issuer of its obligations under the Warrants or in order to fulfil the applicable 
legal requirements could generate significant associated costs for the Issuer. In addition, the Issuer may be 
unable to hold such Hedging Agreements or may incur significant costs related to such Hedging Agreements. 
These various events constitute Additional Disruption Events under the Warrants.  
Should the Calculation Agent determine that any of the above-mentioned Additional Disruption Event has 
occurred, it shall notify the Issuer which may settle all Warrants early at the Early Settlement Amount which is 
an amount determined to be the fair market value of the Warrants based on the market conditions prevailing at 
the date of determination taking account of the Additional Disruption Event, minus the reasonable costs to the 
Issuer and/or its affiliates or other entities affected by the Hedging Agreements of unwinding underlying 
Hedging Arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
The Early Settlement Amount determined at fair market value may be less than the Settlement Amount initially 
set out in the Final Terms of the Warrants. Consequently, an investor could face non-settlement or settlement 
below the amount that it initially anticipated in accordance with the Conditions. 
Risks related to certain events affecting funds for Fund Warrants 
The determination of the Cash Settlement Amount due under Fund Warrants requires observation of the Net 
Asset Value of such relevant Fund(s). Certain events that affect the Fund(s) may have an impact on the Net 
Asset Value of such Funds or make it impossible to observe them. These events include, but are not limited to, 
an AUM Trigger Event, a Nationalisation, a FRTB Event, a Fund Insolvency Filing, a Fund Modification, a 
Fund Merger Event, a Termination of the Fund Advisor or the Fund Administrator, a Change of Investment 
Policy, a Holding Event, a NAV Trigger Event, a Redemption of Fund Shares, a Reporting Disruption, an 
Adviser Resignation, a Liquidation, a Regulatory Action, a Volatility Trigger Event and a Strategy Breach. 
These various events constitute Extraordinary Events for the Fund(s) under the Warrants. 
Should an Extraordinary Event occur for the Fund(s), the Calculation Agent may, at its discretion, either (i) 
substitute the Fund Share with such interest in any other investment fund or other collective investment vehicle 
(the “Successor Fund Share”) which the Calculation Agent, using commercially reasonable efforts, has 
identified as being, with regard to its characteristics, investment objectives and policies, similar to those in effect 
for the Fund(s) immediately prior to the occurrence of such Extraordinary Event, (ii) adjust any terms of the 
Warrants (including, but not limited to, adjustments to account for any changes in volatility, investment strategy 
or liquidity relevant to the Fund Shares) as may be required in order to preserve the economic equivalent of the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants, or (iii) require the Issuer to settle the Warrants early at an Early 
Settlement Amount (equal to the fair market value of the Warrants based on the market conditions prevailing at 
the date of determination less, except if Unwind Costs are specified as not being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, any reasonable expenses and costs of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and 
funding arrangements), as determined by the Calculation Agent at its sole discretion. 
The adjustment of the Conditions of the Warrants by the Calculation Agent following the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Event for the Funds could have a material impact on the Cash Settlement Amount and on the 
value of the Warrants.  
Moreover, the Early Settlement Amount in connection with the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event is 
determined at fair market value, and may be less than the Settlement Amount initially set out in the Final Terms 
of the Warrants. Consequently, it is possible that, following the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event for the 
Funds, no settlement will be made or the settlement made will be less than the amount initially anticipated by 
the investors in accordance with the Conditions. 
Risks related to the inability to observe the Net Asset Value of the Fund(s) in the case of a Market Disruption 
Event 
The determination of the Cash Settlement Amount due in respect of the Fund Warrants requires the observance 
of the Net Asset Value of such relevant Fund(s). Market Disruption Events as defined in the Conditions may 
occur and prevent the Calculation Agent from making such determinations.  
Such Market Disruption Events may occur in the event of (i) a failure by the Fund (or its Fund Service Provider 
that generally determines such value) to publish the NAV of the Fund Share in the manner specified in the Fund 
Documentation, or (ii) occurrence or existence of (a) a Valuation Disruption, (b) a Liquidity Disruption, or (c) 
a Settlement Disruption (as defined in the Conditions of the Warrants) that the Calculation Agent, in its absolute 
and sole discretion, determines to be material. 
Should any such Market Disruption Event occur, the Calculation Agent shall defer the observation of the Net 
Asset Value of the Fund(s) to the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disruption Day (as 
defined in the Conditions of the Warrants). If a Market Disruption Event continues, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in good faith the Net Asset Value of the Fund(s) affected. 
The Net Asset Value of the Fund(s) affected may be significantly different from the Net Asset Value published 
immediately prior to the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
If the determination of the Cash Settlement Amount requires the observation of the Net Asset Value of the 
relevant Fund(s) for a predetermined period of time, the Calculation Agent may have to disregard the relevant 
day when calculating the Cash Settlement Amount owed in respect of the Warrants.  
The deferral of the observation of the Net Asset Value of the Fund(s) affected or the disregarding of the day on 
which a Market Disruption Event occurred may reduce some or all of the Cash Settlement Amount, as the case 
may be, as well as the value of the Warrants. This risk will be higher should the Fund(s) affected be highly 
volatile. Consequently, an investor could then face non-settlement or settlement below the amount that it initially 
anticipated in accordance with the Conditions. 
Risks related to certain events affecting the Shares 
For Warrants indexed to the price of one or more Shares, determination of the Cash Settlement Amount due in 
respect of Share Warrants requires observation of the price of such Shares. Certain events affecting the Shares 
may have an impact on the price of such Shares or make it impossible to observe them. These events include, 
but are not limited to, a Nationalisation, an Insolvency, a Delisting, a Tender Offer or a Merger Event (all as 
further described in Condition 14.5). 
In addition, for the issuance of Share Warrants, the Issuer may be required to borrow the Shares in question for 
the purposes of hedging such Warrants. The rate of such borrowing could increase significantly or the Issuer 
and/or its affiliates may be unable to borrow the Shares at an acceptable rate. 
Should the Calculation Agent determine that any of the above-mentioned events has occured, it shall notify the 
Issuer which may elect, depending the nature of such event, (i) to adjust, or require the Calculation Agent to 
make adjustments to, the termination, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Warrants, or (ii) to terminate 
its obligations in relation to the Warrants by paying the Early Settlement Amount (equal to the fair market value 
of the Warrants based on the market conditions prevailing at the date of determination less, except if Unwind 
Costs are specified as not being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any reasonable expenses and costs of 
unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements), as determined by, and at the sole 
discretion of, the Calculation Agent. 
The adjustment of the Conditions by the Calculation Agent following the occurrence of an event referred to 
above could have a material impact on the settlement amount and on the value of the Warrants indexed. 
Moreover, the Early Settlement Amount determined at fair market value may be less than the Cash Settlement 
Amount initially set out in the Conditions. Consequently, an investor could face non-settlement or settlement 
below the amount that it initially anticipated in accordance with the Conditions. 
Risks related to Warrants whose settlement amounts are indexed to a “benchmark” 
Reference rates, such as EURIBOR or CMS rates, commodities, currencies and indices that are considered 
“benchmarks” (“Benchmarks”) are the subject of regulatory guidance and reform proposals at national and 
international level. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented.  
Among these regulations, the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 8 June 2016, as amended (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) applies to the provision of Benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a Benchmark and the use of a Benchmark within the European Union. It will among 
other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with extensive requirements 
in relation to the administration of Benchmarks (or, if non-EU based, to be subject to equivalent requirements) 
and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of Benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised/registered (or, if non-EU based, deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed), subject to certain 
transitional provisions. There are proposals to reform the EU Benchmarks Regulation (and significantly narrow 
the range of benchmarks to which it applies), but these changes are not agreed in form and not expected to apply 
until 2026.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Warrant linked to or referencing a rate or 
index deemed to be a Benchmark, in particular if the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark are changed 
in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Additionally, the EU Benchmarks Regulation was amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 (the “Amending Regulation”). The Amending Regulation 
introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain Benchmarks by conferring 
on the European Commission or the relevant national authority the power to designate a statutory replacement 
for certain Benchmarks, resulting in such Benchmarks being replaced in contracts and financial instruments that 
have not been renegotiated before the date of cessation of the relevant Benchmarks and contain either no 
contractual replacement (or so-called “fallback provision”) or a fallback provision which is deemed unsuitable 
by the European Commission or competent national authorities (Article 23b of the EU Benchmarks Regulation). 
However, there are still some uncertainties as to the application of these regulatory provisions pending the 
implementing acts of the European Commission. In addition, the Regulation (EU) 2023/2222extended the 
transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks until the end of 2025. 
These provisions could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, Warrants linked to, 
or referencing Benchmarks such as EURIBOR or CMS rate(s) in the event that the fallback provisions in the 
Conditions (see Condition 22.2 (Benchmark Trigger Events)) are deemed unsuitable (Article 23b of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation).  
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of Benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. It is not possible to predict 
with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR, EUR CMS and other benchmarks will continue to be 
supported going forward. This may cause these benchmarks to perform differently than they have done in the 
past, and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have the following effects 
on certain Benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain 
Benchmarks, (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks and/or (iii) lead to 
the disappearance of certain Benchmarks.  
Such modifications might, in particular, have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level of the relevant 
Benchmark or affect in any manner the evolution of the rate or level of the relevant Benchmark or lead to the 
replacement of the relevant Benchmark by a replacement Benchmark and therefore have a material adverse 
effect on the return on and value of Warrants whose settlement amount is indexed to that Benchmark.  
Risks associated with Warrants whose settlement amounts are linked to or make reference to risk-free rates 
as the market continues to develop in relation to such risk-free rates 
Condition 22 potentially contemplates Rate Warrants referencing to risk-free rates to be issued. Investors should 
be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as the Euro short term rate 
(“€STR”), the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the Secured Overnight Financing Rates 
(“SOFR”) and the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate (“TONA”) as reference rates in the capital markets for euro, 
sterling, US Dollar bonds or Japanese Yen as applicable, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant 
interbank offered rates. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that 
differs significantly from that contemplated in the Conditions referred to above and used in relation to Rate 
Warrants that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme. The Issuers may in the future issue 
warrants referencing €STR, SONIA, SOFR or TONA in a way that differs materially in terms of determination 
of the settlement amounts referencing such rates when compared with the manner of determination of such 
amounts for any previous Warrants issued by the Issuers referencing such risk-free rates. 
The development of the use of €STR, SONIA, SOFR or TONA as reference rates for debt securities markets, 
as well as continued development of €STR-, SONIA-, SOFR- or TONA-based rates for such markets and of the 
market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could 
otherwise affect the market price of the Rate Warrants. 
Amounts payable on Rate Warrants which reference a risk-free rate are only capable of being determined shortly 
prior to the relevant payment date. This will have the effect that the amount payable will only be known a short 
time before the relevant payment date. It may therefore be difficult for investors in Rate Warrants which

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
reference such risk-free rates to be able to reliably pre-estimate the amount which will be payable on such Rate 
Warrants. 
In addition a mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the debt securities, loan and derivatives 
markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which investors may put in place in connection 
with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Rate Warrants.  
Accordingly, an investment in any such Rate Warrants, may entail significant risks not associated with similar 
investments in debt securities referencing reference rates other than risk-free rates such as forward looking 
interbank offered rates. 
Risks related to the occurrence of a Benchmark Trigger Event or an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
The Conditions in respect of the Rate Warrants, Index Warrants, Commodity Warrants and Currency Warrants 
provide for certain fallback provisions to apply should events affecting an administrator of a Benchmark or a 
Benchmark arise, in particular if the original Relevant Benchmark ceases to be published or exist or if it becomes 
unlawful for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent to respectively index, calculate or be 
involved in the settlement of the amount indexed to that Relevant Benchmark.  
Any adjustments made by the Calculation Agent would aim to reduce or eliminate, to the extent possible, any 
economic loss or benefit (as the case may be) to investors resulting from the replacement of the Relevant 
Benchmark. However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an adjustment and, even if an adjustment is 
applied, that adjustment may not be effective in reducing or eliminating the economic loss to investors.  
Similarly, the application of any adjustment decided by the Calculation Agent may require changes to the 
Conditions to ensure their proper integration and the proper operation of the relevant provisions. These changes, 
in particular if they relate to the terms and conditions for calculating the settlement amount, could affect the 
performance, and consequently the nature, of the relevant Warrants.  
Investors should note that the consent of the Warrantholders shall not be required if the Calculation Agent were 
to make the aforementioned adjustments or changes and that the Calculation Agent has discretionary powers 
when making such adjustments or changes. 
Finally, in the case of an event affecting an administrator of a Benchmark or a Benchmark, if the Issuer decides 
at its discretion to settle all Warrants early, the Early Settlement Amount will be equal to the fair market value 
of the Warrants based on the market conditions prevailing at the date of determination less, except if Unwind 
Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any reasonable expenses and costs of 
unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements. Consequently, the Cash Settlement 
Amount paid to investors may be less than the Settlement Amount initially set out in the Final Terms and 
investors may then face non-settlement or settlement below the amount that they initially anticipated in 
accordance with the Conditions. 
All of the items above may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Warrants and/or adversely 
affect the value or liquidity of the Warrants. 
Risks related to the modification, termination or disruption of a market index, forward contract or commodity  
The determination of the Cash Settlement Amount due in respect of Warrants indexed on one or more market 
indices, forward contracts or commodities (hereinafter the “Relevant Underlying Asset”) requires observation 
of the level of this Relevant Underlying Asset as determined and/or published by its administrator according to 
a formula and/or calculation method defined by the latter. The administrator of the Relevant Underlying Asset 
may, where appropriate, significantly change the formula or method of calculation of the Relevant Underlying 
Asset (for example, by changing the components thereof), make any other significant changes to the Relevant 
Underlying Asset, permanently cancel the Relevant Underlying Asset or fail to publish the level of the Relevant 
Underlying Asset necessary to determine the settlement amount due in respect of the Warrants. An 
Administrator/Benchmark Event can also occur. These various events constitute adjustment events for the 
Relevant Underlying Asset.  
Should such adjustment event occur for the Relevant Underlying Asset, the Calculation Agent may, at its 
discretion, (i) calculate the level of the Relevant Underlying Asset in accordance with the formula and

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
calculation method of the Relevant Underlying Asset in force prior to such adjustment, (ii) replace the Relevant 
Underlying Asset with a modified Relevant Underlying Asset or a new Relevant Underlying Asset, or (iii) 
require the Issuer to settle the Warrants early at an Early Settlement Amount (equal to the fair market value of 
the Warrants based on the market conditions prevailing at the date of determination less, except if Unwind Costs 
or, in the case of Credit Linked Warrants, Credit Unwind Costs, are specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, any reasonable expenses and costs of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and 
funding arrangements), as determined by the Calculation Agent at its sole discretion. 
The determination of the level of the Relevant Underlying Asset or its replacement by the Calculation Agent 
following the occurrence of an adjustment event may have a significant impact on the amount paid in respect 
of the settlement of the Warrants. Moreover, the Early Settlement Amount determined at fair value may be less 
than the Cash Settlement Amount initially set out in the Final Terms of the Warrants. As a result, the settlement 
made may be less than the amount initially anticipated and the Warrantholders may lose all or some of their 
investment. 
Risks related to the adjustment of one or more currencies in the event of a Price Source Disruption or a 
Substantial Rate Discrepancy for Currency Warrants 
The determination of the Cash Settlement Amount due for the Currency Warrants requires the observation of 
the exchange rate of one or more currencies versus one or more other currencies. 
Adjustment events may occur and impact the method of determination of the applicable Exchange Rate. Such 
adjustment events may occur if there is an event or situation in which, once it ends, it becomes impossible to 
obtain the Reference Exchange Rate or Rates, notably if an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs (a Price 
Source Disruption) or if the discrepancy between the applicable Comparison Rates is greater than the 
Maximum Rate Discrepancy specified in the applicable Final Terms (a Substantial Rate Discrepancy). 
Should any such adjustment event occur, the Calculation Agent may at its discretion (i) defer the FX 
Determination Date (for a maximum number of days specified in the applicable Final Terms), (ii) use a Fallback 
Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (iii) determine in a commercially reasonable way the 
applicable FX, taking into account all available information which, in good faith, it deems suitable.  
Such postponement of the FX Determination Date, replacement or determination of the exchange rate by the 
Calculation Agent could have a material impact on the Cash Settlement Amount due in respect of the Warrants. 
Consequently, it is possible that, following a Price Source Disruption or a Substantial Rate Discrepancy, no 
settlement will be made or the settlement made will be less than the amount initially anticipated by the 
Warrantholders in accordance with the Conditions. 
Risks related to the inability to observe the price, value or level of the Underlying in the event of a Market 
Disruption Event 
Determination of the Cash Settlement Amount due in respect of the Warrants requires observation of the price, 
value or level of the Underlying(s) in the relevant market(s) or from a particular source of information. Market 
Disruption Events for these markets may occur and prevent the Calculation Agent from making such 
determinations.  
Such Market Disruption Events may occur if the relevant market or markets do not open during their normal 
trading sessions or close early or in the event of the suspension or restriction of trading imposed by the relevant 
markets or more generally in the event of the disruption or reduced ability of the participants in such markets to 
trade on the affected Underlying(s). 
Should any such Market Disruption Event occur, the Calculation Agent shall postpone the observation of the 
price, value or level of the Underlying(s) until the next following Scheduled Trading Day on the relevant 
market(s) that is not a Disrupted Day or, as the case may be, especially if the Calculation Agent must determine 
an average of the prices, values or levels of the relevant Underlying(s), to the first succeeding Valid Date that 
is not a specified Averaging Date. If the Market Disruption Event continues, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in good faith the price, value or level of the affected Underlying(s). 
The price, value or level of the affected Underlying(s) may be significantly different from the price, value or 
level published immediately prior to the occurrence of the Market Disruption Event.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
If the determination of the Cash Settlement Amount due in respect of the Warrants requires observation of the 
price, value or level of the Underlying(s) in the relevant markets for a predetermined period, the Calculation 
Agent may have to disregard the relevant day when calculating the Cash Settlement Amount owed in respect of 
the Warrants.  
Postponing observation of the price, the value or the level of the Underlying(s), or ignoring the day on which a 
Market Disruption Event occurred, may reduce some or all of the Cash Settlement Amount as well as the market 
value of the Warrants. This risk will be exacerbated in the event of significant volatility of the affected 
Underlying(s). Consequently, an investor could then face non-settlement or settlement below the amount it 
initially anticipated in accordance with the Conditions. 
Risks related to the Calculation Agent’s discretionary power  
The Calculation Agent, being responsible for making the determinations and adjustments required for the 
Warrants, has the discretionary power to make the calculations, observations and adjustments set forth in the 
Conditions and is not required to act in the interests of Warrantholders. The Calculation Agent’s decisions may 
also, subject to the Conditions of the Warrants, result in an early settlement of the Warrants. 
Pursuant to the Conditions (including, but not limited to, Condition 20.5(d)(ii) (Consequences), Condition 
21.7(b) (Consequences), Condition 24.5 (Succession Event) and Condition 24.6 (General provisions concerning 
CLWs)), the Calculation Agent has discretion to modify the Conditions or the terms of the Warrants without the 
consent of the Warrantholders. 
All decisions taken by the Calculation Agent are binding on the Issuer, the Warrantholders and, where 
applicable, the Guarantor. 
Given the discretionary nature of the decisions taken by the Calculation Agent, it is possible that they do not 
correspond to the investors' expectations and that the amounts determined or calculations made by the 
Calculation Agent affect the value and level of settlement of the Warrants in a way that is unfavourable to 
investors, in particular if the financial terms and conditions relating to one or more Underlyings are adjusted or, 
if applicable, in the event of the substitution of one or more Underlyings. Such adjustments could result in a 
non-settlement or settlement below the amount initially anticipated by the investors in accordance with the 
Conditions. In addition, the early settlement amount payable may be predetermined, determined pursuant to a 
formula or strategy, determined to be the market value of the Warrants or otherwise determined as set out in the 
terms of the Warrants and as a result, an investor could face non-settlement or settlement below the amount that 
it initially anticipated in accordance with the Conditions. 
Risks related to the determination method Cash Settlement for Credit Linked Warrants 
In case of occurrence of one or more Credit Events in respect of one or more Reference Entities underlying a 
Credit Linked Warrant for which CS (ie. the cash settlement method) is stated as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the formula for determining the Cash Settlement Amount comprises the Final Price or the 
Weighted Average Final Price, which is either predetermined or determined using one or more Quotations 
obtained from one or more Dealers.  
A Quotation represents a firm or indicative offer to purchase by a Dealer. The price quoted is determined at the 
sole and absolute discretion of the Dealer in light of economic and legal parameters. The Calculation Agent, 
which may under certain circumstances deliver a Quotation, chooses at its sole and absolute discretion the 
Dealer(s) called to give one or more Quotations.  
Following a Credit Event Determination Date, the Issuer is entitled to select one or more Valuation Obligations 
for valuation which have the lowest (or highest) value in the market at the relevant time, provided such 
obligation satisfies certain specifications and limits for qualification as a Valuation Obligation. This could result 
in a lower (or higher) recovery value and therefore greater losses for Warrantholders. 
Since the Final Price or Weighted Average Final Price is determined using the criteria detailed herein, the Cash 
Settlement Amount received by the investor may be substantially different to the Cash Settlement Amount 
initially anticipated by the investor.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Risks related to the determination method Auction Settlement for Credit Linked Warrants 
In case of occurrence of one or more Credit Events in respect of one or more Reference Entities underlying a 
Credit Linked Warrant for which Auction Settlement is specified as the Settlement Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the formula for determining the AS Amount (ie. the auction settlement amount) comprises the Auction 
Final Price, which will be determined in the relevant Auction Settlement Transaction Terms. 
The Auction Final Price may be different to the market value that would otherwise have been determined in 
respect of the specified Reference Entity or its obligations which will lead to a different return to 
Warrantholders. In particular, the Auction process may be affected by technical factors or operational errors, 
which would not otherwise apply or may be the subject of actual or attempted manipulation. Neither the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer nor any of their respective affiliates has any responsibility for verifying that any 
Auction price is reflective of current market values, for establishing any Auction methodology or for verifying 
that any Auction has been conducted in accordance with its rules. Warrantholders will have no right to submit 
bids and/or offers in an Auction solely by virtue of holding Credit Linked Warrants. Neither the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer nor any of their respective affiliates has any responsibility to dispute any determination of an 
Auction Final Price.  
Following a “Restructuring” Credit Event in relation to which there are one or more concurrent Auctions, the 
Calculation Agent may elect that the Auction Final Price is determined by reference to any concurrent Auction. 
Therefore, the Auction Final Price so determined may be different from the amount which would have been 
otherwise determined or as might have otherwise been expected by the Warrantholder. 
Where the Credit Linked Warrants are settled following the occurrence of a Credit Event by reference to an 
Auction, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or its affiliates may act as a participating bidder in any such Auction 
and, in such capacity, may take certain actions which may influence the Auction Final Price including (without 
limitation) submitting bids, offers and physical settlement requests with respect to the obligations of the 
Reference Entity. If the Issuer or its affiliates participate in an Auction, then they will do so without regard to 
the interests of Warrantholders, and such participation may have a material adverse effect on the outcome of the 
relevant Auction and/or on the Credit Linked Warrants. 
Risks associated with Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
The institutions which are members of each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee owe no duty to the 
Warrantholders and have the ability to make determinations that may materially affect the Warrantholders, such 
as the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Succession Event. A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
may be able to make determinations without action or knowledge of the Warrantholders. Warrantholders may 
have no recourse against either the institutions serving on a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or 
the external reviewers. 
Warrantholders may have no role in the composition of any Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
Separate criteria apply with respect to the selection of institutions to serve on a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee and the Warrantholders may have no role in establishing such criteria. In addition, 
the composition of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will change from time to time in accordance 
with the rules of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, as the term of an institution may expire or 
an institution may be required to be replaced. The Warrantholders may have no control over the process for 
selecting institutions to participate on a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and, to the extent 
provided for in the Credit Linked Warrants, will be subject to the determinations made by such selected 
institutions in accordance with the rules of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
Warrantholders should also be aware that institutions serving on a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee have no duty to research or verify the veracity of information on which a specific determination is 
based. In addition, a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is not obligated to follow previous 
determinations and, therefore, could reach a conflicting determination on a similar set of facts. If the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any of their respective affiliates serve as a member of a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee at any time, then they will act without regard to the interests of the Warrantholders. 
In certain circumstances, for example where (i) a Credit Event has occurred and the related credit loss has not 
been determined as at the relevant date for payment, (ii) where a potential Credit Event exists as at the Scheduled

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Expiration Date of the Credit Linked Warrants, or (iii) pending a resolution of a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee, payment of a Settlement Amount in respect of the Credit Linked Warrants may be 
deferred for a material period in whole or part without compensation to the Warrantholders. Warrantholders 
should be aware in no event shall interest accrue or any other compensation become payable as a consequence 
of such suspension or deferral. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that, under the terms of the Credit Linked Warrants, the obligations of the 
parties would be suspended pending a resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee all of the 
obligations of the Issuer under each Credit Linked Warrant (including any obligation to deliver any notices, pay 
any interest, principal or settlement amount or to make any delivery) shall be and remain suspended until ISDA 
publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has resolved the matter in 
question or has resolved not to determine the matter in question. The Calculation Agent will provide notice of 
such suspension as soon as reasonably practicable; however, any failure or delay by the Calculation Agent in 
providing such notice will not affect the validity or effect of such suspension. Holders of such Credit Linked 
Warrants should be aware in no event shall interest accrue or any other compensation become payable as a 
consequence of such suspension or deferral. 
Warrantholders are responsible for obtaining information relating to deliberations of a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. Notices of questions referred to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, 
meetings held to deliberate such questions and the results of binding votes will be published on the Credit 
Derivatives 
Determinations 
Committee’s 
website 
(currently 
located 
at: 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/) and neither the Issuer, the Calculation Agent nor any of their 
respective affiliates shall be obliged to inform the Warrantholders of such information. Failure by the 
Warrantholders to be aware of information relating to deliberations of a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee will have no effect under the Credit Linked Warrants and Warrantholders are solely responsible for 
obtaining any such information. 
The 
rules 
of 
the 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Determinations 
Committee 
(https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/dc-rules/), as they exist as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
may be amended from time to time without the consent or input of the Warrantholders and the powers of the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may be expanded or modified as a result. 
Risks relating to the occurrence of a CDS Trigger Event for CLWs 
If CDS Trigger Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms relating to a CLW, then a CDS 
Trigger Event shall occur if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a specified credit default swap spread 
level referring to a reference entity (the “Reference Entity CDS”) is, on any CLW Business Day in a specified 
Observation Period, greater than the relevant trigger level specified in the applicable Final Terms. In 
determining such Reference Entity CDS spread level, the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain quotes from 
Dealers and apply a specified methodology. If the Calculation Agent does not receive at least one firm offer or 
at least three indicative offers, then a CDS Trigger Event shall be deemed to have occurred. If a CDS Trigger 
Event occurs, the CLW shall be settled on the CDS Trigger Event Settlement Date at an amount (referred to as 
the “CDS Trigger Event Settlement Amount”) determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, based on the fair market value of the CLW (or relevant proportion thereof) at the date of 
determination and adjusted to account for, among other things, the cost of unwinding any relevant hedging 
arrangements. Such CDS Trigger Event Settlement Amount could be significantly less than the anticipated 
settlement amount under the CLW. In the worst case, the CDS Trigger Event Settlement Amount could be zero. 
The risk that a CDS Trigger Event occurs depends on the ability of the Calculation Agent to obtain offers from 
Dealers and the level of such offers. The offers that a Dealer is prepared to provide, or a Dealer’s decision not 
to provide an offer, will generally be influenced by, among other things, prevailing market conditions and 
liquidity. 
The Unwind Costs and/or Credit Unwind Costs will be determined by the Calculation Agent and may result 
in significant losses for Warrantholders 
In the event of an early settlement of the Warrants, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Early Settlement 
Amount of the Warrants, which may be less than the Settlement Amount initially anticipated by the investors 
given the valuation of the Warrants and which may be reduced by Unwind Costs and/or Credit Unwind Costs, 
where applicable.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
The Unwind Costs and/or Credit Unwind Costs will be determined by the Calculation Agent and may result in 
significant losses for Warrantholders. 
The Credit Unwind Costs may comprise costs, expenses (including any funding arrangements and/or any 
financing loss), taxes and fees incurred by the Issuer and its affiliates in relation to the settlement of Warrants 
and the unwinding, cancellation, settlement or related restoration of any Hedge Transaction, and may be 
substantial. 
If the “Non-Standard Credit Unwind Costs” clause is stipulated as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Credit Unwind Costs shall be as set out above plus all costs, expenses (including financing loss), 
taxes and fees incurred by the Issuer and its affiliates in relation to the unwinding, cancellation, termination, 
settlement or related restoration of any Internal Currency Swap thereby reducing further any amount to be paid 
to Warrantholders.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
CONDITIONS RELATING TO THE CONSENT OF THE ISSUERS TO THE USE OF THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS 
Certain Tranches of Warrants with a minimum investment amount per investor of less than EUR100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency) may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the 
obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to as a “Public 
Offer”. 
Restrictions on Public Offers of Warrants in relevant States 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Public Offers of Warrants in any or all of 
Luxembourg, Finland, Sweden, Denmark, Ireland, Italy, Norway, Belgium and France (each specified State a 
“Public Offer Jurisdiction” and together the “Public Offer Jurisdictions”). Any person making or intending 
to make a Public Offer of Warrants on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only with the relevant 
Issuer’s consent to the use of this Base Prospectus as provided under “Consent given in accordance with Article 
5.1 of the Prospectus Regulation” below and provided such person complies with the conditions attached to that 
consent. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5.1 of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of a Public Offer of Warrants, the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (for Warrants issued by 
Natixis Structured Issuance) accept responsibility, in each of the Public Offer Jurisdictions, for the content of 
this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an “Investor”) who purchases any Warrants in a Public Offer 
made by a Manager or an Authorised Offeror (as defined below), where that offer is made during the Offer 
Period specified in the applicable Final Terms and provided that the conditions attached to the giving of consent 
for the use of this Base Prospectus are complied with. The consent and conditions attached to it are set out under 
“Consent” and “Common Conditions to Consent” below. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor (for Warrants issued by Natixis Structured Issuance) or any Manager makes 
any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules 
or other applicable regulatory or securities law requirements in relation to any Public Offer and none of the 
Issuers or any Manager has any responsibility or liability for the actions of that Authorised Offeror. 
Except in the circumstances set out in the following paragraphs, none of the Issuers nor the Guarantor 
(for Warrants issued by Natixis Structured Issuance) has authorised the making of any Public Offer by 
any offeror and none of the Issuers has consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person 
in connection with any Public Offer of Warrants. Any Public Offer made without the consent of the 
relevant Issuer is unauthorised and none of the Issuers, the Guarantor (for Warrants issued by Natixis 
Structured Issuance) and, for the avoidance of doubt, any Manager accepts any responsibility or liability 
in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. If, in the 
context of a Public Offer, an Investor is offered Warrants by a person who is not an Authorised Offeror, the 
Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the purposes 
of the relevant Public Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt about whether it can 
rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should take legal advice. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (b)(ii), (b)(iii) and (c) below are together the “Authorised 
Offerors” and each an “Authorised Offeror”. 
Consent 
In connection with each Tranche of Warrants and subject to the conditions set out below under “Common 
Conditions to Consent”: 
Non-consent 
(a) 
if Specific Consent and General Consent are specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer does not consent to the use by any financial intermediary of the Base Prospectus in 
connection with a Public Offer of Warrants;

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Specific Consent 
(b) 
the relevant Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, 
if applicable) in connection with a Public Offer of such Warrants by: 
(i) 
the relevant Manager(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and 
whose name is published on NATIXIS’ website (https://equityderivatives.natixis.com/en/) and 
identified as an Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Public Offer; and 
General Consent 
(c) 
if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies “General Consent” as “Applicable”, the 
relevant Issuer hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as 
at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Public Offer of Warrants by any other financial 
intermediary which satisfies the following conditions: 
(i) 
it is authorised to make such offers under applicable legislation implementing MiFID II; and 
(ii) 
it accepts the relevant Issuer’s offer to grant consent to the use of this Base Prospectus by 
publishing on its website the following statement (with the information in square brackets duly 
completed) (“the Acceptance Statement”): 
“We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [insert title of relevant 
Warrants] (the “Warrants”) described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the “Final 
Terms”) published by [NATIXIS/Natixis Structured Issuance] (the “Issuer”). In consideration 
of the Issuer offering to grant its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the 
Final Terms) in connection with the offer of the Warrants in [specify State(s)] during the Offer 
Period and subject to the other conditions to such consent, each as specified in the Base 
Prospectus, we hereby accept the offer by the Issuer in accordance with the Authorised Offeror 
Terms (as specified in the Base Prospectus) and confirm that we are using the Base Prospectus 
accordingly.” 
The “Authorised Offeror Terms”, being the terms to which the relevant financial intermediary 
agrees in connection with using this Base Prospectus, are that the relevant financial 
intermediary: 
(A) 
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor (for Warrants issued by Natixis Structured Issuance) and the 
relevant Dealer that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Public Offer: 
I. 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all 
applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory 
bodies (the “Rules”) from time to time, including, without limitation and in 
each case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any 
investment in the Warrants by any person and disclosure to any potential 
Investor; 
II. 
comply with the restrictions set out under “Offering and Sale” in this Base 
Prospectus which would apply if the relevant financial intermediary were a 
Dealer and consider the relevant manufacturer’s target market assessment and 
distribution channels identified under the “MiFID II product governance” 
legend set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
III. 
consider the relevant manufacturer’s target market assessment and distribution 
channels identified under the “MiFID II product governance” legend set out in 
the Base Prospectus;

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
IV. 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) or 
rebate received or paid by the relevant financial intermediary in relation to the 
offer or sale of the Warrants does not violate the Rules and, to the extent 
required by the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to Investors or potential 
Investors; 
V. 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection 
with solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Warrants under the 
Rules; 
VI. 
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, fight against terrorism, anti-
bribery, anti-corruption and “know your client” Rules (including, without 
limitation, taking appropriate steps, in compliance with such Rules, to establish 
and document the identity of each potential Investor prior to initial investment 
in any Warrants by the Investor), and will not permit any application for 
Warrants in circumstances where the financial intermediary has any suspicion 
as to the source of the application monies; 
VII. 
retain Investor identification records for at least the minimum period required 
under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested, and to the extent permitted 
by the Rules, make such records available to the relevant Manager, the relevant 
Issuer and the Guarantor (for Warrants issued by Natixis Structured Issuance) 
or directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor (for Warrants issued by Natixis Structured Issuance) 
and/or the relevant Manager in order to enable the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (for Warrants issued by Natixis Structured Issuance) and/or the 
relevant Manager to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-
corruption and “know your client” Rules applying to the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (for Warrants issued by Natixis Structured Issuance) and the 
relevant Dealer, as the case may be; 
VIII. 
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (for Warrants issued by Natixis Structured Issuance) or the relevant 
Manager to breach any Rule or subject the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (for 
Warrants issued by Natixis Structured Issuance) or the relevant Dealer to any 
requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any 
jurisdiction; 
IX. 
immediately inform the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (for Warrants issued by 
Natixis Structured Issuance) and the relevant Manager if at any time it becomes 
aware, or suspects, that it is or may be in violation of any Rules and take all 
appropriate steps to remedy such violation and comply with such Rules in all 
respects; 
X. 
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under “Common 
Conditions to Consent” below and any further requirements or other 
Authorised Offeror Terms relevant to the Public Offer as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
XI. 
make available to each potential Investor in the Warrants this Base Prospectus 
(as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), the applicable Final 
Terms and any applicable information booklet provided by the relevant Issuer 
for such purpose, and not convey or publish any information that is not 
contained in or entirely consistent with this Base Prospectus and the applicable 
Final Terms; 
XII. 
if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than this Base Prospectus 
or any other materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf 
of the relevant Issuer for the purposes of the relevant Public Offer) in

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
connection with the relevant Public Offer, ensure that such communication (A) 
is fair, clear and not misleading and complies with the Rules, (B) states that 
such financial intermediary has provided such communication independently 
of the relevant Issuer, that such financial intermediary is solely responsible for 
such communication and that none of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (for 
Warrants issued by Natixis Structured Issuance) and the relevant Manager 
accepts any responsibility for such communication and (C) does not, without 
the prior written consent of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant 
Manager (as applicable), use the legal or publicity names of the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor (for Warrants issued by Natixis Structured Issuance) or the 
relevant Dealer or any other name, brand or logo registered by an entity within 
their respective groups or any material over which any such entity retains a 
proprietary interest, except to describe the relevant Issuer as issuer of the 
relevant Warrants and the Guarantor as the guarantor of the relevant Warrants 
issued by Natixis Structured Issuance on the basis set out in this Base 
Prospectus; 
XIII. 
ensure that no holder of Warrants or potential Investor in Warrants shall 
become an indirect or direct client of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (for 
Warrants issued by Natixis Structured Issuance) or the relevant Dealer for the 
purposes of any applicable Rules from time to time, and, to the extent that any 
client obligations are created by the relevant financial intermediary under any 
applicable Rules, then such financial intermediary shall perform any such 
obligations so arising; 
XIV. 
co-operate with the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (for Warrants issued by 
Natixis Structured Issuance) and the relevant Manager in providing relevant 
information (including, without limitation, documents and records maintained 
pursuant to paragraph (VI) above) and such further assistance as is reasonably 
requested upon written request from the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (for 
Warrants issued by Natixis Structured Issuance) or the relevant Dealer in each 
case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, in any event, within any time 
frame set by any such regulator or regulatory process. For this purpose, 
relevant information is information that is available to or can be acquired by 
the relevant financial intermediary: 
(i) 
in connection with any request or investigation by any regulator in 
relation to the Warrants, the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (for 
Warrants issued by Natixis Structured Issuance) or the relevant 
Manager; and/or 
(ii) 
in connection with any complaints received by the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (for Warrants issued by Natixis Structured Issuance) and/or 
the relevant Manager relating to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (for 
Warrants issued by Natixis Structured Issuance) and/or the relevant 
Manager or another Authorised Offeror including, without limitation, 
complaints as defined in the Rules; and/or 
(iii) 
which the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (for Warrants issued by 
Natixis Structured Issuance) or the relevant Dealer may reasonably 
require from time to time in relation to the Warrants and/or to allow 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (for Warrants issued by Natixis 
Structured Issuance) or the relevant Manager fully to comply with its 
own legal, tax and regulatory requirements; 
XV. 
during the period of the initial offering of the Warrants: (i) only sell the 
Warrants at the Issue Price specified in the applicable Final Terms (unless 
otherwise agreed with the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer); (ii) only sell

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
the Warrants for settlement on the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; (iii) not appoint any sub-distributors (unless otherwise agreed with the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Manager); (iv) not pay any fee or remuneration 
or commissions or benefits to any third parties in relation to the offering or sale 
of the Warrants (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Manager); and (v) comply with such other rules of conduct as may be 
reasonably required and specified by the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Manager; and 
XVI. 
either (i) obtain from each potential Investor an executed application for the 
Warrants or (ii) keep a record of all requests the relevant financial intermediary 
(x) makes for its discretionary management clients, (y) receives from its 
advisory clients and (z) receives from its execution-only clients, in each case 
prior to making any order for the Warrants on their behalf, and in each case 
maintain the same on its files for so long as is required by any applicable Rules; 
(B) 
agrees and undertakes to each of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (for Warrants issued 
by Natixis Structured Issuance) and the relevant Manager that if it or any of its 
respective directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and controlling persons 
(each a “Relevant Party”) incurs any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, charges, 
expenses, actions or demands (including reasonable costs of investigation and any 
defence raised thereto and counsel’s fees and disbursements associated with any such 
investigation or defence) (a “Loss”) arising out of or in relation to, or in connection 
with, any breach of any of the foregoing agreements, representations, warranties or 
undertakings by the relevant financial intermediary, including (without limitation) any 
unauthorised action by the relevant financial intermediary or failure by it to observe 
any of the above restrictions or requirements or the making by it of any unauthorised 
representation or the giving or use by it of any information which has not been 
authorised for such purposes by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (for Warrants issued 
by Natixis Structured Issuance) of the relevant Manager, the relevant financial 
intermediary shall pay to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (for Warrants issued by 
Natixis Structured Issuance) or the relevant Dealer, as the case may be, an amount equal 
to the Loss. None of the Issuers, the Guarantor (for Warrants issued by Natixis 
Structured Issuance) or any Manager shall have any duty or obligation, whether as 
fiduciary or trustee for any Relevant Party or otherwise, to recover any such payment 
or to account to any other person for any amounts paid to it under this provision; and 
(C) 
agrees and accepts that: 
I. 
the contract between the relevant Issuer and the relevant financial intermediary 
formed upon acceptance by the relevant financial intermediary of the relevant 
Issuer’s offer to use this Base Prospectus with its consent in connection with 
the relevant Public Offer (the “Authorised Offeror Contract”), and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised 
Offeror Contract, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
English law; 
II. 
subject to (IV) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror 
Contract (including any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) (a 
“Dispute”) and the relevant Issuer and the relevant financial intermediary 
submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts; 
III. 
for the purposes of (C)(II) and (IV), the relevant financial intermediary waives 
any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient 
or inappropriate forum to settle any dispute;

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
IV. 
to the extent allowed by law, the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (for Warrants 
issued by Natixis Structured Issuance) and each relevant Manager may, in 
respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with 
jurisdiction and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions; and 
V. 
the Guarantor (for Warrants issued by Natixis Structured Issuance) and each 
relevant Manager will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 
1999, be entitled to enforce those provisions of the Authorised Offeror 
Contract which are, or are expressed to be, for their benefit, including the 
agreements, representations, warranties, undertakings and indemnity given by 
the financial intermediary pursuant to the Authorised Offeror Terms. 
Any Authorised Offeror falling within (c) above who meets the conditions set out in (b) and the other 
conditions stated in “Common Conditions to Consent” below and who wishes to use this Base Prospectus 
in connection with a Public Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish on 
its website the Acceptance Statement. 
Common Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the relevant Issuer’s consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in the context of the relevant 
Public Offer are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (c) above if Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms specifies “General Consent” as “Applicable”) that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Public Offers of the relevant Tranche of 
Warrants in the Public Offer Jurisdictions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The consent referred to above only relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within twelve (12) months from 
the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The only relevant States which may, in respect of any Tranche of Warrants, be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (if any relevant Member States of the EEA or the UK are so specified), as indicated in (ii) above, will be 
the Public Offer Jurisdictions, and accordingly each Tranche of Warrants may only be offered to Investors as 
part of a Public Offer in the Public Offer Jurisdictions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or otherwise 
in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the relevant Issuer or any Manager to publish or supplement 
a prospectus for such offer. 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO PURCHASE OR PURCHASING ANY WARRANTS IN A PUBLIC 
OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH 
WARRANTS TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER IN PLACE BETWEEN 
SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR, INCLUDING ARRANGEMENTS IN 
RELATION TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT. AUTHORISED 
OFFERORS WILL PROVIDE INFORMATION ON THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
OFFER TO INVESTORS THROUGH OUT THE OFFER PERIOD. THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK 
TO THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE PROVISION OF 
SUCH INFORMATION AND THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH 
INFORMATION. THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH 
SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE PUBLIC OFFER OR SALE OF THE 
WARRANTS CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL 
TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE RELEVANT INFORMATION WILL 
BE PROVIDED BY THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER. NONE OF 
THE ISSUERS, THE GUARANTOR (FOR WARRANTS ISSUED BY NATIXIS STRUCTURED 
ISSUANCE) AND, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ANY MANAGER HAS ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF THE INFORMATION 
DESCRIBED ABOVE.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Warrants in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Warrants may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. Neither the Issuers nor any Manager represents that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Warrants may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offer. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuers 
or any Manager which would permit a public offering of any Warrants outside Luxembourg or distribution of 
this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Warrants 
may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result 
in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Warrants may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Warrants. For a description of certain further restrictions 
on the offer and sale of Warrants in the United States, the EEA (including France and Ireland), the United 
Kingdom, Japan, Singapore, Switzerland and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s 
Republic of China (“Hong Kong”) and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “OFFERING AND 
SALE” section. In particular, the Warrants have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended. Warrants, or interests therein, may not at any time be offered, sold, resold or delivered, 
directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person and any offer, 
sale, resale, trade or delivery made, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, a U.S. person will not be recognised.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The pages identified in the cross-reference tables below of the following documents, which have previously 
been published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF 
shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
Documents 
Hyperlinks 
English language version of the first amendment to 
the 2023 universal registration document and half-
yearly financial report of NATIXIS published on 6 
August 2024 and filed with the French Autorité des 
marchés financiers under number D.24-0122-A01 
(the “NATIXIS 2023 URD First Amendment”) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api
/ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/317/ISSUER_FINA
NCIAL_SEARCH  
English 
language 
version 
of 
the 
universal 
registration document and annual financial report of 
NATIXIS for the year ended 31 December 2023 
published on 15 March 2024 and filed with the 
French Autorités des marches financiers under 
number D. 24-0122 
(the “NATIXIS 2023 Universal Registration 
Document”)  
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api
/ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/298/ISSUER_FINA
NCIAL_SEARCH  
English language version of the 2022 universal 
registration document and annual financial report of 
NATIXIS for the year ended 31 December 2022 
published on 23 March 2023 and filed with the 
French Autorité des marchés financiers under 
number D.23-0140 
(the “NATIXIS 2022 Universal Registration 
Document”) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api
/ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/261/ISSUER_FINA
NCIAL_SEARCH 
 
Press release published by NATIXIS on 6 November 
2024 in relation with the appointment of Mohamed 
Kallala and Philppe Setbon as Chief Executive 
Officer and Deputy Chief Executive Officer, 
respectively, of NATIXIS. 
(the “Press release dated 6 November 2024”) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api
/ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/323/ISSUER_FINA
NCIAL_SEARCH 
 
Articles of incorporation of Natixis Structured 
Issuance 
(the “NSI’s Articles of Incorporation”) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api
/ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/4/ISSUER_FINANC
IAL_SEARCH

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Unaudited interim financial statements of Natixis 
Structured Issuance for the half-year period ended 30 
June 2024 
(the “NSI 2024 Interim Accounts”) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api
/ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/316/ISSUER_FINA
NCIAL_SEARCH  
Annual financial statements of Natixis Structured 
Issuance for the financial year ended 31 December 
2023  
(The “NSI 2023 Annual Accounts”) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api
/ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/297/ISSUER_FINA
NCIAL_SEARCH  
Annual financial statements of Natixis Structured 
Issuance for the financial year ended 31 December 
2022  
(The “NSI 2022 Annual Accounts”) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api
/ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/264/ISSUER_FINA
NCIAL_SEARCH  
Base Prospectus dated 13 December 2018 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api
/ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/97/ISSUER_FINAN
CIAL_SEARCH 
Supplement dated 11 March 2019 to the Base 
Prospectus dated 13 December 2018 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api
/ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/98/ISSUER_FINAN
CIAL_SEARCH 
Base Prospectus dated 13 December 2019 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api
/ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/82/PROGRAM_SE
ARCH 
Supplement dated 17 February 2020 to the Base 
Prospectus dated 13 December 2019 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api
/ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/83/PROGRAM_SE
ARCH 
Supplement dated 23 March 2020 to the Base 
Prospectus dated 13 December 2019 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api
/ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/84/PROGRAM_SE
ARCH  
Supplement dated 11 August 2020 to the Base 
Prospectus dated 13 December 2019 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api
/ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/88/PROGRAM_SE
ARCH 
Base Prospectus dated 27 November 2020 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api
/ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/190/ISSUER_FINA
NCIAL_SEARCH

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Supplement dated 29 March 2021 to the Base 
Prospectus dated 27 November 2020 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api
/ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/201/ISSUER_FINA
NCIAL_SEARCH  
Base Prospectus dated 26 November 2021 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api
/ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/204/PROGRAM_SE
ARCH 
Base Prospectus dated 24 November 2022 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api
/ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/250/PROGRAM_SE
ARCH  
Base Prospectus dated 23 November 2023 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api
/ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/289/PROGRAM_SE
ARCH  
Supplement dated 12 April 2024 to the Base 
Prospectus dated 23 November 2023 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api
/ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/302/PROGRAM_SE
ARCH

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
The information from the documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus not included in the cross 
reference tables below does not form part of the Base Prospectus. Non-incorporated parts of the documents 
incorporated by reference are either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Cross Reference Table for NATIXIS: 
Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
2019/980, as amended, supplementing the Prospectus 
Regulation 
NATIXIS 2023 
URD First 
Amendment 
Press release 
dated 6 
November 2024 
NATIXIS 2023 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
NATIXIS 2022 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
2 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
 
 
 
 
2.1 
Names and addresses of the NATIXIS auditors for 
the period covered by the historical financial 
information (together with their membership in a 
professional body). 
192 
N/A 
353 
N/A 
3 
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
3.1 
A description of the material risks that are 
specific to NATIXIS and that may affect the 
NATIXIS’ ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
securities, in a limited number of categories, in a 
section headed ‘Risk Factors’. 
In each category the most material risks, in the 
assessment of NATIXIS, offeror or person asking 
for admission to trading on a regulated market, 
taking into account the negative impact on 
NATIXIS and the probability of their occurrence, 
shall be set out first. The risk factors shall be 
corroborated by the content of the registration 
d
t
33 to 45 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
4 
INFORMATION ABOUT NATIXIS 
 
 
 
 
4.1 
History and development of NATIXIS 
N/A 
N/A 
14 
N/A 
4.1.1 
The legal and commercial name of NATIXIS 
N/A 
N/A 
464 
N/A 
4.1.2 
Place of registration, registration number and 
legal entity identifier (LEI) of NATIXIS 
N/A 
N/A 
464 
N/A 
4.1.3 
Date of incorporation and the length of life of 
NATIXIS 
N/A 
N/A 
464 
N/A 
4.1.4 
Domicile and legal form of NATIXIS, applicable 
legislation, country of incorporation, address 
and telephone number of its registered office and 
website 
1, 193 
N/A 
464 
N/A 
4.1.5 
Details of any recent events particular to 
NATIXIS and which are to a material extent 
relevant to an evaluation of the NATIXIS’ 
solvency 
8 to 20, 126 to 127, 136 
N/A 
235 to 236; 252 
N/A 
4.1.7 
Information on the material changes in the 
issuer’s borrowing and funding structure since 
the last financial year 
54 to 55 
N/A 
128 to 132 
N/A 
4.1.8 
Description of the expected financing of 
NATIXIS’ activities 
54 to 55 
N/A 
128 to 132 
N/A 
5 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
 
 
 
5.1 
Principal activities 
 
 
 
 
5.1.1 
A description of NATIXIS’ principal activities, 
including: 
(a) the main categories of products sold and/or 
services performed; 
(b) an indication of any significant new products 
or activities; 
113 to 123; 174 to 
177 
N/A 
4 to 7; 16 to 19; 326 
to 329 
N/A 
5.2 
The basis for any statements made by NATIXIS 
regarding its competitive position 
113 to 123 
N/A 
16 to 19; 222 to 230 
N/A 
6 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
6.1 
If NATIXIS is part of a group, a brief description 
of the group and the issuer’s position within the 
group. This may be in the form of, or 
accompanied by, a diagram of the organisational 
structure if this helps to clarify the structure 
21 to 22 
N/A 
4-5; 14-15; 354 to 
364  
N/A 
6.2 
If the issuer is dependent upon other entities 
within the group, this must be clearly stated 
together with an explanation of this dependence 
21 to 22 
N/A 
4 to 5; 14 to 15; 354 
to 364  
N/A 
7 
TREND INFORMATION 
 
 
 
 
7.2 
Information on any known trends, uncertainties, 
demands, commitments or events that are 
reasonably likely to have a material effect on 
NATIXIS’ prospects for at least the current 
financial year 
126 to 127; 136 
N/A 
233; 235 to 236; 252  
N/A 
9 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND 
SUPERVISORY BODIES AND SENIOR 
MANAGEMENT 
 
 
 
 
9.1 
Names, business addresses and functions within 
NATIXIS of the following persons and an 
indication of the principal activities performed by 
them outside of NATIXIS where these are 
significant with respect to NATIXIS: 
(a) members of the administrative, management 
or supervisory bodies; 
(b) partners with unlimited liability, in the case of 
a limited partnership with a share capital 
23 to 28 
1 
22 to 69 
N/A 
9.2 
Administrative, management, and supervisory 
bodies’ conflicts of interests 
 
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties 
to NATIXIS, of the persons referred to in item 9.1, 
and their private interests and or other duties 
must be clearly stated. In the event that there are 
no such conflicts, a statement to that effect must 
be made 
N/A 
N/A 
52 
N/A 
10 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
 
 
 
10.1 
To the extent known to NATIXIS, state whether 
NATIXIS is directly or indirectly owned or 
controlled and by whom and describe the nature 
of such control and describe the measures in 
place to ensure that such control is not abused 
183 
N/A 
473 to 474 
N/A 
10.2 
A description of any arrangements, known to 
NATIXIS, the operation of which may at a 
subsequent date result in a change in control of 
NATIXIS 
N/A 
N/A 
473 to 474 
N/A 
11 
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING NATIXIS’ ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL 
POSITION 
AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
 
 
 
11.1 
Historical financial information 
 
 
 
 
11.1.1 
Audited historical financial information covering 
the latest two financial years (or such shorter 
period as NATIXIS has been in operation) and the 
audit report in respect of each year 
N/A 
N/A 
241 to 248 
247 to 254 
11.1.3 
Accounting Standards 
The financial information must be prepared 
according to International Financial Reporting 
Standards as endorsed in the Union based on 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. 
N/A 
N/A 
251 
257 
11.1.6 
Consolidated financial statements 
If NATIXIS prepares both stand-alone and 
consolidated financial statements, include at 
least the consolidated financial statements in the 
registration document 
N/A 
N/A 
241 to 364 
247 to 379 
11.2 
Interim and other financial information

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
11.2.1 
If the issuer has published quarterly or half 
yearly financial information since the date of its 
last audited financial statements, these must be 
included in the registration document. If the 
quarterly or half yearly financial information has 
been reviewed or audited, the audit or review 
report must also be included. If the quarterly or 
half yearly financial information is not audited or 
has not been reviewed state that fact. 
 
If the registration document is dated more than 
nine months after the date of the last audited 
financial statements, it must contain interim 
financial information, which may be unaudited 
(in which case that fact must be stated) covering 
at least the first six months of the financial year. 
 
Interim financial information prepared in 
accordance with either the requirements of the 
Directive 2013/34/EU or Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 as the case may be. 
 
For issuers not subject to either Directive 
2013/34/EU or Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002, 
the interim financial information must include 
comparative statements for the same period in the 
prior financial year, except that the requirement 
for comparative balance sheet information may 
be satisfied by presenting the year’s end balance
130 to 182 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
11.3 
Auditing 
of 
historical 
annual 
financial 
information 
 
 
 
 
11.3.1 
The historical annual financial information must 
be independently audited. The audit report shall 
be prepared in accordance with the Directive 
2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. 
Where Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation 
(EU) No 537/2014 do not apply: 
(a) the historical financial information must be 
audited or reported on as to whether or not, for 
the purposes of the registration document, it 
gives a true and fair view in accordance with 
auditing standards applicable in a Member State 
or an equivalent standard. 
(b) if audit reports on the historical financial 
information contain qualifications, modifications 
of opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis of matter, 
such qualifications, modifications, disclaimers or 
emphasis of matter must be reproduced in full 
and the reasons given. 
N/A 
N/A 
365 to 370 
380 to 386 
11.3.1.a 
Where audit reports on the historical financial  
information have been refused by the statutory 
auditors or where they contain qualifications, 
modifications of opinion, disclaimers or an 
emphasis of matter, the reason must be given, and 
such qualifications, modifications, disclaimers or 
emphasis of matter must be reproduced in full. 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A  
11.4 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
 
 
 
11.4.1 
Information on any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which NATIXIS is aware), during a period 
covering at least the previous 12 months which 
may have, or have had in the recent past 
significant effects on NATIXIS and/or group’s 
financial position or profitability, or provide an 
appropriate negative statement
57 to 59 
N/A 
140 to 143 
N/A 
12. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
 
 
12.1 
Share capital 
 
The amount of the issued capital, the number and 
classes of the shares of which it is composed with 
details of their principal characteristics, the part 
of the issued capital still to be paid up with an 
indication of the number, or total nominal value 
and the type of the shares not yet fully paid up, 
broken down where applicable according to the 
extent to which they have been paid up. 
183 
N/A 
394; 465 
N/A

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
12.2 
Memorandum and Articles of Association 
 
The register and the entry number therein, if 
applicable, and a description of the issuer’s 
objects and purposes and where they can be 
found in the memorandum and articles of 
association
N/A 
N/A 
465 to 469 
N/A 
13 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
 
 
 
 
13.1 
A brief summary of all material contracts that are 
not entered into in the ordinary course of the 
issuer’s business, which could result in any group 
member being under an obligation or an 
entitlement that is material to the issuer’s ability 
to meet its obligations to security holders in 
respect of the securities being issued. 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
 
Cross Reference Table for Natixis Structured Issuance: 
Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
2019/980, as amended, supplementing the Prospectus 
Regulation 
NSI 2024 
Interim 
Accounts 
NSI 2023 
Annual 
Accounts 
NSI 2022 
Annual 
Accounts 
NSI’s Articles of 
Incorporation 
4 
INFORMATION 
ABOUT 
NATIXIS 
STRUCTURED ISSUANCE 
 
 
 
 
4.1.7 
Information on the material changes in Natixis 
Structured Issuance’s borrowing and funding 
structure since the last financial year 
2 to 3 
2 to 5 
N/A 
N/A 
11 
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING NATIXIS STRUCTURED 
ISSUANCE’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS 
 
 
 
 
11.1 
Historical financial information 
 
 
 
 
11.1.1 
Audited 
historical 
financial 
information 
covering the latest two financial years (or such 
shorter period as Natixis Structured Issuance 
has been in operation) and the audit report in 
respect of each year. 
N/A 
2 to 38 
2 to 36 
N/A 
11.1.3 
Accounting Standards 
The financial information must be prepared 
according to International Financial Reporting 
Standards as endorsed in the Union based on 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. 
If Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 is not 
applicable, the financial information must be 
prepared in accordance with either: 
a 
Member 
State’s 
national 
accounting 
standards for issuers from the EEA, as required 
by the Directive 2013/34/EU; 
a third country’s national accounting standards 
equivalent to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 for 
third country issuers. If such third country’s 
national 
accounting 
standards 
are 
not 
equivalent to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002, 
the financial statements shall be restated in 
compliance with that Regulation. 
N/A 
15 to 23 
15 to 23 
N/A 
11.1.5 
Where the audited financial information is 
prepared according to national accounting 
standards, the financial information required 
under this heading must include at least the 
following: 
(a) the balance sheet; 
(b) the income statement; 
(c) the cash flow statement; 
(d) the accounting policies and explanatory 
notes. 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
11.2 
Interim and other financial information 
8 to 36 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
11.2.1 
If Natixis Structured Issuance has published 
quarterly or half yearly financial information 
since the date of its last audited financial 
statements, these must be included in the 
registration document. If the quarterly or half 
yearly financial information has been reviewed 
or audited, the audit or review report must also 
be included. If the quarterly or half yearly 
financial information is not audited or has not 
been reviewed state that fact. 
 
If the registration document is dated more than 
nine months after the date of the last audited 
financial statements, it must contain interim 
financial information, which may be unaudited 
(in which case that fact must be stated) covering 
at least the first six months of the financial year. 
 
Interim financial information prepared in 
accordance with either the requirements of the 
Directive 2013/34/EU or Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 as the case may be. 
 
For issuers not subject to either Directive 
2013/34/EU or Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002, 
the interim financial information must include 
comparative statements for the same period in 
the prior financial year, except that the 
requirement for comparative balance sheet 
information may be satisfied by presenting the 
year’s end balance sheet. 
6 to 7 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
11.3 
Auditing 
of 
historical 
annual 
financial 
information 
 
 
 
 
11.3.1 
The historical annual financial information 
must be independently audited. The audit report 
shall be prepared in accordance with the 
Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) No 
537/2014. 
Where Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation 
(EU) No 537/2014 do not apply: 
(a) the historical financial information must be 
audited or reported on as to whether or not, for 
the purposes of the registration document, it 
gives a true and fair view in accordance with 
auditing standards applicable in a Member 
State or an equivalent standard. 
(b) if audit reports on the historical financial 
information 
contain 
qualifications, 
modifications of opinion, disclaimers or an 
emphasis 
of matter, 
such 
qualifications, 
modifications, disclaimers or emphasis of 
matter must be reproduced in full and the 
reasons given. 
N/A 
6 to 10 
5 to 9 
N/A 
12 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
 
 
12.1  
Share capital 
 
The amount of the issued capital, the number 
and classes of the shares of which it is composed 
with details of their principal characteristics, 
the part of the issued capital still to be paid up 
with an indication of the number, or total 
nominal value and the type of the shares not yet 
fully paid up, broken down where applicable 
according to the extent to which they have been 
paid up. 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
2 
12.2 
Memorandum and Articles of Association  
 
The Register and the entry number therein, if 
applicable, and a description of Natixis 
Structured Issuance’s objects and purposes and 
where they can be found in the memorandum 
and articles of association.  
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
1 to 8

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Cross reference table relating to previous Base Prospectuses:  
Previous Base Prospectuses 
Sections 
Pages 
Base Prospectus dated 13 December 2018 
Base Prospectus dated 13 December 
2018 
Form of Final Terms 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
Additional Terms and Conditions of 
the Warrants 
Annex relating to Proprietary Indices 
66 to 116 
117 to 317 
318 to 343 
 
345 to 393 
Supplement dated 11 March 2019 
Form of Final Terms  
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
Additional Terms and Conditions of 
the Warrants 
14 
15 to 16 
17 
Base Prospectus dated 13 December 2019 
Base Prospectus dated 13 December 
2019 
Form of Final Terms  
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
Additional Terms and Conditions of 
the Warrants 
Annex relating to Proprietary Indices 
45 to 97 
100 to 325 
326 to 349 
 
350 to 393 
Supplement dated 17 February 2020 
Form of Final Terms 
Annex relating to Proprietary Indices 
6 
19 
Supplement dated 23 March 2020 
Form of Final Terms 
Annex relating to Proprietary Indices 
16 to 20 
21 
Supplement dated 11 August 2020 
Form of Final Terms 
16 
Base Prospectus dated 27 November 2020 
Base Prospectus dated 27 November 
2020 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
Additional Terms and Conditions of 
the Warrants 
Annex relating to Proprietary Indices 
Form of Final Terms 
46 to 277 
278 to 300 
 
301 
302 to 355 
Supplement dated 29 March 2021 
Forms of Final Terms 
27 to 29 
Base Prospectus dated 26 November 2021 
Base Prospectus dated 26 November 
2021 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
Additional Terms and Conditions of 
the Warrants 
Annex relating to Proprietary Indices 
Form of Final Terms 
49 to 283 
284 to 319 
 
320 
321 to 382

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
 
Base Prospectus dated 24 November 2022 
Base Prospectus dated 24 November 
2022 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
Additional Terms and Conditions of 
the Warrants 
Annex relating to Proprietary Indices 
Form of Final Terms 
50 to 284 
285 to 319 
 
321 
322 to 383 
Base Prospectus dated 23 November 2023 
Base Prospectus dated 23 November 
2023 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
Additional Terms and Conditions of 
the Warrants 
Annex relating to Proprietary Indices 
Form of Final Terms 
55 to 298 
299 to 335 
 
337 
338 to 400 
Supplement dated 12 April 2024 
Forms of Final Terms 
17 to 18

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
SUPPLEMENT(S) TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS  
Any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in the 
Base Prospectus, which may affect the assessment of any Warrants, and which arises or is noted between the 
time when this Base Prospectus is approved by the CSSF and the closing of the offer period of any Warrants or 
the time when trading on a Regulated Market of any Warrants begins, whichever occurs later, shall be mentioned 
in a supplement to the Base Prospectus prepared by the Issuers without undue delay in accordance with Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation or a base prospectus in replacement for this Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent offer or admission to trading of any Warrants on a Regulated Market. 
Statements contained in any such supplement or replacement base prospectus (or contained in any document 
incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document 
which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, 
except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuers undertake to submit such supplement to the Base Prospectus or replacement base prospectus to the 
CSSF for approval and to provide each Manager and the CSSF with such number of copies of such supplement 
as they may reasonably request.  
In accordance with and pursuant to Article 23.2 of the Prospectus Regulation, in certain circumstances, investors 
who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for the Warrants before the supplement is published shall 
have the right, exercisable within at least two (2) business days after the publication of such supplement 
(provided that such period may be extended by the Issuer), to withdraw their acceptances. The provisions 
governing the exercice of the right of withdrawal are described in the relevant supplement.  
Any supplement to the Base Prospectus or replacement base prospectus will be published on the Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
website 
(www.luxse.com) 
and 
on 
the 
Issuers’ 
website 
(https://cib.natixis.com/Home/pims/Prospectus#/prospectusPublic).

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
Condition 
Page 
1. 
Form, Type, Title, Transfer and Replacement Currency ....................................................................... 56 
2. 
Status ..................................................................................................................................................... 60 
3. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................................. 60 
4. 
Exercise Rights ...................................................................................................................................... 67 
5. 
Exercise Procedure ................................................................................................................................ 71 
6. 
Minimum and Maximum Number of Warrants Exercisable ................................................................. 81 
7. 
Early Settlement .................................................................................................................................... 81 
8. 
Purchases ............................................................................................................................................... 83 
9. 
Agents, Determinations and Modifications ........................................................................................... 83 
10. 
Notices ................................................................................................................................................... 86 
11. 
Expenses and Taxation .......................................................................................................................... 87 
12. 
Further Issues ........................................................................................................................................ 87 
13. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction ........................................................................................................... 87 
14. 
Terms for Single Share Warrants .......................................................................................................... 88 
15. 
Terms for Basket Share Warrants ........................................................................................................ 108 
16. 
Terms for Single Index Warrants ........................................................................................................ 134 
17. 
Terms for Basket Index Warrants ........................................................................................................ 145 
18. 
Terms for Single Commodity Warrants .............................................................................................. 158 
19. 
Terms for Basket Commodity Warrants .............................................................................................. 168 
20. 
Terms for Single Fund Warrants ......................................................................................................... 183 
21. 
Terms for Basket Fund Warrants ........................................................................................................ 202 
22. 
Terms for Rate Warrants ..................................................................................................................... 224 
23. 
Terms for Currency Warrants .............................................................................................................. 233 
24. 
Terms for Credit Linked Warrants ...................................................................................................... 240 
25. 
Terms for Hybrid Warrants ................................................................................................................. 293 
26. 
Calculation Formulae for Formula Warrants (Additional Terms and Conditions of the Warrants) .... 293 
27. 
Substitution of the Issuer (for Natixis Structured Issuance SA only) .................................................. 294 
28. 
Redenomination ................................................................................................................................... 295 
29. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 ...................................................................................... 296 
30. 
Recognition of Bail-in ......................................................................................................................... 296 
 
The following is the text of the Conditions of the Warrants which will, in the case of Materialised Warrants (as 
defined below), be attached to each Global Warrant (as defined below). 
The Warrants of this series (such Warrants being hereinafter referred to as the “Warrants”) are issued pursuant 
to a master warrant agreement dated 21 November 2024 (as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time, the “Warrant Agreement”) between Natixis Structured Issuance and NATIXIS as issuers (each, 
an “Issuer”) and BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch as warrant agent (in such capacity, the “Warrant Agent”, 
which expression shall include any successor warrant agent), registrar (in such capacity, the “Registrar”, which 
expression shall include any successor registrar) and principal paying agent (the “Principal Paying Agent”, 
which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent). NATIXIS shall undertake the duties of 
calculation agent (the “Calculation Agent”) in respect of the Warrants as set out below and in the applicable 
Final Terms unless another entity is so specified as calculation agent in the applicable Final Terms. The 
expression Calculation Agent shall, in relation to the relevant Warrants, include such other specified calculation 
agent. The Warrant Agent, the Registrar, the Calculation Agent and the Issuing and Paying Agents are 
collectively referred to as the “Agents” and each an “Agent”. Additional Agents may be appointed pursuant to 
the Warrant Agreement from time to time. Warrants issued by Natixis Structured Issuance, as Issuer, will have 
the benefit of a guarantee undertaking in the form of a joint and several obligation (cautionnement solidaire) 
dated 23 January 2014, given by NATIXIS (in such capacity, the “Guarantor”) (the “NATIXIS Guarantee”). 
In the case of materialised Warrants (“Materialised Warrants”) represented by a global Warrant in registered 
form (the “Global Warrant”) and held with Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”) and/or Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) (such Warrants, “Materialised Warrants”), no Warrants in definitive form will be

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
issued. The Global Warrant has been deposited with a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) 
common to Clearstream and Euroclear and registered in the name of the Common Depositary, or a nominee on 
its behalf. 
The applicable Final Terms for the Warrants are, in the case of Materialised Warrants, attached to the Global 
Warrant and complete these Conditions. 
References herein to the “applicable Final Terms” are to Part A of the Final Terms or each Final Terms (in the 
case of any further warrants issued pursuant to Condition 12 and forming a single series with the Warrants) 
attached to the Global Warrant. Words and expressions defined in the Warrant Agreement or used in the 
applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context 
otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated. 
References herein to “these Conditions” shall, where the context admits, include (i) the Additional Terms and 
Conditions of the Warrants set out at the end of these Conditions (the “Additional Terms and Conditions”) 
and (ii) Part A of the applicable Final Terms and, in each case, shall be deemed to form part hereof. For the 
avoidance of doubt, terms used but not defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Warrants shall 
have the meaning attributed to them in these Conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Warrants are not 
mutually exclusive with respect to the provisions of these Conditions (other than the Additional Terms and 
Conditions of the Warrants) and all options relating to (without limitation) settlement set out in these Conditions 
(other than the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Warrants) are potentially applicable to all Warrants. The 
terms of the applicable Final Terms shall be construed accordingly. 
In the event of any discrepancy or inconsistency between these Conditions and any provisions of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, the relevant provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions of the 
Warrants shall prevail. 
References herein to the “Issuer” are to Natixis Structured Issuance or to NATIXIS as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Copies of the Warrant Agreement and the applicable Final Terms may be obtained from the specified office of 
the Warrant Agent and any Issuing and Paying Agent set out at the end of these Conditions, save that if the 
relevant Warrants are neither admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in the European Economic Area or in 
the United Kingdom nor offered in the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom in circumstances 
where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will 
only be obtainable by a Warrantholder holding one or more Warrants and such Warrantholder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Warrant Agent or Issuing and Paying Agent (as the case may be) as to its holding 
of such Warrants and identity. 
The Warrantholders are entitled to the benefit of and are deemed to have notice of and are bound by all the 
provisions of the Warrant Agreement (insofar as they relate to the Warrants) and the applicable Final Terms, 
which are applicable to them. 
References to “Global Warrants” or references to any terms and conditions being attached to or endorsed on the 
Warrants or similar expressions contained in the introductory paragraphs shall not apply to Dematerialised 
Warrants and the text of the terms and conditions that apply to Dematerialised Warrants shall be those set out 
in these Conditions as modified, as applicable, by the provisions herein relating to Dematerialised Warrants and 
as completed by the provisions of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer may enter into (a) an agreement with a local issuing agent (the “Issuing Agent”) in each applicable 
jurisdiction in connection with the issue of Dematerialised Warrants or (b) an agreement with a local paying 
agent (the “Local Paying Agent”) in respect of payments to be made in the relevant jurisdiction, each as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Warrants may be issued either in full on the Issue Date or over time “up to” a specified maximum number of 
Warrants.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
1. 
Form, Type, Title, Transfer and Replacement Currency 
1.1 
Form of the Warrants 
The form of the Warrants, which may be Materialised Warrants or Dematerialised Warrants, shall be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Materialised Warrants 
Materialised Warrants are Warrants issued in registered form represented on issue by the Global 
Warrant in registered form and title thereto shall depend upon the records of Euroclear and Clearstream 
as provided in Condition 1.3. No Warrants in definitive form shall be issued. 
Dematerialised Warrants 
Dematerialised Warrants are issued in registered, dematerialised and uncertificated book-entry form in 
accordance with: 
(a) 
the Finnish Act on Book-Entry Securities System and Clearing Operations (laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta 16.6.2017/348), the Finnish Act on Book-Entry 
Accounts (laki arvo-osuustileistä 17.5.1991/827) and the rules and regulations of Euroclear 
Finland (the “Finnish Warrants”); 
(b) 
the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act (in Norwegian: verdipapirsentralloven) 
dated 15 March 2019 no. 6 and the rules and regulations of Euronext VPS, in each case as 
amended or replaced from time to time (the “Norwegian Warrants”); 
(c) 
the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag 
(1998:1479) om centrala värdepappersförvarare och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) 
(“Swedish Warrants”); 
(d) 
art. 973c of the Swiss Code of Obligations of 30 March 1911, as amended, the Swiss Federal 
Act on Intermediated Securities of 3 October 2008, as amended and the regulations of SIX SIS 
AG (“SIS”) (“Swiss Warrants”); or 
(e) 
the Danish Consolidated Act on Capital Markets (in Danish: Kapitalmarkedsloven) no. 198 of 
26 February 2024, as amended, executive orders issued pursuant thereto, and rules issued by 
Euronext Securities Copenhagen (legal name: VP SECURITIES A/S) (“Euronext Securities 
Copenhagen”) that are in force and effect from time to time (“Danish Warrants”), 
in each case in the Settlement Currency for the relevant Warrants. 
No physical document of title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised Warrants and the provisions 
in these Conditions relating to presentation, surrender, replacement or similar expressions or provisions 
of and/or relating to Warrants shall not apply to such Warrants. 
The applicable law regarding title with respect to the Dematerialised Warrants will be: 
(i) Finnish law as regards Finnish Warrants; 
(ii) Norwegian law as regards Norwegian Warrants; 
(iii) Swedish law as regards Swedish Warrants; 
(iv) Swiss law as regards Swiss Warrants; and 
(v) Danish law as regards Danish Warrants. 
In the case of Swiss Warrants, Dematerialised Warrants will be registered with SIS based on an 
agreement concluded between SIS and the Swiss Issuing and Paying Agent. Pursuant to Condition 13 
(subject as otherwise provided in the Conditions) such Dematerialised Warrants and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such Dematerialised Warrants will be

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
governed and shall be construed in accordance with English law. Once registered in SIS’s main register 
and entered into the accounts of one or more participants of the clearing system, such Dematerialised 
Warrants will constitute Swiss intermediated securities (Bucheffekten). 
1.2 
Type of Warrants 
The Warrants are Single Share Warrants, Basket Share Warrants, Single Index Warrants, Basket Index 
Warrants, Single Commodity Warrants, Basket Commodity Warrants, Single Fund Warrants, Basket 
Fund Warrants, Rate Warrants, Credit Linked Warrants, Hybrid Warrants or any other or further type 
or combination of warrants (including Currency Warrants) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Certain terms which will apply to Single Share Warrants, Basket Share Warrants, Single Index 
Warrants, Basket Index Warrants, Single Commodity Warrants, Basket Commodity Warrants, Single 
Fund Warrants, Basket Fund Warrants, Rate Warrants, Currency Warrants, Credit Linked Warrants and 
Hybrid Warrants are set out, respectively, in Conditions 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24 and 
25. 
References in these Conditions to “underlyings” and the “Underlying” shall be deemed to include 
Shares, Indices, Commodities, currency(ies), Funds, an interest rate(s) or any combination thereof or 
Basket thereof. 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Warrants are American style Warrants 
(“American Style Warrants”), European style Warrants (“European Style Warrants”) or Bermudan 
style Warrants (“Bermudan Style Warrants”), whether automatic exercise (“Automatic Exercise”) 
applies to the Warrants, whether the Warrants are open-ended Warrants (“Open-ended Warrants”), 
whether settlement shall be by way of cash payment (“Cash Settled Warrants”) or physical delivery 
(“Physical Delivery Warrants”), whether settlement by way of cash payment will be made on several 
payment dates (“Interim Payment Warrants”), whether the Warrants are call Warrants (“Call 
Warrants”) or put Warrants (“Put Warrants”), whether the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants linked 
to one of the formulae referred to in Condition 26 (“Formula Warrants”), whether the Warrants may 
only be exercised in Units and whether Averaging (“Averaging”) will apply to the Warrants. If Units 
are specified in the applicable Final Terms, Warrants must be exercised in Units and any Exercise 
Notice which purports to exercise Warrants in breach of this provision shall be void and of no effect. 
References in these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, to Cash Settled Warrants shall 
be deemed to include references to Physical Delivery Warrants, which include an option (as set out in 
the applicable Final Terms) at the Issuer’s election to request cash settlement of such Warrant and where 
settlement is to be by way of cash payment, and references in these Conditions, unless the context 
otherwise requires, to Physical Delivery Warrants shall be deemed to include references to Cash Settled 
Warrants which include an option (as set out in the applicable Final Terms) at the Issuer’s election to 
request physical delivery of the Relevant Underlying Asset in settlement of such Warrant and where 
settlement is to be by way of physical delivery. 
Warrants may allow Warrantholders to elect for settlement by way of cash payment or by way of 
physical delivery. Those Warrants where the holder has elected for cash payment will be Cash Settled 
Warrants and those Warrants where the holder has elected for physical delivery will be Physical 
Delivery Warrants. The rights of a holder as described in this paragraph may be subject to the Issuer’s 
right to vary settlement as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. Finnish Warrants and Warrants with 
Interim Payment specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms shall always be European Style 
Warrants and Cash Settled Warrants subject to Automatic Exercise. 
1.3 
Title to Warrants 
(a) 
In the case of Materialised Warrants, each person who is for the time being shown in the records 
of Clearstream or of Euroclear as the holder of a particular amount of Warrants (in which regard 
any certificate or other document issued by Clearstream or Euroclear as to the amount of 
Warrants standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes 
save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, (where applicable) the 
Guarantor and each Agent as the holder of such amount of Warrants for all purposes except as 
ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law (and the expressions

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Warrantholder” and “holder(s) of Warrants” and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly); 
(b) 
in the case of Finnish Warrants, “Holder” or “Warrantholder” means the person in whose 
name a Finnish Warrant is registered within Euroclear Finland as the Finnish central securities 
depositary (“Finnish CSD”) and the reference to a person in whose name a Finnish Warrant is 
registered shall include also any person whose Warrants are nominee-registered as according 
to the Finnish legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear Finland 
that are in force and effect from time to time (the “Finnish CSD Rules”). Except as ordered by 
a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Holder of any Finnish Warrant shall, 
to the extent permitted by law, be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an 
interest in it and no person shall be liable for so treating the Holder; 
(c) 
in the case of Norwegian Warrants, “Holder” or “Warrantholder” means the person in whose 
name a Norwegian Warrant is registered in the register of Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as 
Euronext Securities Oslo) (“Euronext VPS”) as the Norwegian central securities depository. 
The reference to a person in whose name a Norwegian Warrant is registered shall also include 
any person registered with Euronext VPS as nominee (forvalter) for the Norwegian Warrants 
and which is duly authorised to act as a nominee in accordance with the Norwegian legislation, 
rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by Euronext VPS that are in force and effect 
from time to time (the “Norwegian CSD Rules”). Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law, the Holder of any Norwegian Warrant shall, to the extent 
permitted by law, be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, 
whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it 
and no person shall be liable for so treating the Holder; 
(d) 
in the case of Swedish Warrants, “Holder” or “Warrantholder” means the person in whose 
name a Swedish Warrant is registered in the Register (as defined below) and the reference to a 
person in whose name a Swedish Warrant is registered shall include also any person duly 
authorised to act as a nominee (förvaltare) and registered as such for the Warrants. In respect 
of Swedish Warrants, the “Register” means the register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB 
(the “Swedish CSD” (and for the purposes of Swedish Warrants, the “Swedish Registrar”)) 
(Sw. central värdepappersförvarare) on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the Swedish 
legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the Swedish CSD that are in 
force and effect from time to time (the “Swedish CSD Rules”) and, as far as the application of 
their Conditions is concerned, title to Swedish Warrants shall pass by registration in the 
Register. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the 
Holder (as defined above) of any Swedish Warrants shall be deemed to be and may be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice 
of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person shall be liable for so treating the Holder; 
(e) 
in the case of Swiss Warrants, “Holder” or “Warrantholder” means a person holding the 
Swiss Warrants in a securities account which is in their name or in the case of intermediates, 
an intermediary holding the Swiss Warrants for its own account in a securities account which 
is in its name. Pursuant to Condition 1.1, title to Swiss Warrants will be governed by Swiss law 
and shall be transferred by the entry of the transferred Swiss Warrants in al securities account 
of the transferee. Swiss Warrants are transferred upon a Warrantholder’s instruction of his/her 
custodian and are then credited to the purchaser’s securities account in accordance with articles 
24 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Intermediated Securities of 3 October 2008, as amended 
(“FISA”) and the general terms and conditions of SIS and the further body of rules and 
regulations pursuant to article 10 of the general terms and conditions of SIS. The creation of 
Swiss Warrants, however, will not affect the rights of Warrantholders against the Issuer (article 
13 para. 1 FISA). Such rights remain governed by English law pursuant to Condition 13. Except 
as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Holder of any Swiss 
Warrants shall, to the extent permitted by law, be deemed to be and may be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or an interest in it, and no person shall be liable for so treating the Holder;

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(f) 
in the case of Danish Warrants, “Holder” or “Warrantholder” means the person in whose 
name a Danish Warrant is registered in book-entry form in the register kept by the Danish 
central securities depository, Euronext Securities Copenhagen, (the “Danish CSD" (and for the 
purposes of Danish Warrants, the “Danish Register”)) and reference to a person in whose name 
a Danish Warrant is registered shall also include reference to any person duly authorised to act 
as a nominee in accordance with Danish law (including applicable EU law), rules and 
regulations applicable to and/or issued by Euronext Securities Copenhagen that are in force and 
effect from time to time (the “Danish CSD Rules”). Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law, the Holder of any Danish Warrants shall, to the extent 
permitted by law, be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, 
whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it 
and no person shall be liable for so treating the Holder; or 
(g) 
in the case of any other Dematerialised Warrants, title shall be determined in accordance with 
the provisions set out in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Issuer and the Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information in respect of title to the Warrants 
from: 
(i) in the case of Finnish Warrants, the Finnish CSD; 
(ii) in the case of Norwegian Warrants, Euronext VPS and the holders of Norwegian Warrants accept 
and consent to the Issuer being entitled to obtain such information from Euronext VPS; 
(iii) in the case of Swedish Warrants, the Swedish Register in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules; 
(iv) in the case of Danish Warrants, the Danish CSD and the holders of Danish Warrants accept and 
consent to the Issuer being entitled to obtain such information from the Danish CSD; and 
(v) in the case of any other Dematerialised Warrants, from the relevant register in accordance with the 
provisions set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
1.4 
Transfers of Warrants 
(a) 
In the case of Materialised Warrants, all transactions (including transfers of Warrants) in the 
open market or otherwise must be effected through an account at Clearstream or Euroclear 
subject to and in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Clearstream or 
of Euroclear, as the case may be. Transfers of Warrants may only be effected if they are in 
respect of a number of Warrants equal to the Minimum Trading Number or an integral multiple 
thereof. Transfers of Warrants may not be effected after the exercise of such Warrants pursuant 
to Condition 5. 
(b) 
Any reference herein to Clearstream and/or Euroclear shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system approved by 
the Issuer, the Warrant Agent and (in the case of Warrants to be listed on a stock exchange) the 
relevant stock exchange and notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10. 
(c) 
Title to Dematerialised Warrants shall pass by: 
(i) in the case of Finnish Warrants, transfer from a Warrantholder’s book-entry account to another 
book-entry account within Euroclear Finland perfected in accordance with the Finnish CSD Rules, 
except where the Finnish Warrants are nominee-registered and are transferred from one sub-account 
to another with the same nominee; 
(ii) in the case of Norwegian Warrants, transfer from a Warrantholder’s book-entry account to another 
book-entry account within Euronext VPS, except for Norwegian Warrants that are registered in a 
nominee account (forvalterkonto) with Euronext VPS and both the transferor and transferee use the 
same nominee account for holding the relevant Norwegian Warrants; 
(iii) in the case of Swedish Warrants, transfer between accountholders at the Swedish CSD as evidenced 
by registration in the Swedish Register maintained by the Swedish CSD designated for the Swedish

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Warrants in the applicable Final Terms, the Swedish CSD, pursuant to the Swedish CSD Rules 
applicable to and/or issued on behalf of the Issuer; 
(iv) in the case of Swiss Warrants, the entry of the transferred Swiss Warrants in a securities account of 
the transferee;  
(v) in the case of Danish Warrants, transfer between accountholders at the Danish CSD, as evidenced 
by registration in the Danish Register in accordance with the Danish CSD Rules; or 
(vi) in the case of any other Dematerialised Warrants, in accordance with the provisions set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
1.5 Replacement Currency  
If at any time on or after the date of the Final Terms, the Settlement Currency is discontinued, converted, 
re-denominated, exchanged or otherwise unavailable in the relevant country or area, the Calculation 
Agent will convert the Settlement Currency into Euros or U.S. dollars (the “Replacement Currency”, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms) using the established, recognised and used conversion rate 
or exchange rate, on the most recent date on which the relevant discontinuation, conversion, re-
denomination, exchange or unavailability occurred. The Calculation Agent shall give notice of such 
replacement to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 10 (Notices). 
2. 
Status 
The Warrants are direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank 
and will rank pari passu with all present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, without any preference among themselves and without any preference one above the other by 
reason of priority of date of issue, any currency of payment or otherwise, except for obligations given 
priority by law. 
By the effect of the exercise of the bail-in power by the competent resolution authority, the amounts 
due under the Warrants may in particular be reduced (in whole or in part), converted into shares (in 
whole or in part) or cancelled and/or the term of the Warrants, the amounts due on Warrants or the date 
on which amounts due on Warrants become payable may be modified. 
3. 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Conditions, the following general definitions will apply:“Actual Exercise 
Date” means the Exercise Date (in the case of European Style Warrants) or, subject to Condition 6.1(b), 
the date during the Exercise Period on which the Warrant is actually or is deemed exercised (in the case 
of American Style Warrants – as more fully set out in Condition 4.1(a)) or the Potential Exercise Date 
on which the Warrant is actually or deemed exercised (in the case of Bermudan Style Warrants – as 
more fully set out in Condition 4.1(a)). 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc., or any successor thereto, as may be supplemented or amended from 
time to time and including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Matrices (as such term is defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions) or any successor thereto, provided that if the Calculation Agent determines that it is 
appropriate, 2021 ISDA Definitions will mean any successor definitional booklet to the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions as supplemented from time to time for interest rate derivatives published from time to time 
all as determined as of the date of the relevant determination under this Condition. 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” means, for a series of Warrants and a Relevant Benchmark, (a) 
the occurrence of an event or circumstance whose effect, in the determination of the Calculation Agent 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner and based on Benchmark Publicly Available Information, 
is that the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, will not be, or would 
not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the Relevant Benchmark to perform its 
or their respective obligations under the Warrants and (b) the notification of such occurrence to the 
Issuer.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Administrator/Benchmark 
Event 
Date” 
means, 
for 
a 
series 
of 
Warrants 
and 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the date as from which the Relevant Benchmark may no longer be 
lawfully used by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Calculation Agent or any other entity as a result of any 
applicable law or regulation, to be determined as provided for in the definition of 
Administrator/Benchmark Event above, or if such date occurs before the Trade Date, the Trade Date. 
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any entity (the “First Entity”), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity 
directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes “control” means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
“Applicable Regulation” means any applicable law, rule, regulation or order (including, without 
limitation, any regulatory or tax law, rule, regulation or order or any regulation, rule or procedure of 
any exchange). 
“Benchmark Publicly Available Information” means, in respect of an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event, one or both of the following: 
(a) 
information received from or published by (i) the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant 
Benchmark or (ii) any national, regional or other supervisory or regulatory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark or 
regulating the Relevant Benchmark, provided that where any information of the type described 
in (i) or (ii) above is not publicly available, it can only constitute Benchmark Publicly 
Available Information if it can be made public without violating any law, regulation, 
agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such 
information; or 
(b) 
information published in a Specified Public Source (regardless of whether the reader or user 
thereof pays a fee to obtain such information). 
In relation to any information of the type described in sub-paragraph (a) above, the Calculation Agent 
may assume that such information has been disclosed to it or its affiliates without violating any law, 
regulation, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such 
information and that the party delivering such information has not taken any action or entered into any 
agreement or understanding with the administrator or sponsor or any relevant national, regional or other 
supervisory or regulatory authority that would be breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such 
information to the Calculation Agent or its affiliates. 
“Benchmark Trigger Event” means an Index Cessation Event or an Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
“Business Day” means (a) a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
relevant Business Day Centre(s) (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and Clearstream and 
Euroclear are open for business and (b) for the purposes of making payments in euro, any day on which 
the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (T2) System is operating. 
“Cash Settlement Amount” means: (i) in relation to Cash Settled Warrants which are not Credit Linked 
Warrants, the amount to which the Warrantholder is entitled in the Settlement Currency in relation to 
each such Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may 
be, all as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 4; and (ii) in the case of Credit 
Linked Warrants, the Credit Settlement Amount. 
“Clearing System” means Euroclear, Clearstream and/or the relevant clearing system(s) in Denmark, 
Finland, Norway, Sweden and Switzerland and the expression Relevant Clearing System shall be 
construed accordingly. 
“Commodity Warrants” means Warrants, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, linked to the 
performance of a Commodity or Basket of Commodities. 
“Credit Linked Warrants” means Warrants specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Early Settlement Amount” means, in respect of any Warrant, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent, in the Settlement Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms, to be the fair 
market value of a Warrant based on the market conditions prevailing at the date of determination less, 
except if Unwind Costs or, in the case of Credit Linked Warrants, Credit Unwind Costs, are specified 
as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any reasonable expenses and costs of unwinding any 
underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements (including, without limitation, the level or 
value of credit default swaps or any credit derivatives options referencing a Reference Entity, any equity 
options, equity swaps, the level or value of prevailing interest rates, swaps, options or other instruments 
of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer’s obligations under the Warrants), plus, if already paid, the 
Exercise Price multiplied by the Parity (if any). For the avoidance of doubt, if Unwind Costs or Credit 
Unwind Costs (as the case may be) are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, no 
expenses or costs to the Issuer of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding 
arrangements (including, without limitation, the level or value of credit default swaps or any credit 
derivatives options referencing a Reference Entity, any equity options, equity swaps, the level or value 
of prevailing interest rates, swaps, options or other instruments of any type whatsoever hedging the 
Issuer’s obligations under the Warrants) (other than, only in case of a Force Majeure Event, such costs 
that are unavoidable to early settle the Warrants at their fair market value) will be deducted from such 
amount. If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the fair market value to be determined 
following a Significant Alteration Event only shall include a pro rata temporis reimbursement (a “Pro 
Rata Temporis Reimbursement”) by the Issuer (calculated from the early settlement date to the 
Exercise Date, in the case of European Style Warrants, or the Expiration Date, in the case of American 
Style Warrants or Bermudan Style Warrants and calculated on a pro rata basis over the total period 
from the Trade Date until the Exercise Date or Expiration Date, as the case may be) of any costs paid, 
or otherwise borne, by Warrantholders to the Issuer (such as structuring fees) included in the Issue 
Price. 
“Entitlement” means, in relation to each Physical Delivery Warrant or (if Units are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) each Unit (as the case may be), the Relevant Asset or Relevant Assets 
multiplied by the Parity (if any) and, in the case of Single Share Warrants, Basket Share Warrants, 
Single Fund Warrants and Basket Fund Warrants, if applicable, an additional cash amount equivalent 
to any fractional entitlement calculated in accordance with Condition 14.5(i), 15.6, 20.5(e) or 21.8, as 
applicable, (including any documents evidencing such Entitlement), as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
“Essential Trigger” means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that modifications 
or adjustments to the terms of the Warrants or cancellation of the Warrants may only be carried out in 
accordance with Condition 9.5(b). 
“Exercise Business Day” means: 
(a) 
in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, a day that is a Business Day; and 
(b) 
in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, a day that is a Business Day and a Scheduled Trading 
Day. 
“Exercise Date” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, except that for Credit Linked 
Warrants only, Exercise Date shall mean (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) if the 
Calculation Agent has determined that a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of a 
Credit Event occurring during the Observation Period: 
(i) If the Final Terms specify that the CLWs are American Style: the Credit Event Determination Date; 
or 
(ii) If the Final Terms specify that the CLWs are Bermudan Style: if the Credit Event Determination 
Date is a Potential Exercise Date, the Credit Event Determination Date, otherwise the next Potential 
Exercise Date; or 
(iii) If the Final Terms specify that the CLWs are European Style: the Expiration Date. 
“Exercise Period” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Exercise Price” means, in relation to each Warrant or (if Units are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) each Unit (as the case may be), the Initial Price, or (in relation to Index Warrants) the Initial 
Level or (in relation to Share Warrants or Fund Warrants if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Lookback Price. 
“Force Majeure Event” means that, in the opinion of the Issuer, on or after the Issue Date, the 
performance of the Issuer’s obligations under the Warrants is impossible and insurmountable due to the 
occurrence of any one of the following events, for which the Issuer is not accountable (being for the 
avoidance of doubt events which are not attributable to the Issuer), on the condition that the occurrence 
of such events renders the continuation of the Warrants definitively impossible: 
(a) 
any act (other than a Market Disruption Event), law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, directive, 
interpretation, decree or material legislative or administrative interference of any Government 
Authority or otherwise; or 
(b) 
the occurrence of civil war, disruption, military action, unrest, political insurrection, terrorist 
activity of any kind, riot, public demonstration and/or protest, or any other financial, political 
or economic reasons or any other causes or impediments beyond such party’s control; or 
(c) 
any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action taken or threatened 
by any Government Authority that deprives the Issuer or any of its affiliates, of all or 
substantially all of its assets in the local currency jurisdiction. 
“Formula Warrants” shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 1.2. 
“Fund Warrants” means Warrants, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, linked to the 
performance of a Fund or a Basket of Funds. 
“Government Authority” means any nation, state or government, any province or other political 
subdivision thereof, any body, agency or ministry, any monetary or foreign exchange or other authority, 
court, tribunal or other instrumentality and any other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, 
regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government. 
“Hedging Arrangements” means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more (i) 
positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, (including, without 
limitation, credit default swaps or any credit derivatives options referencing a Reference Entity, any 
equity options, equity swaps, swaps, options or other instruments of any type whatsoever hedging the 
Issuer’s obligations under the Warrants), (ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or 
arrangements (howsoever described) by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate in order to hedge, individually 
or on a portfolio basis, any Warrants. 
“Hybrid Basket” means a basket of a combination of any or all assets referred to in the definition of 
Underlying below. 
“Hybrid Warrants” means Warrants, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, linked to the 
performance of Underlyings composed in a Hybrid Basket. 
“Illegality Event” means that either (i) the performance of the Issuer’s obligations under the Warrants 
has or will, or (ii) if Hedging Arrangements are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
any Hedging Arrangements have or will, become illegal in whole or in part for any reason. 
“Index Cessation Event” means, in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark, the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Relevant Rate Benchmark announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Relevant Rate Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Relevant Rate Benchmark; or

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Relevant Rate Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the 
Relevant Rate Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Relevant Rate Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Relevant Rate Benchmark or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Relevant Rate Benchmark has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Relevant Rate Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Relevant Rate Benchmark; or 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Relevant Rate Benchmark announcing that the regulatory 
supervisor has determined that such Relevant Rate Benchmark is no longer, or as of a 
specified future date will no longer be, representative of the underlying market and 
economic reality that such Relevant Rate Benchmark is intended to measure and that 
representativeness will not be restored. 
“Interim Payment” means, in relation to Cash Settled Warrants with Interim Payment specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount determined by reference to the relevant Interim 
Valuation Date which is due on the relevant Interim Payment Date. 
“Interim Payment Date(t)” means, in relation to Cash Settled Warrants with Interim Payment 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the dates specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms which shall follow the relevant Interim Valuation Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Interim Valuation Date(t)” means, in relation to Cash Settled Warrants with Interim Payment 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the dates specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms.“Issue Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms on which the 
Warrants are issued. 
“Issue Price” means the price per Warrant specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Maximum Cash Settlement Amount” means the Cash Settlement Amount specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Parity” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Potential Exercise Date” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 4.1(a). 
“Rate Warrants” means Warrants, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, linked to the 
performance of (an) interest rate(s) as provided in Condition 22. 
“Relevant Asset” means an underlying commodity or a number of shares or fund shares, such number 
calculated in accordance with Condition 14.5(i), 15.6, 20.5(e) or 21.8, as applicable. 
“Relevant Benchmark” means: 
(a) 
in respect of a series of Warrants that are Single Commodity Warrants, the 
Relevant Commodity Benchmark as defined in Condition 18 of the Conditions 
of the Warrants (Terms for Single Commodity Warrants); 
(b) 
in respect of a series of Warrants that are Basket Commodity Warrants, the 
Relevant Commodity Benchmark as defined in Condition 19 of the Conditions 
of the Warrants (Terms for Basket Commodity Warrants);  
(c) 
in respect of a series of Warrants that are Single Index Warrants, the Relevant 
Index Benchmark as defined in Condition 16 of the Conditions of the Warrants 
(Terms for Single Index Warrants);

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(d) 
in respect of a series of Warrants that are Basket Index Warrants, the Relevant 
Index Benchmark as defined in Condition 17 of the Conditions of the Warrants 
(Terms for Basket Index Warrants); 
(e) 
in respect of a series of Warrants that are Currency Warrants, the Relevant 
Currency Benchmark as defined in Condition 23 of the Conditions of the 
Warrants (Terms for Currency Warrants); 
(f) 
in respect of a series of Warrants that are Rate Warrants, the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark as defined in Condition 22 of the Conditions of the Warrants 
(Terms for Rate Warrants); 
and all references in these Conditions to “Benchmark” and “benchmark”shall be construed in 
accordance with the meaning given to such term in Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended. 
“Settlement Date” means:  
(a) 
the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms subject, in the case of Physical Delivery 
Warrants, to the occurrence of any Settlement Disruption Event as provided in Condition 4.3(b); 
or 
(b) 
in relation to Cash Settled Warrants (which are not Credit Linked Warrants) only: 
(i) 
if Interim Payment is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each Interim 
Payment Date(t). 
(ii) 
if Interim Payment is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in relation to 
each Actual Exercise Date, (A) where Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the fifth Business Day following the Valuation Date PROVIDED THAT if the Warrants are 
Basket Index Warrants or Basket Share Warrants and the occurrence of a Disrupted Day has 
resulted in a Valuation Date for one or more Indices or Shares, as the case may be, being 
adjusted as set out in the definition of Valuation Date, the Settlement Date shall be the fifth 
Business Day following the last occurring Valuation Date in relation to any Index or Share, as 
the case may be, or (B) where Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the fifth 
Business Day following the last occurring Averaging Date PROVIDED THAT where the 
Warrants are Basket Index Warrants or Basket Share Warrants and the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day has resulted in an Averaging Date for one or more Indices or Shares, as the case 
may be, being adjusted as set out in the definition of Averaging Date, the Settlement Date shall 
be the fifth Business Day following the last occurring Averaging Date in relation to any Index 
or Share, as the case may be; or 
(c) 
in relation to Credit Linked Warrants only, on or following the occurrence of an Exercise Date: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify that the CLWs are American Style: the date that is five London and 
Paris Business Days following the AS Date or the CS Date (as applicable); 
(ii) 
if the Final Terms specify that the CLWs are Bermudan Style: the date that is five London and 
Paris Business Days following the later of: (a) the Exercise Date; and (b) the AS Date or the CS 
Date (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify that the CLWs are European Style: the latter of: (a) the Expiration 
Date; and (b) the day that is five London and Paris Business Days following the AS Date or the 
CS Date (as applicable). 
“Settlement Price” means: (i) in relation to each Cash Settled Warrant (which are not Credit Linked 
Warrants) or, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, the Final Price or (in 
relation to Index Warrants) the Final Level; and (ii) in relation to each Credit Linked Warrant, the 
Auction Final Price, the Weighted Average Final Price, the Final Price or as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (as applicable).

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Share Warrants” means Warrants, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, linked to the 
performance of a Share or Basket of Shares. 
“Significant Alteration Event” means any event or circumstance or combination of events or 
circumstances occurring after the Issue Date that is not attributable to the Issuer but which has as its 
consequence that the economic balance of the Warrants between the Issuer on the one hand and the 
Warrantholders on the other hand as at the Issue Date is significantly altered, including, without 
limitation, where such event or circumstance or combination of events or circumstances constitutes an 
Illegality Event or Change in Law or causes a material increased cost for the Issuer as a consequence 
of a change in tax laws, solvency or regulatory capital requirements, nationalisation, or regulatory 
action, or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, in other events of similar nature that comply with 
the above conditions, but, in each case, where such event does not constitute a Force Majeure Event. 
“Specified Public Source” means each source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no 
such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones Newswire, The Wall Street Journal, 
The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La 
Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and successor publications, the main source(s) 
of business news in the country in which the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark is 
incorporated or organised and any other internationally recognised published or electronically displayed 
news sources). 
“Substitution Event” means: 
(a) 
a divestment of any assets of the Issuer or the Guarantor; 
(b) 
the cancellation, suspension or revocation of any relevant authorisation or licence of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor, as the case may be, by any governmental, legal or regulatory authority; 
(c) 
a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in respect of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be, with or into another entity or person; 
(d) 
a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation proposal or other event by any entity 
or person to purchase or otherwise obtain a controlling stake in the Issuer or the Guarantor, as 
the case may be; or 
(e) 
any other event affecting the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, pursuant to which 
substitution is permissible in accordance with the regulations of any stock exchange, any 
applicable law or regulation in force in the jurisdiction of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the 
case may be, or any applicable law or regulation in force in the jurisdiction in which the 
Warrants are offered. 
“Underlying” means, with respect to a Warrant, a Commodity, a Share, an Index, a proprietary Index, 
a Fund, a Reference Entity, a Reference Obligation, Obligation, a currency, an interest rate or baskets 
of any of the foregoing, or a credit event, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Unit” means the number of Warrants specified in the applicable Final Terms as constituting a Unit on 
the basis that such Warrants may not be exercised in an amount less than the number of Warrants 
constituting such Unit. 
“Unwind Costs” means, in relation to Warrants other than Credit Linked Warrants, any reasonable 
expenses and costs of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements 
(including, without limitation, the level or value of prevailing interest rates, swaps or other instruments 
of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer’s obligations under the Warrants). 
“Valuation Date” means the Exercise Date, any Actual Exercise Date or, if such date is not a relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Scheduled Trading Day or such other date as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms – all subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” as set forth 
in these Conditions.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
4. 
Exercise Rights 
This Condition 4 is subject to the provisions of Condition 7.5 of these Conditions in respect of Open-
ended Warrants. 
4.1 
Exercise Period 
(a) 
American Style Warrants and Bermudan Style Warrants 
American Style Warrants are exercisable on any Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period. 
Bermudan Style Warrants are exercisable on any Potential Exercise Date. For the purposes of Bermudan 
Style Warrants, a “Potential Exercise Date” is any date, which must be an Exercise Business Day, 
specified as such in the Final Terms. 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, any American Style Warrant or 
(as applicable) Bermudan Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice (as defined below) 
has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 5, at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (Luxembourg or 
Brussels time) on the last Exercise Business Day of the Exercise Period in the case of American Style 
Warrants or on the last Potential Exercise Date in the case of Bermudan Style Warrants (in each case, 
the “Expiration Date”), shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
If, in respect of an American Style Warrant or a Bermudan Style Warrant that is also a Cash Settled 
Warrant, Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable Final Terms, any such American Style 
Warrant or Bermudan Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the 
manner set out in Condition 5, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time, as the case may 
be, on the Expiration Date, shall be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date and the provisions 
of Condition 5.8 shall apply. The expressions “exercise”, “due exercise” and related expressions shall 
be construed to apply to any Warrants which are automatically exercised on the Expiration Date in 
accordance with this provision. 
With respect to Credit Linked Warrants which are American Style Warrants or Bermudan Style 
Warrants, Automatic Exercise shall be deemed to be applicable in accordance with Condition 5.8(g), 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the case of Warrants other than those referred to in the immediately following paragraphs of this 
Condition 4.1 (a), the Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period on which an Exercise Notice 
is delivered prior to 10.00 a.m. (Luxembourg or Brussels time) to Clearstream or Euroclear, as the case 
may be, and the copy thereof so received by the Warrant Agent, or, if Automatic Exercise is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and the Warrants are automatically exercised on the Expiration Date as 
provided above, the Expiration Date, is referred to herein as the “Actual Exercise Date”. If any 
Exercise Notice is received by Clearstream or Euroclear, as the case may be, or if the copy thereof is 
received by the Warrant Agent, in each case, after 10.00 a.m. (Luxembourg or Brussels time) on any 
Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period, such Exercise Notice will be deemed to have been 
delivered on the next Exercise Business Day, which Exercise Business Day shall be deemed to be the 
Actual Exercise Date, PROVIDED THAT any such Warrant in respect of which no Exercise Notice 
has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 5 at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (Luxembourg or 
Brussels time) on the Expiration Date shall (i) if Automatic Exercise is not specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, become void or (ii) if Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 
automatically exercised on the Expiration Date as provided above. 
In the case of Norwegian Warrants, the Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period in which an 
Exercise Notice is delivered prior to 10.00 a.m. (local time) to the Norwegian Issuing and Paying Agent, 
or, if Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Warrants are automatically 
exercised on the Expiration Date as provided above, the Expiration Date, is referred to herein as the 
“Actual Exercise Date”. If any Exercise Notice is received by the Norwegian Issuing and Paying Agent 
after 10.00 a.m. (local time) on any Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period, such Exercise 
Notice will be deemed to have been delivered on the next Exercise Business Day, which Exercise 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Actual Exercise Date, PROVIDED THAT any such Warrant 
in respect of which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 5 at or

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
prior to 10.00 a.m. (local time) on the Expiration Date shall (i) if Automatic Exercise is not specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, become void or (ii) if Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date as provided above. 
In the case of Swedish Warrants, the Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period in which an 
Exercise Notice is delivered prior to 10.00 a.m. (local time) to the Issuing Agent, or, if Automatic 
Exercise is specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Warrants are automatically exercised on the 
Expiration Date as provided above, the Expiration Date, is referred to herein as the “Actual Exercise 
Date”. If any Exercise Notice is received by the Issuing Agent after 10.00 a.m. (local time) on any 
Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period, such Exercise Notice will be deemed to have been 
delivered on the next Exercise Business Day, which Exercise Business Day shall be deemed to be the 
Actual Exercise Date, PROVIDED THAT any such Warrant in respect of which no Exercise Notice 
has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 5 at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (local time) on the 
Expiration Date shall (i) if Automatic Exercise is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, become 
void or (ii) if Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable Final Terms, be automatically exercised 
on the Expiration Date as provided above. 
In the case of Swiss Warrants, the Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period on which an 
Exercise Notice is delivered prior to 10.00 a.m. (local time) to the Swiss Issuing and Paying Agent, or, 
if Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Warrants are automatically 
exercised on the Expiration Date as provided above, the Expiration Date, is referred to herein as the 
“Actual Exercise Date”. If any Exercise Notice is received by the Swiss Issuing and Paying Agent 
after 10.00 a.m. (local time) on any Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period, such Exercise 
Notice will be deemed to have been delivered on the next Exercise Business Day, which Exercise 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Actual Exercise Date, PROVIDED THAT any such Warrant 
in respect of which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 5 at or 
prior to 10.00 a.m. (local time) on the Expiration Date shall (i) if Automatic Exercise is not specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, become void or (ii) if Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date as provided above. 
Finnish Warrants and Warrants with Interim Payment specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms shall always be European Style Warrants and Cash Settled Warrants subject to Automatic 
Exercise. 
In the case of Danish Warrants, the Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period in which an 
Exercise Notice is delivered prior to 10.00 a.m. (local time) to the Danish Issuing and Paying Agent, 
or, if Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Warrants are automatically 
exercised on the Expiration Date as provided above, the Expiration Date, is referred to herein as the 
“Actual Exercise Date”. If any Exercise Notice is received by the Danish Issuing and Paying Agent 
after 10.00 a.m. (local time) on any Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period, such Exercise 
Notice will be deemed to have been delivered on the next Exercise Business Day, which Exercise 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Actual Exercise Date, PROVIDED THAT any such Warrant 
in respect of which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 5 at or 
prior to 10.00 a.m. (local time) on the Expiration Date shall (i) if Automatic Exercise is not specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, become void or (ii) if Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date as provided above. 
(b) 
European Style Warrants 
European Style Warrants are only exercisable on the Exercise Date. 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, any European Style Warrant with 
respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 5, at or prior 
to 10.00 a.m. (Luxembourg or Brussels time) on the Exercise Date, shall become void and no payment 
shall be made in respect to them. 
If, in respect of a European Style Warrant that is also a Cash Settled Warrant, Automatic Exercise is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, any such European Style Warrant with respect to which no 
Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 5, at or prior to 10.00 a.m.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(Luxembourg or Brussels time) on the Exercise Date, shall be automatically exercised on the Exercise 
Date and the provisions of Condition 5.8 shall apply. The expressions “exercise”, “due exercise” and 
related expressions shall be construed to apply to any Warrants which are automatically exercised on 
the Exercise Date in accordance with this provision. 
With respect to Credit Linked Warrants which are European Style Warrants, Automatic Exercise shall 
be deemed to be applicable in accordance with Condition 5.8(g), unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
4.2 
Cash Settlement 
If the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants which are not Credit Linked Warrants, each such Warrant or, 
if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, entitles its holder, upon due exercise and 
subject to certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership, to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement 
Date a Cash Settlement Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent (which shall not be less than zero) 
equal to: 
(a) 
if such Warrants are Call Warrants, Settlement Price less Exercise Price, multiplied by the 
Parity (if any); 
(b) 
if such Warrants are Put Warrants, Exercise Price less Settlement Price, multiplied by the Parity 
(if any); and/or 
(c) 
if such Warrants are Formula Warrants, a cash settlement amount or (if Interim Payment is 
specified as applicable) cash settlement amounts, calculated by reference to the Relevant 
Formula (as defined in Condition 26). 
Any amount determined pursuant to the above, if not an amount in the Settlement Currency, will be 
converted into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms 
for the purposes of determining the Cash Settlement Amount. The Cash Settlement Amount will be 
rounded to the nearest two decimal places (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, the nearest whole unit) in 
the relevant Settlement Currency, 0.005 (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, half a unit) being rounded 
upwards, with Warrants exercised at the same time by the same Warrantholder being aggregated for the 
purpose of determining the aggregate Cash Settlement Amounts payable in respect of such Warrants or 
Units, as the case may be.  
Finnish Warrants and Warrants with Interim Payment specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms shall always be Cash Settled Warrants. 
Cash Settled Warrants (which are not Credit Linked Warrants) may be subject to a specified maximum 
Cash Settlement Amount, in which case the Cash Settlement Amount calculated in accordance with 
Conditions 4.2(a) to 4.2(c) will be subject to the Maximum Cash Settlement Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If the Warrants are Credit Linked Warrants, each such Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Unit, entitles its holder, upon due exercise and subject to certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership, to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date a Cash Settlement Amount equal 
to the Credit Settlement Amount (if any) calculated in accordance with Condition 24. Any amount 
determined pursuant to the above, if not an amount in the Settlement Currency, will be converted into 
the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes 
of determining the Cash Settlement Amount. The Cash Settlement Amount will be rounded to the 
nearest two decimal places (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, the nearest whole unit) in the relevant 
Settlement Currency, 0.005 (or, in the case of Japanese Yen, half a unit) being rounded upwards, with 
Warrants exercised at the same time by the same Warrantholder being aggregated for the purpose of 
determining the aggregate Cash Settlement Amounts payable in respect of such Warrants or Units, as 
the case may be.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
4.3 
Physical Settlement 
(a) 
Exercise Rights in relation to Physical Delivery Warrants 
If the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants, each such Warrant or, if Units are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, entitles its holder, upon due exercise and subject 
to certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership, to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date, 
the Entitlement subject to payment of the relevant Exercise Price multiplied by the Parity (if any) and, 
if Multiplication by the Notional Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
multiplied by the Notional Amount divided by the Initial Price and any other sums payable. The method 
of delivery of the Entitlement shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10. 
Warrants or Units, as the case may be, exercised at the same time by the same Warrantholder will be 
aggregated for the purpose of determining the aggregate Entitlement in respect of such Warrants or 
Units, as the case may be PROVIDED THAT the aggregate Entitlement in respect of the same 
Warrantholder will be rounded down to the nearest whole unit of the Relevant Asset or each of the 
Relevant Assets, as the case may be, in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
Therefore, fractions of the Relevant Asset or of each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, will 
not be delivered and no cash adjustment or payment will be made in respect thereof. 
Following exercise of a Share Warrant which is a Physical Delivery Warrant, all dividends on the 
relevant Shares to be delivered will be payable to the party that would receive such dividend according 
to market practice for a sale of the Shares executed on the relevant Actual Exercise Date and to be 
delivered in the same manner as such relevant Shares. Any such dividends to be paid to a Warrantholder 
will be paid to the account specified by the Warrantholder in the relevant Exercise Notice as referred to 
in Condition 5.1(b)(vi). 
(b) 
Settlement Disruption 
If, following the exercise of Physical Delivery Warrants, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
delivery of the Entitlement using the method of delivery specified in the applicable Final Terms is not 
practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event (as defined below) having occurred and 
continuing on any Settlement Date, then such Settlement Date for such Warrants shall be postponed to 
the following Settlement Business Day in respect of which there is no Settlement Disruption Event, 
PROVIDED THAT the Issuer may elect to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Warrant or 
Unit, as the case may be, by delivering the Entitlement using such other commercially reasonable 
manner as it may select and in such event the Settlement Date shall be such day as the Issuer deems 
appropriate in connection with delivery of the Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable 
manner. For the avoidance of doubt, where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not all of 
the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, the Settlement Date for the Relevant Assets not 
affected by the Settlement Disruption Event will be the originally designated Settlement Date. In the 
event that a Settlement Disruption Event will result in the delivery on a Settlement Date of some but 
not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion the appropriate pro rata portion of the Exercise Price multiplied by the Parity (if any) to be 
paid by the relevant Warrantholder in respect of that partial settlement. For so long as delivery of the 
Entitlement (or any parts thereof) is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event, then in 
lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Issuer may elect to 
satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, by payment to the 
relevant Warrantholder of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price (as defined below) on the fifth Business 
Day following the date that notice of such election is given to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 10. Payment of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price will be made in such manner as shall 
be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10. The Calculation Agent shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10 that a Settlement 
Disruption Event has occurred. No Warrantholder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of the 
relevant Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, in the event of any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement 
(or any part thereof) due to the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event and no liability in respect 
thereof shall attach to the Issuer.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
For the purposes hereof: 
“Disruption Cash Settlement Price” means, in respect of any relevant Warrant or Unit, as the case 
may be, the fair market value of such Warrant or Unit, as the case may be (taking into account, where 
the Settlement Disruption Event affected some but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the 
Entitlement and such non-affected Relevant Assets have been duly delivered as provided above, the 
value of such Relevant Assets), less, if Unwind Costs are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding or adjusting any underlying or related 
Hedging Arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer, plus, if already paid, the Exercise Price 
multiplied by the Parity (if any) (or, where as provided above some Relevant Assets have been 
delivered, and a pro rata portion thereof has been paid, such pro rata portion); 
“Settlement Business Day” in respect of each Warrant has the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms relating to such Warrant; and 
“Settlement Disruption Event” means an event, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, beyond the 
control of the Issuer as a result of which the Issuer cannot make delivery of all or any part of the Relevant 
Asset(s) using the method specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, to the extent such event also constitutes a Significant Alteration Event or Force Majeure 
Event only. 
4.4 
Issuer’s Option to Vary Settlement 
If the applicable Final Terms indicate that the Issuer has an option to vary settlement in respect of the 
Warrants, upon a valid exercise of Warrants in accordance with these Conditions, the Issuer may in 
respect of each such Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, elect 
not to pay the relevant Warrantholders the Cash Settlement Amount or to deliver or procure delivery of 
the Entitlement to the relevant Warrantholders, as the case may be, but, in lieu thereof to deliver or 
procure delivery of the Entitlement or make payment of the Cash Settlement Amount on the Settlement 
Date to the relevant Warrantholders, as the case may be. Notification of such election will be given to 
Warrantholders no later than 10.00 a.m. (Luxembourg or Brussels time) on the second Business Day 
following the Actual Exercise Date. 
4.5 
General 
None of the Issuer or any Agent shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, have any responsibility 
for any errors or omissions in the calculation of any Cash Settlement Amount or of any Entitlement. 
The purchase of Warrants does not confer on any holder of such Warrants any rights (whether in respect 
of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset. 
All references in this Condition 4 to “Luxembourg or Brussels time” shall, where Warrants are cleared 
through an additional or alternative clearing system, be deemed to refer as appropriate to the time in the 
city where the relevant clearing system is located. 
5. 
Exercise Procedure 
5.1 
Materialised Warrants 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, Materialised Warrants may only 
be exercised by the delivery, or the sending by fax, of a duly completed exercise notice (an “Exercise 
Notice”) in the form set out in the Warrant Agreement (copies of which form may be obtained from 
Clearstream, Euroclear, the Warrant Agent and any Issuing and Paying Agent) to Clearstream or 
Euroclear, as the case may be, with a copy to the Warrant Agent and the Principal Paying Agent in 
accordance with the provisions set out in Condition 4 and this Condition 5. 
(a) 
In the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the Exercise Notice shall: 
(i) specify the series number of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being exercised and, 
if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of Units being exercised;

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(ii) specify the number of the Warrantholder’s account at Clearstream or Euroclear, as the case 
may be, to be debited with the Warrants being exercised; 
(iii) irrevocably instruct Clearstream or Euroclear, as the case may be, to debit on or before the 
Settlement Date the Warrantholder’s account with the Warrants being exercised; 
(iv) specify the number of the Warrantholder’s account at the relevant Clearing System, to be 
credited with the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) for each Warrant or Unit, as the case 
may be being exercised; 
(v) include an undertaking to pay all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable 
depository charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, 
issue, registration, securities transfer, transaction, financial transaction and/or other taxes 
or duties arising in connection with the exercise of such Warrants (“Exercise Expenses”) 
and an authority to Clearstream or Euroclear to deduct an amount in respect thereof from 
any Cash Settlement Amount due to such Warrantholder and/or to debit a specified account 
of the Warrantholder at Clearstream or Euroclear, as the case may be, in respect thereof 
and to pay such Exercise Expenses; and 
(vi) certify, inter alia, that the beneficial owner of each Warrant being exercised is not a U.S. 
person (as defined in the Exercise Notice) and authorise the production of such certification 
in any applicable administrative or legal proceedings. 
(b) 
In the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the Exercise Notice shall: 
(i) specify the series number of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being exercised and, 
if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of Units being exercised; 
(ii) specify the number of the Warrantholder’s account at Clearstream or Euroclear, as the case 
may be, to be debited with the Warrants being exercised; 
(iii) irrevocably instruct Clearstream or Euroclear, as the case may be, to debit on or before the 
Settlement Date the Warrantholder’s account with the Warrants being exercised; 
(iv) irrevocably instruct Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, as the case may be, to debit on 
the Actual Exercise Date a specified account of the Warrantholder with Clearstream or 
Euroclear, as the case may be, with the aggregate Exercise Prices multiplied by the Parity 
(if any) in respect of such Warrants or Units, as the case may be, (together with any other 
amounts payable); 
(v) include an undertaking to pay all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable 
depository charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, 
issue, registration, securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties arising from the exercise 
of such Warrants and/or the delivery or transfer of the Entitlement pursuant to the terms of 
such Warrants (“Exercise Expenses”) and an authority to Clearstream or Euroclear to debit 
a specified account of the Warrantholder at Clearstream or Euroclear, as the case may be, 
in respect thereof and to pay such Exercise Expenses; 
(vi) include such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for delivery of the 
Entitlement which may include account details and/or the name and address of any 
person(s) into whose name evidence of the Entitlement is to be registered and/or any bank, 
broker or agent to whom documents evidencing the Entitlement are to be delivered and 
specify the name and the number of the Warrantholder’s account with Euroclear or 
Clearstream, as the case may be, to be credited with any cash payable by the Issuer, either 
in respect of any cash amount constituting the Entitlement or any dividends relating to the 
Entitlement or as a result of the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event and the Issuer 
electing to pay the Disruption Cash Settlement Price, as applicable; and

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(vii) 
certify, inter alia, that the beneficial owner of each Warrant being exercised is not a 
U.S. person (as defined in the Exercise Notice) and authorise the production of such 
certification in any applicable administrative or legal proceedings, 
all as provided in the Warrant Agreement. 
(c) 
If Condition 4.4 applies, the form of Exercise Notice required to be delivered will be different 
from that set out above. Copies of such Exercise Notice may be obtained from Clearstream, 
Euroclear, the Warrant Agent and any Issuing and Paying Agent. 
5.2 
Dematerialised Warrants 
(a) 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, Dematerialised Warrants 
may only be exercised by: 
(i) in the case of Norwegian Warrants, the delivery or the sending (by SWIFT, by email to 
IPA.Nordic@seb.se or as otherwise agreed by the parties), of a duly completed exercise notice (an 
“Exercise Notice”) in the form set out in the Warrant Agreement (copies of which form may be obtained 
from the Norwegian Issuing and Paying Agent (as defined in Condition 9.1) to the Norwegian Issuing 
and Paying Agent in accordance with the provisions set out in Condition 4 and this Condition 5; 
(ii) in the case of Swedish Warrants, the delivery or the sending (by SWIFT, by email to 
IPA.Nordic@seb.se or as otherwise agreed by the parties), of a duly completed exercise notice (an 
“Exercise Notice”) in the form set out in the Warrant Agreement (copies of which form may be obtained 
from the Swedish Issuing Agent (as defined in Condition 9.1(d)) to the Swedish Issuing Agent in 
accordance with the provisions set out in Condition 4 and this Condition 5; 
(iii) in the case of Swiss Warrants, the delivery, or the sending by confirmed fax, of a duly completed 
exercise notice (an “Exercise Notice”) in the form set out in the Warrant Agreement (copies of which 
form may be obtained from the Swiss Issuing and Paying Agent (as defined in Condition 9.1(e))) to the 
Swiss Issuing and Paying Agent in accordance with the provisions set out in Condition 4 and this 
Condition 5; or 
(iv) in the case of Danish Warrants, the delivery or the sending (by SWIFT, by email to IPA.Nordic@seb.se 
or as otherwise agreed by the parties), of a duly completed exercise notice (an “Exercise Notice”) in 
the form set out in the Warrant Agreement (copies of which form may be obtained from the Danish 
Issuing and Paying Agent (as defined in Condition 9.1(f)) to the Danish Issuing and Paying Agent in 
accordance with the provisions set out in Condition 4 and this Condition 5. 
Finnish Warrants and Warrants with Interim Payment specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms shall always be European Style Warrants and Cash Settled Warrants subject to Automatic 
Exercise, to which the provisions of Condition 5.3 (b) and the relevant other provisions of Condition 5 
shall apply. 
(b) 
In the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the Exercise Notice shall: 
(i) specify the series number of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being exercised and, if Units are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of Units being exercised; 
(ii) specify the number of the Warrantholder’s account at the relevant Dematerialised Clearing System(s), 
to be debited with the Warrants being exercised; 
(iii) irrevocably instruct the relevant Issuing Agent to debit on or before the Settlement Date the 
Warrantholder’s account with the Warrants being exercised; 
(iv) specify the number of the Warrantholder’s account at the relevant Dematerialised Clearing System(s) 
to be credited with the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) for each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, 
being exercised (a “Dematerialised Clearing System” being a Clearing System holding 
Dematerialised Warrants);

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(v) include an undertaking to pay all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable depository 
charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, 
securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties arising in connection with the exercise of such Warrants 
(“Exercise Expenses”) and an authority to the relevant Dematerialised Clearing System(s) to deduct an 
amount in respect thereof from any Cash Settlement Amount due to such Warrantholder and/or to debit 
a specified account of the Warrantholder at the relevant Dematerialised Clearing System(s) in respect 
thereof and to pay such Exercise Expenses; and 
(vi) certify, inter alia, that the beneficial owner of each Warrant being exercised is not a U.S. person (as 
defined in the Exercise Notice) and authorise the production of such certification in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings. 
Finnish Warrants and Warrants with Interim Payment specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms shall always be European Style Warrants and Cash Settled Warrants subject to Automatic 
Exercise without delivery of an Exercise Notice. 
(c) 
In the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the Exercise Notice shall: 
(i) specify the series number of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being exercised and, if Units are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of Units being exercised; 
(ii) specify the number of the Warrantholder’s account at the relevant Dematerialised Clearing System(s) 
to be debited with the Warrants being exercised; 
(iii) irrevocably instruct the relevant Issuing Agent to debit on or before the Settlement Date the 
Warrantholder’s account with the Warrants being exercised; 
(iv) irrevocably instruct the relevant Dematerialised Clearing System(s) to debit on the Actual Exercise Date 
a specified account of the Warrantholder with Clearstream or Euroclear, as the case may be, with the 
aggregate Exercise Prices multiplied by the Parity (if any) in respect of such Warrants or Units, as the 
case may be (together with any other amounts payable); 
(v) include an undertaking to pay all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable depository 
charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, 
securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties arising from the exercise of such Warrants and/or the 
delivery or transfer of the Entitlement pursuant to the terms of such Warrants (“Exercise Expenses”) 
and an authority to the relevant Dematerialised Clearing System(s) to debit a specified account of the 
Warrantholder at the relevant Dematerialised Clearing System(s) in respect thereof and to pay such 
Exercise Expenses; 
(vi) include such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for delivery of the Entitlement which 
may include account details and/or the name and address of any person(s) into whose name evidence 
of the Entitlement is to be registered and/or any bank, broker or agent to whom documents evidencing 
the Entitlement are to be delivered and specify the name and the number of the Warrantholder’s account 
with the relevant Dematerialised Clearing System(s) to be credited with any cash payable by the Issuer, 
either in respect of any cash amount constituting the Entitlement or any dividends relating to the 
Entitlement or as a result of the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event and the Issuer electing to 
pay the Disruption Cash Settlement Price, as applicable; and 
(vii) 
certify, inter alia, that the beneficial owner of each Warrant being exercised is not a U.S. person 
(as defined in the Exercise Notice) and authorise the production of such certification in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings. 
If Condition 4.4 applies, the form of Exercise Notice required to be delivered will be different from that 
set out above. Copies of such Exercise Notice may be obtained from the Warrant Agent. 
5.3 
Verification of the Warrantholder 
(a) 
In the case of Materialised Warrants, upon receipt of an Exercise Notice, Clearstream or 
Euroclear, as the case may be, shall verify that the person exercising the Warrants is the holder

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
thereof according to the books of Clearstream or Euroclear, as the case may be. Subject thereto, 
Clearstream or Euroclear, as the case may be, will confirm to the Warrant Agent the series 
number and number of Warrants being exercised and the account details, if applicable, for the 
payment of the Cash Settlement Amount or, as the case may be, the details for the delivery of 
the Entitlement of each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, being exercised. Upon receipt of 
such confirmation, the Warrant Agent will inform the Issuer thereof. Clearstream or Euroclear, 
as the case may be, will on or before the Settlement Date debit the account of the relevant 
Warrantholder with the Warrants being exercised. If the Warrants are American Style Warrants 
or Bermudan Style Warrants, upon exercise of less than all the Warrants constituted by the 
Global Warrant, the Common Depositary will, on the instructions of, and on behalf of, the 
Warrant Agent, annotate such exercise on the Schedule to the Global Warrant and the number 
of Warrants so represented shall be reduced by the cancellation pro tanto of the Warrants so 
exercised. 
(b) 
Finnish Warrants and Warrants with Interim Payment specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms shall always be subject to Automatic Exercise without delivery of an Exercise 
Notice and subject to Cash Settlement in accordance with the Finnish CSD Rules. Payments 
will be effected to the Holder recorded as such on the T2 day (as defined by the then applicable 
Finnish CSD Rules) immediately preceding the due date for such payment such date being the 
“Record Date” for the purposes of the Finnish Warrants. 
(c) 
In the case of Norwegian Warrants, upon receipt of an Exercise Notice (if any), the Norwegian 
Issuing and Paying Agent (or such other person designated by the then applicable Norwegian 
CSD Rules as responsible for such actions) shall request the relevant Dematerialised Clearing 
System(s) to verify that the person exercising the Warrants specified therein was, as at 10.00 
a.m. (local time) on the relevant Exercise Date, the Holder thereof according to the books of 
such Dematerialised Clearing System(s). If the relevant Dematerialised Clearing System(s) 
is/are unable so to verify, such Exercise Notice shall be deemed not to have been given. The 
relevant Dematerialised Clearing System(s) will, on or before the Settlement Date, debit the 
Warrants being exercised from the account of the Holder specified in the Exercise Notice (but 
without prejudice to the accrued rights of the relevant Holder). Such verification and debiting 
of the relevant securities accounts shall be done pursuant to the then applicable Norwegian CSD 
Rules, and the Norwegian Issuing and Paying Agent shall request and/or effect the transfer by 
the Holder of the relevant Norwegian Warrants to an account blocked for further transfers until 
such debiting may occur. Cash Settlement and, to the extent applicable, settlement of Physical 
Delivery Warrants will take place either by payment to an account designated by the Holder 
recorded as such on the fifth business day (as defined by the then applicable Norwegian CSD 
Rules) before the due date for such payment, or such other business day falling closer to the 
due date as may then be stipulated in said Norwegian CSD Rules (such date being the “Record 
Date” for the purposes of the Norwegian Warrants). 
(d) 
In the case of Swedish Warrants, upon receipt of an Exercise Notice (if any), the Swedish 
Issuing Agent (or such other person designated by the then applicable Swedish CSD Rules as 
responsible for such actions) shall request the relevant Dematerialised Clearing System(s) to 
verify that the person exercising the Warrants specified therein was, as at 10.00 a.m. (local 
time) on the relevant Exercise Date, the Holder thereof according to the books of such 
Dematerialised Clearing System(s). If the relevant Dematerialised Clearing System(s) is/are 
unable so to verify, such Exercise Notice shall be deemed not to have been given. The relevant 
Dematerialised Clearing System(s) will, on or before the Settlement Date, debit the Warrants 
being exercised from the account of the Holder specified in the Exercise Notice (but without 
prejudice to the accrued rights of the relevant Holder). Such verification and debiting of the 
relevant securities accounts shall be done pursuant to the then applicable Swedish CSD Rules, 
and the Issuing Agent shall request and/or effect the transfer by the Holder of the relevant 
Swedish Warrants to an account blocked for further transfers until such debiting may occur. 
Cash Settlement and, to the extent applicable, settlement of Physical Delivery Warrants will 
occur in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules and payments will be effected to the Holder 
recorded as such on the fifth business day (as defined by the then applicable Swedish CSD 
Rules) before the due date for such payment, or such other business day falling closer to the

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
due date as may then be stipulated in said Swedish CSD Rules (such date being the “Record 
Date” for the purposes of the Swedish Warrants). 
(e) 
In the case of Swiss Warrants, verification of the Holder and debiting of the relevant securities 
accounts shall be done through the Holder's custodian. Cash Settlement and, to the extent 
applicable, settlement of Physical Delivery Warrants will occur through the Holder's custodian 
in accordance with the regulations and practices of SIS and payments will be effected to the 
Holder the regulations and practices of SIS (the payment date being the “Record Date” for the 
purposes of the Swiss Warrants). 
(f) 
In the case of Danish Warrants, upon receipt of an Exercise Notice (if any), the Danish Issuing 
and Paying Agent (or such other person designated by the then applicable Danish CSD Rules 
as responsible for such actions) shall request the relevant Dematerialised Clearing System(s) to 
verify that the person exercising the Warrants specified therein was, as at 10.00 a.m. (local 
time) on the relevant Exercise Date, the Holder thereof according to the books of such 
Dematerialised Clearing System(s). If the relevant Dematerialised Clearing System(s) is/are 
unable so to verify, such Exercise Notice shall be deemed not to have been given. The relevant 
Dematerialised Clearing System(s) will, on or before the Settlement Date, debit the Warrants 
being exercised from the account of the Holder specified in the Exercise Notice (but without 
prejudice to the accrued rights of the relevant Holder). Such verification and debiting of the 
relevant securities accounts shall be done pursuant to the then applicable Danish CSD Rules, 
and the Danish Issuing and Paying Agent shall request and/or effect the transfer by the Holder 
of the relevant Danish Warrants to an account blocked for further transfers until such debiting 
may occur. Cash Settlement and, to the extent applicable, settlement of Physical Delivery 
Warrants will occur in accordance with the Danish CSD Rules and payments will be effected 
to the Holder recorded as such on the fifth business day (as defined by the then applicable 
Danish CSD Rules) before the due date for such payment, or such other business day falling 
closer to the due date as may then be stipulated in said Danish CSD Rules (such date being the 
Record Date for the purposes of the Danish Warrants). 
5.4 
Settlement 
(a) 
Cash Settled Warrants 
The Issuer shall on the Settlement Date pay or cause to be paid the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) 
less any Exercise Expenses for each duly exercised Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, to the 
Warrantholder’s account specified in the relevant Exercise Notice for value on the Settlement Date. 
Finnish Warrants, Credit Linked Warrants and Warrants with Interim Payment specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms shall always be subject to Automatic Exercise without delivery of an 
Exercise Notice. 
In the case of Warrants with Interim Payment specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer shall on each Interim Payment Date(t) pay or cause to be paid to the Warrantholder’s account 
(notified to the Issuer by the Warrantholder) the relevant Cash Settlement Amount (if any) falling due 
on such Interim Payment Date for value on such Interim Payment Date. 
In the case of Materialised Warrants (where the Clearing System is Euroclear and/or Clearstream), such 
payment will be made to or to the order or the Common Depositary in whose name the Global Warrant 
is registered. The Issuer will be discharged by payment as aforesaid. 
(b) 
Physical Delivery Warrants 
Subject to payment of the aggregate Exercise Prices multiplied by the Parity (if any) and, if 
Multiplication by the Notional Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
multiplied by the Notional Amount divided by the Initial Price and payment of any Exercise Expenses 
with regard to the relevant Warrants or Units, as the case may be, and as provided in Conditions 4/3/ 
(b) and 4.4, the Issuer shall on the Settlement Date deliver, or procure the delivery of, the Entitlement 
for each duly exercised Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, pursuant to the details specified in the

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Exercise Notice. Subject as provided in Condition 4.3, the method of delivery of the Entitlement shall 
be notified to Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10. 
5.5 
Determinations 
(a) 
In the case of Materialised Warrants, any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is 
duly completed and in proper form shall be made by Clearstream or Euroclear, as the case may 
be, in consultation with the Warrant Agent, and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, 
the Warrant Agent and the relevant Warrantholder. Subject as set out below, any Exercise 
Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form, or which is not copied to the 
Warrant Agent immediately after being delivered or sent to Clearstream or Euroclear, as the 
case may be, as provided in Condition 5.1, shall be null and void. 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of Clearstream or Euroclear, as the 
case may be, in consultation with the Warrant Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new Exercise Notice 
submitted at the time such correction was delivered to Clearstream or Euroclear and the Warrant Agent. 
Clearstream or Euroclear, as the case may be, shall use its best efforts promptly to notify the 
Warrantholder submitting an Exercise Notice if, in consultation with the Warrant Agent, it has 
determined that such Exercise Notice is incomplete or not in proper form. In the absence of negligence 
or wilful misconduct on its part, none of the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor, the Warrant Agent, 
Clearstream or Euroclear shall be liable to any person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be 
taken by it in connection with such determination or the notification of such determination to a 
Warrantholder. 
(b) 
Finnish Warrants and Warrants with Interim Payment specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms shall always be subject to Automatic Exercise without delivery of an Exercise 
Notice. 
(c) 
In the case of Norwegian Warrants, any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly 
completed and in proper form shall be made by the Norwegian Issuing and Paying Agent and 
shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Issuing Agent and the relevant Warrantholder. 
Subject as set out below, any Exercise Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper 
form shall be null and void. 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the Issuing Agent, it shall be 
deemed to be a new Exercise Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered to the Issuing 
Agent. 
The Issuing Agent shall use its best efforts to promptly notify the Warrantholder submitting an Exercise 
Notice if it has determined that such Exercise Notice is incomplete or not in proper form. In the absence 
of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, the Issuing Agent shall not be liable to any person with 
respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection with such determination or the 
notification of such determination to a Warrantholder. 
(d) 
In the case of Swedish Warrants, any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly 
completed and in proper form shall be made by the Swedish Issuing and Paying Agent and shall 
be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Issuing Agent and the relevant Warrantholder. 
Subject as set out below, any Exercise Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper 
form shall be null and void. 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the Issuing Agent, it shall be 
deemed to be a new Exercise Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered to the Issuing 
Agent. 
The Issuing Agent shall use its best efforts to promptly notify the Warrantholder submitting an Exercise 
Notice if it has determined that such Exercise Notice is incomplete or not in proper form. In the absence 
of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, the Issuing Agent shall not be liable to any person with 
respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection with such determination or the 
notification of such determination to a Warrantholder.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(e) 
In the case of Swiss Warrants, any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly 
completed and in proper form shall be made by the Swiss Issuing and Paying Agent and shall 
be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Swiss Issuing and Paying Agent and the relevant 
Warrantholder. Subject as set out below, any Exercise Notice so determined to be incomplete 
or not in proper form shall be null and void. 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the Swiss Issuing and Paying 
Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new Exercise Notice submitted at the time such correction was 
delivered to the Swiss Issuing and Paying Agent. 
The Swiss Issuing and Paying Agent shall use its best efforts to promptly notify the Warrantholder 
submitting an Exercise Notice if it has determined that such Exercise Notice is incomplete or not in 
proper form. In the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, the Swiss Issuing and Paying 
Agent shall not be liable to any person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in 
connection with such determination or the notification of such determination to a Warrantholder. 
(f) 
In the case of Danish Warrants, any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly 
completed and in proper form shall be made by the Danish Issuing and Paying Agent and shall 
be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Danish Issuing and Paying Agent and the relevant 
Warrantholder. Subject as set out below, any Exercise Notice so determined to be incomplete 
or not in proper form shall be null and void. 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the Danish Issuing and Paying 
Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new Exercise Notice submitted at the time such correction was 
delivered to the Danish Issuing and Paying Agent. 
The Danish Issuing and Paying Agent shall use its best efforts to promptly notify the Warrantholder 
submitting an Exercise Notice if it has determined that such Exercise Notice is incomplete or not in 
proper form. In the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, the Danish Issuing and 
Paying Agent shall not be liable to any person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken 
by it in connection with such determination or the notification of such determination to a Warrantholder. 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, any Warrant with respect to which 
the Exercise Notice has not been duly completed and delivered in the manner set out above by the cut-
off time specified in Condition 4.1(a), in the case of American Style Warrants or Bermudan Style 
Warrants, or Condition 4.1(b), in the case of European Style Warrants, shall become void. 
5.6 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice shall constitute an irrevocable election by the relevant Warrantholder to 
exercise the Warrants specified. After the delivery of such Exercise Notice, such exercising 
Warrantholder may not transfer such Warrants. Finnish Warrants and Warrants with Interim Payment 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms shall always be subject to Automatic Exercise 
without delivery of an Exercise Notice. 
5.7 
Exercise Risk 
Exercise of the Warrants is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices in force on the 
relevant Exercise Date and none of the Issuer and the Warrant Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever 
if it is unable to effect the transactions contemplated, after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any 
such laws, regulations or practices. None of the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and the Warrant 
Agent shall under any circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of the relevant Clearing System 
in relation to the performance of its duties in relation to the Warrants. 
5.8 
Automatic Exercise 
This paragraph only applies if Automatic Exercise is specified in respect of the Warrants in the 
applicable Final Terms and Warrants are automatically exercised as provided in Condition 4.1 except 
that this paragraph shall not apply to Swedish Warrants. If “Automatic Exercise” is specified as 
aforesaid, the relevant Warrantholders shall be deemed to have instructed and authorised the Warrant

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Agent to exercise, or procure the exercise of, the Warrants in question on behalf of such Warrantholders 
on the relevant Exercise Date or, as the case may be, Expiration Date, provided that, in the case of Cash 
Settled Warrants (other than Credit Linked Warrants), the Cash Settlement Amount is greater than zero. 
(a) 
In the case of Materialised Warrants (which are not Credit Linked Warrants), in order to receive 
the Cash Settlement Amount or the Entitlement in respect of a Warrant, or if Units are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, a Unit, as the case may be, the relevant Warrantholder must 
deliver or send by fax a duly completed Exercise Notice to Euroclear or Clearstream, as the 
case may be, with a copy to the Warrant Agent on any Business Day by not later than 10.00 
a.m. (Brussels or Luxembourg time) on the day (the “Cut-off Date”) falling 180 days after (i) 
the Expiration Date, in the case of American Style Warrants and Bermudan Style Warrants or 
(ii) the Exercise Date, in the case of European Style Warrants. 
The Exercise Notice shall include the applicable information set out in the Exercise Notice 
referred to in Condition 5.1. The Business Day during the period from the Expiration Date or 
the Actual Exercise Date, as the case may be, until the Cut-off Date on which an Exercise 
Notice is delivered to Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, and a copy thereof delivered 
to the Warrant Agent is referred to in this Condition 5.8 as the “Exercise Notice Delivery 
Date”, PROVIDED THAT, if the Exercise Notice is delivered to Euroclear or Clearstream, as 
the case may be, and a copy thereof delivered to the Warrant Agent at or after 10.00 a.m. 
(Brussels or Luxembourg time) on a Business Day, the Exercise Notice Delivery Date shall be 
deemed to be the next succeeding Business Day. 
Subject to the relevant Warrantholder performing its obligations in respect of the relevant 
Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, in accordance with these Conditions, the Settlement Date 
for such Warrants or Units, as the case may be, shall be the fourth Business Day following the 
Exercise Notice Delivery Date. In the event that a Warrantholder does not so deliver an Exercise 
Notice in accordance with this Condition 5.8 prior to 10.00 a.m. (Brussels or Luxembourg time) 
on the Cut-off Date, the Issuer’s obligations in respect of such Warrants shall be discharged 
and no further liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer. 
(b) 
Finnish Warrants are always subject to Automatic Exercise without delivery of an Exercise 
Notice. 
(c) 
In the case of Norwegian Warrants, in order to receive the Cash Settlement Amount or the 
Entitlement in respect of a Warrant, or if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
Unit, as the case may be, the relevant Warrantholder must deliver a duly completed Exercise 
Notice to the Norwegian Issuing and Paying Agent on any Business Day by not later than 10.00 
a.m. (local time) on the day (the “Cut-off Date”) falling 180 days after (i) the Expiration Date, 
in the case of American Style Warrants and Bermudan Style Warrants or (ii) the Exercise Date, 
in the case of European Style Warrants. 
The Exercise Notice shall include the applicable information set out in the Exercise Notice 
referred to in Condition 5.1. The Business Day during the period from the Expiration Date or 
the Actual Exercise Date, as the case may be, until the Cut-off Date on which an Exercise 
Notice is delivered to the Issuing Agent is referred to in this Condition 5.8 as the “Exercise 
Notice Delivery Date”, PROVIDED THAT, if the Exercise Notice is delivered to the Issuing 
Agent at or after 10.00 a.m. (local time) on a Business Day, the Exercise Notice Delivery Date 
shall be deemed to be the next succeeding Business Day. 
(d) 
In the case of Swedish Warrants, in order to receive the Cash Settlement Amount or the 
Entitlement in respect of a Warrant, or if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
Unit, as the case may be, the relevant Warrantholder must deliver or send by fax a duly 
completed Exercise Notice to the Issuing Agent on any Business Day by not later than 10.00 
a.m. (local time) on the day (the “Cut-off Date”) falling 180 days after (i) the Expiration Date, 
in the case of American Style Warrants and Bermudan Style Warrants or (ii) the Exercise Date, 
in the case of European Style Warrants.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
The Exercise Notice shall include the applicable information set out in the Exercise Notice 
referred to in Condition 5.1. The Business Day during the period from the Expiration Date or 
the Actual Exercise Date, as the case may be, until the Cut-off Date on which an Exercise 
Notice is delivered to the Issuing Agent is referred to in this Condition 5.8 as the “Exercise 
Notice Delivery Date”, PROVIDED THAT, if the Exercise Notice is delivered to the Issuing 
Agent at or after 10.00 a.m. (local time) on a Business Day, the Exercise Notice Delivery Date 
shall be deemed to be the next succeeding Business Day. 
(e) 
In the case of Swiss Warrants, in order to receive the Cash Settlement Amount or the 
Entitlement in respect of a Warrant, or if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
Unit, as the case may be, the relevant Warrantholder must deliver or send by fax (confirmed in 
writing) a duly completed Exercise Notice to the Swiss Issuing and Paying Agent on any 
Business Day until not later than 10.00 a.m. (local time) on the day (the “Cut-off Date”) falling 
180 days after (i) the Expiration Date, in the case of American Style Warrants and Bermudan 
Style Warrants or (ii) the Exercise Date, in the case of European Style Warrants. 
The Exercise Notice shall include the applicable information set out in the Exercise Notice 
referred to in Condition 5.1. The Business Day during the period from the Expiration Date or 
the Actual Exercise Date, as the case may be, until the Cut-off Date on which an Exercise 
Notice is delivered to the Swiss Issuing and Paying Agent is referred to in this Condition 5.8 as 
the Exercise Notice Delivery Date, PROVIDED THAT, if the Exercise Notice is delivered to 
the Swiss Issuing and Paying Agent at or after 10.00 a.m. (local time) on a Business Day, the 
Exercise Notice Delivery Date shall be deemed to be the next succeeding Business Day. 
(f) 
In the case of Danish Warrants, in order to receive the Cash Settlement Amount or the 
Entitlement in respect of a Warrant, or if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
Unit, as the case may be, the relevant Warrantholder must deliver or send by fax a duly 
completed Exercise Notice to the Issuing Agent on any Business Day by not later than 10.00 
a.m. (local time) on the day (the “Cut-off Date”) falling 180 days after (i) the Expiration Date, 
in the case of American Style Warrants and Bermudan Style Warrants or (ii) the Exercise Date, 
in the case of European Style Warrants. 
The Exercise Notice shall include the applicable information set out in the Exercise Notice 
referred to in Condition 5.1. The Business Day during the period from the Expiration Date or 
the Actual Exercise Date, as the case may be, until the Cut-off Date on which an Exercise 
Notice is delivered to the Issuing Agent is referred to in this Condition 5.8 as the “Exercise 
Notice Delivery Date”, PROVIDED THAT, if the Exercise Notice is delivered to the Danish 
Issuing and Paying Agent at or after 10.00 a.m. (local time) on a Business Day, the Exercise 
Notice Delivery Date shall be deemed to be the next succeeding Business Day. 
Subject to the relevant Warrantholder performing its obligations in respect of the relevant 
Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, in accordance with these Conditions, the Settlement Date 
for such Warrants or Units shall be the fourth Business Day following the Exercise Notice 
Delivery Date. In the event that a Warrantholder does not so deliver an Exercise Notice in 
accordance with this Condition 5.8 prior to 10.00 a.m. (local time) on the Cut-off Date, the 
Issuer’s obligations in respect of such Warrants shall be discharged and no further liability in 
respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer. 
(g) 
Automatic Exercise shall apply to all Credit Linked Warrants without delivery of an Exercise 
Notice. Unless a Credit Linked Warrant has been exercised prior to the Expiration Date, it will 
automatically exercise on the Expiration Date.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
6. 
Minimum and Maximum Number of Warrants Exercisable 
6.1 
American Style Warrants and Bermudan Style Warrants 
This Condition 6.1 applies only to American Style Warrants and Bermudan Style Warrants. 
(a) 
The number of Warrants exercisable by any Warrantholder on any Actual Exercise Date, as 
determined by the Issuer, must not be less than the Minimum Exercise Number specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and, if the number of Warrants exercised by a Warrantholder is greater 
than the Minimum Exercise Number, it must be an integral multiple of the number specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. Any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise Warrants in breach 
of this provision shall be void and of no effect. 
(b) 
If the Issuer determines that the number of Warrants being exercised on any Actual Exercise 
Date by any one or more Warrantholders (whether or not acting in concert) exceeds the 
Maximum Exercise Number as specified in the applicable Final Terms (a number equal to the 
Maximum Exercise Number being the “Quota”), the Issuer may deem the Actual Exercise Date 
for the first Quota of such Warrants, selected at the discretion of the Issuer, to be such day and 
the Actual Exercise Date for each additional Quota of such Warrants (and any remaining 
number thereof) to be each of the succeeding Exercise Business Days until all such Warrants 
have been attributed with an Actual Exercise Date, provided, however, that the deemed Actual 
Exercise Date for any such Warrants which would thereby fall after the Expiration Date shall 
fall on the Expiration Date. In any case where more than the Quota of Warrants are exercised 
on the same day by any Warrantholder(s), the order of settlement in respect of such Warrants 
shall be at the sole discretion of the Issuer. 
6.2 
European Style Warrants 
This Condition 6.2 applies only to European Style Warrants. 
The number of Warrants exercisable by any Warrantholder on the Exercise Date, as determined by the 
Issuer, must be equal to the Minimum Exercise Number specified in the applicable Final Terms and, if 
the number of Warrants exercised by a Warrantholder is a number greater than the Minimum Exercise 
Number, it must be an integral multiple of the number specified in the applicable Final Terms. Any 
Exercise Notice which purports to exercise Warrants in breach of this provision shall be void and of no 
effect. 
7. 
Early Settlement 
7.1 
Cancellation for Illegality 
If the Issuer determines that an Illegality Event has occurred, the Issuer may cancel the Warrants by 
giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10. 
Should any one or more of the provisions contained in these Conditions be or become invalid, the 
validity of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected thereby. 
If the Issuer cancels the Warrants then the Issuer will, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, 
pay an amount to each Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by such Warrantholder, which amount shall 
be equal to the Early Settlement Amount, notwithstanding such illegality, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. Payment will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with Condition 10. 
The Issuers shall forthwith inform the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of any such cancellation (in case 
the Warrants are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange).

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
7.2 
Early Settlement for Taxation Reasons 
If specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in the case of Warrants issued by NATIXIS, if at 
any time before the Exercise Date or, as the case may be, the Expiration Date, of the Warrants, the 
amount of any payment of the Cash Settlement Amount or, as the case may be, delivery of the 
Entitlement (or the value thereof), would not be tax-deductible (either in whole or in part) by NATIXIS 
by reason of such payment or such delivery having to be made, outside France in, or to persons 
domiciled or established in, a Non-Cooperative State, NATIXIS will have the option to terminate and 
settle any such Warrants in relation to which such payment is not tax-deductible early at the Early 
Settlement Amount upon giving notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.2, “Non-Cooperative State” means a non-cooperative State or 
territory (Etat ou territoire non coopératif) as defined in article 238-0 A of the French Code Général 
des Impôts as amended from time to time. 
NATIXIS shall forthwith inform the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of any such early settlement (in case 
the Warrants are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange). 
7.3 
Early Settlement at the Option of the Issuer 
If so provided in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 days’ nor more 
than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Warrantholders (or such other notice period as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) falling within the Issuer’s Option Period (as such period is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) terminate and settle all or, if so provided, some of the Warrants. Any such 
early settlement of any Warrants shall be at their Early Settlement Amount as defined in these 
Conditions. 
All Warrants in respect of which any such notice is given shall be terminated and settled on the date 
specified in such notice as the Issuer Optional Early Settlement Date or, if no date is specified in such 
notice, as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Issuer Optional Early Settlement 
Date”). 
The Issuer shall forthwith inform the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of any such early settlement (in case 
the Warrants are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange). 
7.4 
Early Settlement at the Option of the Warrantholder 
If so provided in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such 
Warrant, upon the Warrantholder giving not less than 15 days’ nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable 
notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
terminate and settle all or, if so provided, some of the Warrants. Any such early settlement of any 
Warrants shall be at their Early Settlement Amount as defined in these Conditions. 
All Warrants in respect of which any such notice is given shall be terminated and settled on the date 
specified in such notice as the Holder Optional Early Settlement Date or, if no date is specified in such 
notice, as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Holder Optional Early Settlement 
Date”). 
The Issuer shall forthwith inform the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of any such early settlement (in case 
the Warrants are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange). 
7.5 
Open-ended Warrants – Early Settlement 
If the Final Terms specify that the Warrants are Open-ended Warrants, the Warrants will be settled in 
accordance with this Condition 7, but will have no Exercise Date and no fixed Settlement Date. As 
such, the Issuer will not be liable for the payment of the Cash Settlement Amount on the Settlement 
Date. The Issuer will, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations in respect of each Warrant, pay or 
procure payment of the Early Settlement Amount in accordance with this Condition 7 and to the extent 
applicable in respect of the Warrants.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Open-ended Warrants may, if issued by NATIXIS, include an Issuer’s and/or a Warrantholder’s option 
to exercise the Warrants early as provided in Conditions 7.3 and/or 7.4, respectively, as the case may 
be. Open-ended Warrants issued by Natixis Structured Issuance will have an Issuer’s option and a 
Warrantholder’s option to exercise the Warrants early, as provided in Conditions 7.3 and 7.4, 
respectively. 
7.6 
Force Majeure and Significant Alteration Event 
If specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and if the Issuer determines that a Force Majeure 
Event or Significant Alteration Event has occurred, the Issuer will have the option to terminate and 
settle all but not some only of the Warrants by giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 10. 
Any such early settlement of any Warrants shall be at their Early Settlement Amount as defined in these 
Conditions. 
The Issuer shall forthwith inform the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of any such settlement (in case the 
Warrants are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange). 
8. 
Purchases 
The Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor or any of their respective Affiliates (including, if applicable, 
any Manager) may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Warrants at any price in the open market 
or by tender or private treaty. Any Warrants so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for 
cancellation in accordance with applicable legislation. 
9. 
Agents, Determinations and Modifications 
9.1 
Agent 
(a) 
The specified offices of the Agents are as set out at the end of these Conditions. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to 
appoint further or additional Agents, PROVIDED THAT no termination of appointment of the Warrant 
Agent shall become effective until a replacement Warrant Agent shall have been appointed and 
PROVIDED THAT, so long as any of the Warrants are listed on a stock exchange, there shall be an 
Agent having a specified office in each location required by the rules and regulations of the relevant 
stock exchange. Notice of any termination of appointment and of any changes in the specified office of 
any Agent will be given to Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10. In acting under the Warrant 
Agreement, each Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty 
to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Warrantholders and any determinations and 
calculations made in respect of the Warrants by the Warrant Agent shall (save in the case of manifest 
error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Warrantholders. 
(b) 
In the case of Finnish Warrants, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (“SEB”) (acting 
through its division SEB Large Corporates & Financial Institutions, Investor Services: SEB 
Large Corporates & Financial Institutions, Investor Services, Unioninkatu 30, FIN-00100 
Helsinki (the “Finnish Issuing and Paying Agent”). 
(c) 
In the case of Norwegian Warrants, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB, Oslofilialen (“SEB”), 
acting through its division SEB Merchant Banking, Custody Services): SEB Merchant Banking, 
Custody Services, Filipstad Brygge 1, N-0252 Oslo (the “Norwegian Issuing and Paying 
Agent”). 
(d) 
In the case of Swedish Warrants, so long as there are any Swedish Warrants outstanding, there 
will at all times be a Swedish CSD duly authorised as a central securities depository under the 
Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act and an issuing 
agent duly authorised as such under the Swedish CSD Rules, appointed in respect of the 
relevant Swedish Warrants (the “Swedish Issuing Agent”).

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(e) 
In the case of Swiss Warrants, BNP Paribas, Zurich branch, Selnaustrasse 16, 8002 Zurich, 
Switzerland (the “Swiss Issuing and Paying Agent”). 
(f) 
In the case of Danish Warrants, SEB acting through its Copenhagen Branch, Skandinaviska 
Enskilda Banken Danmark Filial af Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken Ab(Publ.) Sverige, 
Bernstorffsgade 50, DK-1577 Copenhagen V, Denmark (the “Danish Issuing and Paying 
Agent”). 
9.2 
Calculation Agent 
In relation to each issue of Warrants, the Calculation Agent (whether NATIXIS or another entity) acts 
solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency 
or trust for or with, the Warrantholders. All calculations and determinations made in respect of the 
Warrants by the Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error), 
to the extent permitted by applicable law, be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer (if applicable) 
the Guarantor and the Warrantholders. 
The Calculation Agent may, with the consent of the Issuer, delegate any of its obligations and functions 
to a third party as it deems appropriate. 
In relation to each issue of Dematerialised Warrants, the Issuing Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer 
and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the 
Warrantholders. 
The Issuing Agent may, with the consent of the Issuer, delegate any of its obligations and functions to 
a third party as it deems appropriate. 
9.3 
Determinations by the Issuer 
Any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to these Conditions shall (save in the case of wilful 
default, bad faith or manifest error), to the extent permitted by applicable law, be final, conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer (if applicable) the Guarantor and the Warrantholders. 
9.4 
Meetings of Warrantholders 
(a) 
The Warrant Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Warrantholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Warrant Agreement) of a modification of these Conditions or the 
Warrant Agreement. At least 21 days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given 
and of the day on which the meeting is held) specifying the date, time and place of the meeting 
shall be given to Warrantholders. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or 
Warrantholders holding not less than 10% (by number) of the Warrants for the time being 
remaining unexercised. The quorum at a meeting of the Warrantholders (except for the purpose 
of passing an Extraordinary Resolution) will be two or more persons holding or representing 
not less than 20% (by number) of the Warrants for the time being remaining unexercised, or at 
any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing Warrantholders whatever the 
number of Warrants so held or represented. The quorum at a meeting of Warrantholders for the 
purpose of passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more persons holding or 
representing not less than 50% (by number) of the Warrants for the time being remaining 
unexercised or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being holding or representing not 
less than 10% (by number) of the Warrants for the time being remaining unexercised. A 
resolution will be an Extraordinary Resolution when it has been passed at a duly convened 
meeting by not less than three fourths of the votes cast by Warrantholders at such meeting as, 
being entitled to do so, vote in person or by proxy. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any 
meeting of the Warrantholders shall be binding on all the Warrantholders, whether or not they 
are present at the meeting, save for any Warrantholder who have submitted a valid Exercise 
Notice as described in Condition 5 prior to the date of the meeting in respect of any Warrants 
which remain to be settled pursuant to these Conditions but, for the avoidance, not in respect 
of any other unexercised Warrants held by such Warrantholder. Warrants in respect of which 
an Exercise Notice has been submitted by any Warrantholder as described in Condition 5 but

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
not yet settled will not confer the right to attend or vote at, or join in convening, or be counted 
in the quorum for, any meeting of the Warrantholders. Resolutions can be passed in writing if 
passed unanimously by the holders of all outstanding Warrants. 
(b) 
In the case of Finnish Warrants, any notice to convene a meeting of holders or initiation of a 
written resolution(s) procedure in respect of any Finnish Warrants, shall, in addition to any 
other information required pursuant to the provisions in the relevant agency agreement, state 
the relevant record date on which Warrantholders must be recorded as such within Euroclear 
Finland in order to be entitled to exercise any voting power and, as applicable, the procedures 
for exercising voting rights in respect of nominee-registered Warrants in accordance with the 
Finnish CSD Rules. 
(c) 
In the case of Norwegian Warrants, any notice to convene a meeting of holders or initiation of 
a written resolution(s) procedure in respect of any Norwegian Warrants, shall, in addition to 
any other information required pursuant to the provisions in the relevant agency agreement, 
state the relevant record date on which Warrantholders must be recorded as such in the register 
of Euronext VPS in order to be entitled to exercise any voting power and, as applicable, the 
procedures for exercising voting rights in respect of nominee-registered Warrants in accordance 
with the Norwegian CSD Rules. 
(d) 
In the case of Swedish Warrants, any notice to convene a meeting of holders or initiation of a 
written resolution(s) procedure in respect of any Swedish Warrants, shall, in addition to any 
other information required pursuant to the provisions in the relevant agency agreement, state 
the relevant record date on which Warrantholders must be recorded as such in the Swedish 
Register in order to be entitled to exercise any voting power and, as applicable, the procedures 
for exercising voting rights in respect of Warrants held through duly authorised nominees in 
the clearing system. 
(e) 
In the case of Swiss Warrants, any notice to convene a meeting of holders or initiation of a 
written resolution(s) procedure in respect of any Swiss Warrants, shall, in addition to any other 
information required pursuant to the provisions in the relevant issuing and paying agency 
agreement, state the relevant record date on which Warrantholders must be recorded as such in 
order to be entitled to exercise any voting power and, as applicable, the procedures for 
exercising voting rights in respect of Warrants held in SIS. 
(f) 
In the case of Danish Warrants, any notice to convene a meeting of holders or initiation of a 
written resolution(s) procedure in respect of any Danish Warrants, shall, in addition to any other 
information required pursuant to the provisions in the relevant agency agreement, state the 
relevant record date on which Warrantholders must be recorded as such in the Danish Register 
in order to be entitled to exercise any voting power and, as applicable, the procedures for 
exercising voting rights in respect of Warrants held through duly authorised nominees in 
accordance with the Danish CSD Rules. 
9.5 
Modifications 
(a) 
The Issuers may modify these Conditions and/or the Warrant Agreement without the consent 
of the Warrantholders in any manner which the Issuers may deem necessary or desirable 
PROVIDED THAT such modification is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Warrantholders or such modification is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a 
manifest error or to cure, correct or supplement any defective or inconsistent provision 
contained herein and/or therein and, if Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, PROVIDED THAT such modification does not relate to the essential 
characteristics of the Warrants. Notice of any such modification will be given to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10 but failure to give, or non-receipt of, such 
notice will not affect the validity of any such modification.  
(b) 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be, may only modify or adjust the terms of the Warrants 
(other than as specified in paragraph (a) above) or cancel the Warrants prior to their scheduled

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Exercise Date (in the case of European Style Warrants) or Expiration Date (in the case of 
Bermudan Style Warrants or American Style Warrants), as described in these Conditions, 
where the relevant event giving rise to such modification or adjustment or to such cancellation, 
as applicable, qualifies as a (a) Significant Alteration Event or (b) Force Majeure Event. 
(c) 
For the purpose of this Condition 9.5, essential characteristics of the Warrants means 
characteristics of the Warrants that are considered essential to the Warrantholders generally, 
including without limitation the Underlying, the identity of the Issuer and/or of the Guarantor 
and the scheduled Exercise Date (in the case of European Style Warrants) or Expiration Date 
(in the case of Bermudan Style Warrants or American Style Warrants). 
(d) 
For the avoidance of doubt, articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg law dated 10 August 
1915 on commercial companies, as amended (the “Companies Law 1915”), shall not apply 
with regard to the Warrants. In addition, no Warrantholder may initiate proceedings against 
Natixis Structured Issuance based on article 470-21 of the Companies Law 1915. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Condition 9.5 (Modifications), the Calculation Agent 
may make any amendment, modification or adjustment to these Conditions or the terms of the 
relevant Warrants without the consent of the Warrantholders, to the extent it is permitted to do 
so by these Conditions including, but not limited to, Condition 20.5(d)(ii) (Consequences), 
Condition 21.7(b) (Consequences), Condition 24.5 (Succession Event) and Condition 24.6 
(General provisions concerning CLWs). 
9.6 
Duty to act in good faith and commercially reasonable manner 
In making any election, determination, modification or adjustment, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, will act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, to preserve or restore the 
economics of the agreed terms, as far as reasonably practicable. Any such election, determination, 
modification or adjustment shall not create a significant imbalance between the rights and obligations 
of the Issuer compared to the Warrantholders, to the detriment of the Warrantholders. 
10. 
Notices 
10.1 
All notices to Warrantholders shall be valid if delivered (i) to Clearstream and Euroclear for 
communication by them to the Warrantholders and (ii) if and so long as the Warrants are listed 
on a stock exchange, in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange. If the Warrants are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and 
for so long as so required by the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notices shall 
promptly be published on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website, www.luxse.com. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the second Business Day following such 
delivery or, if earlier, the date of such publication or, if published more than once, on the date 
of the first such publication. 
10.2 
In the case of Finnish Warrants, all notices to the Warrantholders shall be valid if dispatched to 
such Warrantholders at their respective addresses in the records of Euroclear Finland and 
deemed to have been given on the seventh weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) after the date of dispatch. Notices to holders of Finnish Warrants may also be given 
by delivery of the relevant notice to the Finnish Issuing and Paying Agent, except that, so long 
as such Warrants are listed on any stock exchange and the rules of such stock exchange so 
require, notices shall also be published as required by the rules of such stock exchange. 
10.3 
In the case of Norwegian Warrants, notices to holders of Norwegian Warrants may be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to the Norwegian Issuing and Paying Agent, except that, so long 
as such Warrants are listed on any stock exchange and the rules of such stock exchange so 
requires, notices shall also be published as required by the rules of such stock exchange. 
10.4 
In the case of Swedish Warrants, all notices to the Warrantholders shall be valid if dispatched 
to such Warrantholders at their respective addresses in the Swedish Register and deemed to

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after 
the date of dispatch. 
10.5 
In the case of Danish Warrants, all notices to the Warrantholders shall be valid if dispatched to 
such Warrantholders at their respective addresses in the Danish Register and deemed to have 
been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date 
of dispatch. Notices to holders of Danish Warrants may also be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to the Danish Issuing and Paying Agent, except that, so long as such Warrants are listed 
on any stock exchange and the rules of such stock exchange or other applicable regulation so 
require, notices shall also be dispatched and/or published as required by the rules of such stock 
exchange or other applicable regulation. 
11. 
Expenses and Taxation 
A holder of Warrants must pay all Exercise Expenses relating to such Warrants as provided above. 
Neither the relevant Issuer nor (if applicable) the Guarantor shall be liable for or otherwise obliged to 
pay any tax, duty, withholding or other payment (including any amounts required to be withheld or 
deducted pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 (the “Code”)) which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, exercise or enforcement of 
any Warrant and all payments made by the relevant Issuer or (if applicable) the Guarantor, shall be 
made subject to any such tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may be required to be made, 
paid, withheld or deducted and neither the relevant Isssuer nor (if applicable) the Guarantor shall be 
obliged to pay any additional amounts in respect of any such withholding or deduction. 
In addition, in determining the amount of withholding required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code 
(“871(m) Withholding”) imposed with respect to any amounts to be paid on the Warrants, the Issuer 
shall be entitled to withhold on any “dividend equivalent” (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) 
of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such payments regardless of any exemption from, or 
reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law. 
With respect to Warrants that provide for net dividend reinvestment in respect of either an underlying 
U.S. security (i.e. a security that pays U.S. source dividends) or an index that includes U.S. securities, 
all payments on the Warrants that reference such U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. securities 
may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70 
per cent. In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder will be deemed to receive, 
and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30 per cent. of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined 
in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any 
additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
12. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of Warrantholders to create and 
issue further Warrants having terms and conditions the same as the Warrants or the same in all respects 
save for the number of Warrants and date of issue and so that the same shall be consolidated with and 
form a single series with the outstanding Warrants. 
13. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
Subject as otherwise provided in these Conditions, the Warrants, the Global Warrant and the Warrant 
Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Warrants, the 
Global Warrant and the Warrant Agreement are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with 
English law. 
The Issuer and the Warrantholders agree that the courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Warrants, the Global Warrant and the Warrant 
Agreement, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or 
termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Warrants, the Global Warrant and the Warrant 
Agreement (a “Dispute”) and accordingly the Issuer and the Warrantholders in relation to any Dispute 
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. The Issuer and the Warrantholders each 
hereby irrevocably waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
The Issuer appoints NATIXIS, London Branch, Cannon Bridge, 25 Dowgate Hill, London EC4R 2YA 
as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute, 
and undertakes that, in the event of NATIXIS, London Branch ceasing so to act or ceasing to be 
registered in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service on process in England in 
respect of any Dispute. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner 
permitted by law. 
14. 
Terms for Single Share Warrants 
This Condition 14 applies to Single Share Warrants. 
14.1 
General Definitions 
“Barrier Price” means the price per Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Condition 14. 
“Company(ies)” means an issuer or issuers of the Share(s) or, as the case may be, of the Underlying 
Share as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance 
with the provisions as set out in Condition 14.5. 
“Depositary Receipt” or “DR” means a negotiable financial instrument with the ISIN (International 
Securities Identification Number) code or any other identification code as of the Issue Date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms issued by the DR Sponsor pursuant to relevant Deposit Agreement 
evidencing ownership of a specified number of Underlying Shares in the Company on deposit with a 
custodian in the issuer’s home market and quoted in the DR Specified Currency, subject to adjustment 
or replacement from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 14.5. 
“Deposit Agreement” means the agreement(s) or other instrument(s) constituting the Depositary 
Receipt, as from time to time amended or supplemented in accordance with its (their) terms. 
“DR Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“DR Sponsor” means the depositary bank, as determined by the Calculation Agent, issuing the 
Depositary Receipt. 
“Exchange” means the exchange where the Share is mainly traded, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, or otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided 
that the Exchange in respect of that Share on the Issue Date means the exchange or quotation system 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor to such exchange or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined, in its sole and absolute discretion, that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Exchange). 
“Exchange Business Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange and, if any, the 
Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding 
any such Exchange or, if any, such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Exchange Rate” means, in respect of any Exchange Rate Determination Date, the cross-currency rate 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms which appears on the page designated in the applicable 
Final Terms on such Exchange Rate Determination Date. If such rate does not appear on the page 
designated in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the Exchange Rate (or 
a method for determining the Exchange Rate).

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Exchange Rate Business Day” means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the financial centre(s) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Exchange Rate Determination Date” means, in respect of any amount for the purposes of which an 
Exchange Rate has to be determined, the Exchange Rate Business Day that is the number of Exchange 
Rate Business Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms preceding the date of determination 
of such amount by the Calculation Agent. 
“Exchange Traded Fund” or “ETF” means a fund or other pooled investment vehicle specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms the units of which (Units in an Exchange Trade Fund, as defined 
below) are listed on the Exchange subject to adjustment or replacement from time to time in accordance 
with the provisions set out in Condition 14.5. 
“ETF Administrator” means the administrator, trustee or other similar person with the primary 
administrative responsibilities for the ETF as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject to 
adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions as set out in Condition 14.5. 
“ETF Adviser” means the person appointed in the role of investment manager or investment adviser 
of the ETF as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions as set out in Condition 14.5. 
“ETF Minimum Tradable Quantity” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“ETF Underlying Index” means the benchmark index to which such ETF is linked, subject to 
adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions as set out in Condition 14.5. 
“Final Price” means either: 
(a) 
in respect of any Valuation Date,  
(i) 
for a Share other than a Share traded on any Japanese exchange, the price per Share as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on 
such Valuation Date; or  
(ii) 
for a Share traded on any Japanese exchange, the last traded price per Share for the day quoted 
by the Exchange on such Valuation Date, provided however, that if there is a closing special 
quote per Share quoted by the Exchange (tokubetsu kehaine), such quote shall be deemed to be 
the relevant Final Price; or  
(b) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates,  
(i) 
if “Average Price” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic 
average as determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the Settlement 
Currency in which the Share is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of the Relevant Prices 
on each of such Observation Dates; OR  
(ii) 
if “Minimum Price” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically 
lowest price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Relevant Prices on each of such 
Observation Dates; OR  
(iii) 
if “Maximum Price” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically 
highest price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Relevant Prices on each of such 
Observation Dates. 
“Initial Price” means either: 
(a) 
the price per Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such price is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms,  
(b) 
either:

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(i) in respect of the Strike Date, if “Strike Price” is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms the price of such Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the Strike Date, or  
(ii) in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, (a) if “Average Price” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the Settlement Currency in which the 
Share is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of the Relevant Prices on each of such 
Observation Dates; OR (b) if “Minimum Price” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest price as determined by the Calculation 
Agent of the Relevant Prices on each of such Observation Dates; OR (c) if “Maximum 
Price” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest 
price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Relevant Prices on each of such 
Observation Dates. 
 “Max” followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the greater of the numbers 
separated by a “;” inside those square brackets. 
“Min” followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the lesser of the numbers 
separated by a “;” inside those square brackets. 
“Observation Date(s)” means each date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Related Exchange” means the exchange where futures or options contracts relating to the Share are 
mainly traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, or otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that the Related Exchange in respect of the Share on 
the Issue Date means the exchange or quotation system specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or any successor to such exchange or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in 
futures or options contracts relating to the Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation 
Agent has determined, in its sole and absolute discretion, that there is comparable liquidity relative to 
the futures or options contracts relating to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Related Exchange). 
“Relevant Price” means, in respect of any Observation Date, either: 
(a) 
for a Share other than a Share traded on any Japanese exchange, the price per Share as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the Exchange on such 
Observation Date; or 
(b) 
for a Share traded on any Japanese exchange, the last traded price per Share for the day quoted 
by the Exchange on such Observation Date, provided, however, that if there is a closing special 
quote per Share quoted by the Exchange (tokubetsu kehaine), such quote shall be deemed to be 
the Relevant Price. 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means in respect of the Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of 
the hours of the regular trading session hours. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means any day on which the Exchange and the Related Exchange are 
scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions. 
“Settlement Cycle” means the period of Share Clearance System Business Days following a trade in 
the Share on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of such 
Exchange. 
“Share(s)” means an ordinary share or stock in the capital of a Company or ordinary shares or stocks 
in the capital of two or more Companies (where such Shares are traded and transferable only as a single 
unit) or, as the case may be, a Depositary Receipt evidencing ownership of the Underlying Share or, as 
the case may be, a Unit in an Exchange Traded Fund with the ISIN (International Securities

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Identification Number) code or any other identification code as of the Issue Date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment or replacement from time to time in accordance with 
the provisions set forth in Condition 14.5. 
“Share Clearance System” means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for 
settling trades in the Share at any relevant time, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Share Clearance System Business Day” means any day on which the Share Clearance System is (or, 
but for the occurrence of a Share Clearance System Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) 
open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
“Share Clearance System Settlement Disruption Event” means an event beyond the control of the 
Issuer as a result of which (i) the Share Clearance System cannot clear the transfer of the Shares or (ii) 
the Share Clearance System ceases to clear all or any of such Shares. 
“Share Performance” means, in respect of the Share and any Valuation Date and/or any Observation 
Date, a rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Relevant Formula. 
“Specific Number” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no number 
is so specified, the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to eight. 
“Underlying Share” means the share issued by the Company to which the Depositary Receipt is linked. 
“Unit in an Exchange Traded Fund” means a unit of account of ownership in the Exchange Traded 
Fund. 
“Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such time is 
specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date or Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or Strike Date or Ultimate Strike Date or Ultimate 
Valuation Date or Observation Date or Ultimate Observation Date. If such Exchange closes prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular 
trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
> means that the item or number preceding this sign will be higher than the item or number following 
this sign. 
< means that the item or number preceding this sign will be lower than the item or number following 
this sign. 
≥ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or higher than the item or number 
following this sign. 
≤ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or lower than the item or number 
following this sign. 
|𝒏| or “ABS (n)” means the absolute value of the item or number inside the brackets. 
14.2 
Valuation 
(a) 
Strike Date 
“Strike Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a 
relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Scheduled Trading Day, subject to 
“Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 14.3. 
“Scheduled Strike Date” means the original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date. 
(b) 
Valuation Date 
“Valuation Date” means the Exercise Date or any Actual Exercise Date or, if such date is not a relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Scheduled Trading Day or has such other meaning

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms – all subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set 
forth in Condition 14.3. 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means the original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing 
a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
(c) 
Observation Date 
“Observation Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is 
not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Valid Date subject to “Consequences 
of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 14.3. 
“Scheduled Observation Date” means the original Observation Date that, but for the occurrence of 
the Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date. 
14.3 
Consequences of Disrupted Day(s) 
(a) 
Definitions 
“Disrupted Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred. 
“Early Closure” means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange or, if any, the 
Related Exchange prior to its relevant Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of 
(i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into 
the Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on 
such Exchange Business Day. 
“Exchange Disruption” means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion) the ability of market 
participants in general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Shares on the relevant 
Exchange or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts 
relating to the Shares on the Related Exchange. 
“Market Disruption Event” means the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an 
Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence 
of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event begins and/or ends at the time on which the price of the 
Share triggers respectively the Knock-in Price or the Knock-out Price or (b) in all other circumstances 
ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
“Trading Disruption” means any suspension of, or limitation imposed on, trading by the relevant 
Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange or otherwise (i) 
relating to that Share on the relevant Exchange or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to that 
Share on the relevant Related Exchange. 
(b) 
Provisions 
(i) Strike Date 
If the Strike Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Strike Date shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number of 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the Ultimate Strike Date shall be deemed to be the Strike Date, notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the relevant Initial Price shall be the

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Calculation Agent’s good faith estimate of the value for the Share as of the Valuation Time on 
the Ultimate Strike Date. 
“Ultimate Strike Date” means the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific 
Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date. 
(ii) Valuation Date 
If any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then this Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number of 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Valuation Date shall be deemed to be that Valuation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the relevant Final Price shall 
be the Calculation Agent’s good faith estimate of the value for the Share as of the Valuation 
Time on that Ultimate Valuation Date. 
“Ultimate Valuation Date” means, in respect of any Scheduled Valuation Date, the Scheduled 
Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following such Scheduled Valuation Date. 
(iii) Observation Dates 
If any Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then this Observation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as of the Valuation 
Time on the Ultimate Observation Date, then (i) the Ultimate Observation Date shall be deemed 
to be the Observation Date notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) 
the relevant Relevant Price shall be the Calculation Agent’s good faith estimate of the value for 
the Share as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Observation Date. 
“Ultimate Observation Date” means the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the 
Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled 
Observation Date. 
“Valid Date” means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Observation Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
(iv) Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day is a Disrupted Day, then such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day will be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a 
Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on the relevant 
Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at 
any time during the one hour period that begins and/or ends at the time on which the price of 
the Share triggers the Knock-in Price or the Knock-out Price, a Market Disruption Event occurs 
or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred. 
14.4 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a) 
Knock-in Event 
“Knock-in Event” means that the price of the Share determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day is, as specified in the applicable Final

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Terms, (i) “greater than”, (ii) “greater than or equal to”, (iii) “less than” or (iv) “less than or equal to” 
the Knock-in Price. 
If “Knock-in Event” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, unless otherwise specified in 
such Final Terms, payment and/or delivery under the relevant Warrants resulting from the occurrence 
of such Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon such occurrence. 
“Knock-in Price” means the price per Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 14.5 and to 
“Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 14.3. 
“Knock-in Determination Day” means each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in 
Determination Period subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 14.3. 
“Knock-in Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-in Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-in Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
the Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
“Knock-in Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(b) 
Knock-out Event 
“Knock-out Event” means that the price of the Share determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day is, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, (i) “greater than”, (ii) “greater than or equal to”, (iii) “less than” or (iv) “less than or equal to” 
the Knock-out Price. 
If “Knock-out Event” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then payment and/or delivery under 
the relevant Warrants resulting from the absence of such Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon 
such absence. 
“Knock-out Price” means the price per Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject 
to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 14.5 and to 
“Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 14.3. 
“Knock-out Determination Day” means each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out 
Determination Period subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 14.3. 
“Knock-out Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-out Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Knock-out Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
14.5 
Particular Provisions 
(a) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
(i) Definitions 
“Potential Adjustment Event” means, with respect to the Company and/or the Shares, any of 
the following as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(A) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the Shares (unless resulting 
in a Merger Event), or a free distribution or dividend of such Shares to existing 
holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(B) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the Shares of (A) such 
Shares, or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of 
dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Company equally or 
proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares, or (C) share 
capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the Company as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, 
or (D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any 
case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing 
market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
a dividend which the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole discretion and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, should (in whole 
or part) be characterised as an extraordinary dividend; 
(D) 
a call by the Company in respect of the Shares that are not fully paid; 
(E) 
a repurchase by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of the Shares whether 
out of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is 
cash, securities or otherwise; 
(F) 
in respect of the Company, an event that results in any shareholder rights being 
distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares 
of the capital stock of the Company pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or 
arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the 
occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt 
instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of 
such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(G) 
any other similar event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the Shares. 
(ii) Consequences 
(A) 
If a Potential Adjustment Event occurs from, and including, the Issue Date to, 
and including, the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date, 
the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day, 
the Calculation Agent will promptly determine, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of that Share and, if so, will: 
I. 
make such adjustment(s), if any, to any one or more of the Barrier Price 
and/or the Initial Price and/or the Knock-in Price and/or the Knock-
out Price and/or the Parity and/or (in relation to Physical Delivery

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Warrants) the Entitlement and/or any of the other relevant terms of the 
Warrants that the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, to be appropriate to account for that diluting or 
concentrative effect; and 
II. 
determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the effective date(s) of 
such adjustment(s). 
The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment(s) by 
reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by 
an options exchange to options on such Share traded on such options exchange. 
(B) 
The Calculation Agent shall not be required to make an adjustment to the terms of the 
Warrants if it determines (with reference as the case may be to the adjustment method 
of the Related Exchange on which options on the Share are traded) that the theoretical 
change in value of the Share resulting from the occurrence of one or more events listed 
in the provisions hereof above is less than or equal to 1% of the value of that property 
immediately before the occurrence of that event or those events. 
(C) 
No adjustments to the property comprised within the Share will be required other than 
those specified above. However, the Issuer may cause the Calculation Agent to make 
additional adjustments to the property comprised within the Share to reflect changes 
occurring in relation to such property in other circumstances where the Issuer 
determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that such changes are appropriate. 
(b) 
Additional Disruption Events 
(i) Definitions 
“Additional Disruption Event” means any of a Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased 
Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow or Loss of Stock Borrow, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Change in Law” means, if specified as applicable in the Final Terms, that on or after the 
Trade Date: 
(A) on account of the adoption of or any change to any Applicable Regulation, or (B) on account 
of the promulgation or change in the interpretation or application of any Applicable Regulation 
by any court, tribunal, regulatory or tax authority, exchange or governmental authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any Applicable Regulation: 
(i) the Issuer or Calculation Agent determines in its sole discretion that it is unable to fulfil its obligations 
under the Warrants or that it is illegal or contrary to any Applicable Regulation for it or any of its 
affiliates or other entities affected by the Hedging Agreements to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedging 
Arrangements in relation to such Warrants; or 
(ii) there is a significant increase in the costs to it and/or to its affiliates (including, but without limitation 
to, increases related to any taxation law or any solvency or capital requirement) of holding, decreases 
in tax benefits (or other adverse effects on its tax position), acquiring or disposing of Hedging 
Arrangements or any requirements in relation to reserves, special deposits, insurance assessments or 
other requirements in relation to such Warrants. 
“Hedging Agreements” means all hedge agreements concluded by the Issuer and/or any of its 
respective affiliates or other entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements concluded at any 
time in order to hedge the Warrants, including, but not restricted to, the purchase and/or sale of 
all transferable securities, all options or all futures contracts on these transferable securities, all 
certificates of deposit in respect of these transferable securities, and all corresponding 
transactions on currencies.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Hedging Disruption” means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that the 
Issuer and/or any one of its affiliates or all entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements, is/are 
unable, despite commercially reasonable efforts, (A) to acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s), any asset(s) or any contract(s) that they may 
deem necessary in order to cover the risk arising from that entity concluding and satisfying its 
obligations by virtue of the Warrants, or (B) to realise, recover or pay the income from such 
transaction(s) or contract(s) relative to the Warrants. 
“Hedging Shares” means the number of Shares that the Issuer deems necessary to hedge the 
equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Warrants. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
that the Issuer and/or any one of its affiliates or other entities concerned by the Hedging 
Agreements, incur(s) an amount of duties, taxes, costs or commissions (other than brokerage 
commissions) which is substantially increased (compared to the circumstances existing on the 
Trade Date) in order (A) to acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, maintain, unwind or transfer 
any transaction(s) or any asset(s) which they may deem necessary to hedge the risk (in particular 
but not limited to exchange and interest rate risks) of the Issuer or any third party or affiliate 
with whom the Issuer enters into a hedging transaction on account of the conclusion and 
satisfaction of its obligations by virtue of the Warrants, or (B) to realise, recover or pay the 
income from such transaction or transactions or from such asset or assets, provided that any 
substantially increased amount incurred exclusively on account of deterioration of the solvency 
of the Issuer and/or of any of its affiliates or of other entities concerned by the Hedging 
Agreements shall not be deemed to constitute an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Increased Cost of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would 
incur a rate to borrow any Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
“Initial Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of a Share, the initial stock loan rate specified in 
relation to such Share in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Loss of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any Share in an 
amount equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan 
Rate. 
“Maximum Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of a Share, the Maximum Stock Loan Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) Consequences 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the 
Issuer may settle the Warrants upon prior notification to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 10. If the Warrants are thus settled, the Issuer shall upon such settlement pay to the 
Warrantholders an amount determined to be the fair market value of the Warrants based on the 
market conditions prevailing at the date of determination taking account of the Additional 
Disruption Event, minus the reasonable costs to the Issuer and/or its affiliates or other entities 
affected by the Hedging Agreements of unwinding underlying Hedging Arrangements, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion. Warrantholders shall be notified of each 
such payment in accordance with Condition 10. 
(c) 
Correction of Share Price 
In the event that any price published on the Exchange and which is utilised by the Calculation Agent 
for any determination (the “Original Determination”) is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
“Corrected Value”) is published by the Exchange within one Settlement Cycle after the original 
publication, then the Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer of the Corrected Value as soon as 
reasonably practicable and shall determine the value (the “Replacement Determination”) using the 
Corrected Value.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
If the result of the Replacement Determination is different from the result of the Original Determination, 
to the extent that it determines to be necessary, the Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms 
accordingly. 
(d) 
Merger Events and Tender Offers 
(i) Definitions 
“Combined Consideration” means New Shares in combination with Other Consideration. 
“Merger Date” means the closing date of a Merger Event (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such 
Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Merger Event” means any (i) reclassification or change of the Share that results in a transfer 
of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another entity or 
person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Company 
with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange in which such Company is the continuing entity and which does not 
result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, 
tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to 
purchase or otherwise obtain 100% of the outstanding Shares of the Company that results in a 
transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares 
owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share exchange of the Company or its subsidiaries with or into another entity 
in which the Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or 
change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares 
owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than 50% of the outstanding Shares immediately following such event (a 
“Reverse Merger”). 
“Minimum Percentage” means 10% or the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“New Shares” means ordinary or common shares, whether of the entity or person (other than 
the Company) involved in the Merger Event or the making of the Tender Offer or of a third 
party), that are, or that as of the Merger Date or Tender Offer Date are promptly scheduled to 
be, (i) publicly quoted, traded or listed on an exchange or quotation system located in the same 
country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union or in the United 
Kingdom, in any member state of the European Union or in the United Kingdom, as the case 
may be) and (ii) not subject to any currency exchange controls, trading restrictions or other 
trading limitations. 
“Other Consideration” means cash and/or any securities (other than New Shares) or assets 
(whether of the entity or person (other than the Company) involved in the Merger Event or the 
making of the Tender Offer or of a third party). 
“Tender Offer” means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing or otherwise 
obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than the Minimum 
Percentage and less than 100% of the outstanding voting shares of the Company, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, acting in its sole and absolute discretion, based upon the making of 
filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
“Tender Offer Date” means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in 
the amount of the applicable percentage threshold are actually purchased or otherwise obtained 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent).

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(ii) Consequences 
If the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that a Merger Event or 
a Tender Offer, has occurred at any time from, and including, the Issue Date to, and including, 
the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date, the last Knock-in Determination 
Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day, it shall forthwith notify the Issuer of the 
occurrence of such event and the relevant Merger Date or, as the case may be, Tender Offer 
Date and, if Essential Trigger is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer may elect on or after the Merger Date or, as the case may be, the Tender Offer Date: 
(A) 
in the case where the Share continues to be listed and traded on the Exchange, 
to retain such Share as the underlying share to which the Warrants relate, 
subject to any adjustments to the terms of the Warrants as the Calculation 
Agent determines appropriate; 
OR (but not and) 
(B) 
to require the Calculation Agent (a) to make such adjustment(s) to the 
termination, payment or any other terms of the Warrants as the Calculation 
Agent considers to be appropriate to account for the economic effect on the 
Warrants of such Merger Event or Tender Offer (including, without limitation, 
(A) the replacement of the Share by the number of New Shares and/or the 
amount of Other Consideration (as subsequently modified in accordance with 
any relevant terms and including the proceeds of any redemption, if applicable) 
to which a holder of a Share would be entitled upon consummation of the 
Merger Event or the Tender Offer and/or (B) the adjustment to the Barrier Price 
and/or the Initial Price and/or the Knock-in Price and/or the Knock-out Price 
and/or the Parity and/or (in relation to Physical Delivery Warrants) the 
Entitlement and/or any of the other relevant terms of the Warrants that the 
Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate to account for such 
replacement) and (b) to determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the 
effective date of such adjustment(s). 
If a holder of Shares could make an election as between different components of the 
New Shares and/or Other Consideration, the Calculation Agent shall make, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, such election for the purposes of this subparagraph (B). 
In the case of Combined Consideration, the Calculation Agent may, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, determine that the Share shall be replaced by the number of New 
Shares equal to the sum of (a) the number of New Shares, which originally formed part 
of the Combined Consideration together with (b) the number of additional New Shares 
that could be purchased using the value on the Merger Date or, as the case may be, the 
Tender Offer Date of the Other Consideration. 
In the event that the consideration for the Share consists of more than any one type of 
share or security, the Calculation Agent may determine, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, that the Share will be comprised of some but not all of such considerations 
(the “Retained Consideration”), and that the balance of the consideration shall not be 
so retained for purposes of comprising the Share (the “Non Retained Consideration”); 
provided, however, that an adjustment shall be made to the Retained Consideration 
comprising the Share so as to take into account the value of the Non Retained 
Consideration. The foregoing adjustment shall be made with reference to the values of 
the Retained Consideration and Non Retained Consideration in accordance with the 
quotations (if any) of the Retained Consideration and the Non Retained Consideration, 
respectively, made on the first Exchange Business Day following the Merger Date or, 
as the case may be, the Tender Offer Date and otherwise as the Calculation Agent may 
reasonably determine. 
OR (but not and)

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(C) 
to terminate its obligations in relation to the Warrants on the tenth Business 
Day after the Merger Date or, as the case may be, the Tender Offer Date (such 
date being an “Early Settlement Date”) by paying the Early Settlement 
Amount determined by the Calculation Agent on the Merger Date or, as the 
case may be, the Tender Offer Date. The Issuer’s obligations under the 
Warrants shall be satisfied in full upon payment of such amount. In such event, 
the Issuer shall promptly notify the Warrant Agent and the Warrantholders in 
accordance with Condition 10 that it has elected to terminate its obligations in 
relation to the Warrants (such notice stating the Early Settlement Date and the 
applicable Early Settlement Amount). 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions of 
Condition 9.5 must also be satisfied in order for the Issuer to be able to elect to adjust any 
provisions or terminate its obligations in relation to the Warrants pursuant to this Condition 14. 
(e) 
Delisting, Insolvency and Nationalisation 
(i) Definitions 
“Delisting” means that the Exchange announces that, pursuant to the rules of the Exchange, the 
Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any 
reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded 
or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange 
(or, where the Exchange is in the European Union or in the United Kingdom, in any member 
state of the European Union or in the United Kingdom, as the case may be). 
“Insolvency” means that the Company (a) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger), (b) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits 
in writing in a judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally 
to pay its debts as they become due, (c) makes a general assignment, arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors, (d) institutes or has instituted against it 
proceedings seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceedings or petition 
instituted or presented against it, such proceedings or petition (i) results in a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its 
winding-up or liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case 
within 30 calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof, (e) has a resolution passed for 
its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger), (f) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or 
for all or substantially all its assets, (g) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially 
all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, 
enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case 
within 30 calendar days thereafter, or (h) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it 
which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events 
specified in (a) to (g) above (inclusive). 
“Nationalisation” means that all the Shares or all the assets or substantially all the assets of the 
Company are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any 
governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
(ii) Consequences 
If the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that Delisting, 
Insolvency or Nationalisation has occurred in respect of the Share or the Company from, and 
including, the Issue Date to, and including, the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last 
Observation Date, the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Day, it shall forthwith notify the Issuer of such event and, if Essential Trigger is specified as 
not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may elect either: 
(A) 
to require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment(s) to the termination, 
settlement, payment or any other terms of the Warrants (including, without 
limitation, the good faith estimate by the Calculation Agent of the value of the 
Share before the effective date of such event) as it considers to be appropriate, 
and determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the effective date of such 
adjustment(s); or 
(B) 
to terminate its obligations in relation to the Warrants on the tenth Business 
Day (such day being an “Early Settlement Date”) following the day (or, if 
such day is not a Business Day, the first Business Day following the day) on 
which the Issuer receives notice from the Calculation Agent that such 
Delisting, Insolvency or Nationalisation has occurred (such day being a 
“Notification Date”) by paying the Early Settlement Amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the Notification Date. The Issuer’s obligations under 
the Warrants shall be satisfied in full upon payment of such amount. The Issuer 
shall promptly notify the Warrant Agent and the Warrantholders in accordance 
with Condition 10 that it has elected to terminate its obligations in relation to 
the Warrants (such notice stating the Early Settlement Date and the applicable 
Early Settlement Amount). 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions of 
Condition 9.5 must also be satisfied in order for the Issuer to be able to elect to adjust any 
provisions or terminate its obligations in relation to the Warrants pursuant to this Condition 14. 
(f) 
Miscellaneous 
(i) If more than one of the events set out above occurs, the adjustments (if any) to the terms of the Warrants 
for the second and subsequent events shall be to the terms of the Warrants as adjusted for preceding 
events. 
(ii) In the event that a determination is made that the Warrants will be settled by Physical Delivery and on 
or after the last Valuation Date or the last Observation Date or the last Knock-in Determination Day or 
the last Knock-out Determination Day (but before the Settlement Date) a Potential Adjustment Event, 
a Merger Event, a Delisting, an Insolvency or a Nationalisation occurs, then the Issuer shall be entitled 
(but not obliged) upon immediate notice to the Warrantholders to (i) delay the Settlement Date to such 
date that falls five Business Days following such event and (ii) cause the property comprising the 
Entitlement to be thereupon adjusted in accordance with the provisions hereof. 
(iii) As soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances after making any adjustment or modification 
to the terms of the Warrants in accordance with this Condition 14, whether in the exercise of its own 
discretion or at the request of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent will give notice thereof to the Issuer and 
to the Warrant Agent whereupon the Issuer or the Warrant Agent shall notify the Warrantholders of 
such adjustment or modification in accordance with Condition 10. 
(g) 
Additional Provisions applicable to Depositary Receipt 
If the Share specified in the applicable Final Terms is a Depositary Receipt and if this Condition 14.5(g) 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) The definition of “Potential Adjustment Event” in Condition 14.5(a)(i) shall include: 
(A) 
the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event in relation to the Underlying 
share represented by the Share; and 
(B) 
the making of any amendment or supplement to the terms of the Deposit 
Agreement.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(ii) The definition of “Merger Event” in Condition 14.5(d)(i) shall include the occurrence of any Merger 
Event in relation to the Underlying Share. 
(iii) The definitions of “Nationalisation” and “Insolvency” in Condition 14.5(e)(i) shall be construed in 
relation to the Share as if references to the Share were references to the Underlying Share. 
(iv) If the Deposit Agreement is terminated, then on or after the date of such termination, references to the 
Share herein shall be replaced by references to the Underlying Share and the Calculation Agent will 
adjust any relevant terms and will determine the effective date of such replacement and adjustments. 
(v) The definitions of “Market Disruption Event” in Condition 14.3(a) shall include the occurrence of a 
Market Disruption Event in relation to the Underlying Share. 
(h) 
Additional Provisions applicable to Exchange Traded Fund 
If the Share specified in the applicable Final Terms is a Unit in an Exchange Traded Fund and if this 
Condition 14.5(h) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the following provisions 
shall apply: 
(i) Condition 14.5(e)(i) shall include the following definitions: 
“Adjustment to the ETF Underlying Index” means that (i) the sponsor of the ETF Underlying 
Index makes a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the ETF 
Underlying Index or in any other way materially modifies the ETF Underlying Index (other 
than a modification which is already inherent in that formula or method with a view to 
maintaining the ETF Underlying Index in the event of changes in constituent stock and 
capitalisation and other routine events) or (ii) the sponsor of the ETF Underlying Index fails to 
calculate and announce the ETF Underlying Index and no successor index using, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, a substantially similar formula for and method of 
calculation as used in the calculation of the ETF Underlying Index is announced and, as a result 
of (i) or (ii) above, there is a material change in the price of the Shares. 
“Change of Investment Policy” means that the ETF Adviser of the Company effects or 
announces an intention to effect a change in the investment objectives, risk profile or investment 
guidelines of the Company in any material respect or makes any other material change to the 
terms and conditions of the Company such that the Shares cease to or are reasonably likely to 
cease to track the ETF Underlying Index. 
“FRTB Event” means in respect of any Share that the related ETF Adviser or the related ETF 
Administrator (a) does not make publicly available on a voluntary basis or as the case may be, 
as required by applicable laws and regulations, the FRTB Information and (b) in breach of an 
agreement with NATIXIS or any of its affiliates, if any, does not provide NATIXIS or any of 
its affiliates with the FRTB Information and as a consequence, NATIXIS or any of its affiliates 
would incur materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) 
capital requirements pursuant to the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book as implemented 
into French law, in holding the Shares,  
where “FRTB Information” means sufficient information, including relevant risk sensitivities 
data, in a processable format to enable NATIXIS or any of its affiliates, as a holder of the Shares 
for its hedging constraints, to calculate its market risk in relation thereto as if it were holding 
the Shares directly; “processable format” means that the format of such information can be 
readily used by NATIXIS or any of its affiliates by using the existing functionality of a software 
or application commonly used by financial institutions to compute its market risk as described 
above;  
and “Fundamental Review of the Trading Book” means the comprehensive suite of capital 
rules developed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS), which is being 
implemented in the EU, as part of CRR, as amended from time to time.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Liquidation” means that by reason of voluntary or involuntary liquidation or winding up of 
the ETF Administrator, the Shares are required to be transferred to a manager, trustee, liquidator 
or other similar official or holders of the Shares become legally prohibited from transferring 
them. 
“Redemption of Shares” means that the Shares are redeemed in accordance with their terms 
or notice of such redemption is given to the holders of the Shares. 
“Restrictions on Shares” means that the Shares cease to or are reasonably likely to cease to 
track the ETF Underlying Index by reason of (i) any failure by the ETF Adviser to act in 
accordance with the investment objectives, risk profile or investment guidelines of the 
Company, (ii) any restriction placed on the ability of the ETF Adviser to buy or sell shares or 
other property by any regulatory body, (iii) any limitation on the ability of the ETF Adviser to 
buy or sell shares or other property by reason of liquidity, adverse market conditions or decrease 
in the assets of the Company, and in any such case, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent 
such situation is unlikely to be corrected within a reasonable period of time. 
“Termination of ETF Adviser” and/or “ETF Administrator” means that (i) voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy or any analogous insolvency proceedings, including for the 
avoidance of doubt, bankruptcy, civil rehabilitation proceedings, corporate reorganisation 
proceedings, company arrangement or special liquidation are commenced with respect to the 
ETF Adviser or the ETF Administrator or (ii) the appointment of the ETF Adviser or ETF 
Administrator of the Company is terminated in accordance with its terms or notice of such 
termination is given to the holders of the Shares or (iii) the ETF Adviser or ETF Administrator 
of the Company fails to maintain or obtain, as the case may be, all required approvals and 
authorisations by the relevant financial and administrative authorities necessary to perform its 
obligations in respect of the Company and the Shares or (iv) if it becomes illegal or impossible 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent for the ETF Adviser or ETF Administrator of the 
Company to continue to act as ETF Adviser or ETF Administrator of the Company, and in any 
such case in the determination of the Calculation Agent no appropriate successor is appointed 
to act as adviser or administrator, as the case may be, of the Company. 
(ii) Condition 14.5(e)(ii) shall be construed as if reference to the Delisting, Insolvency or Nationalisation 
were also references to “Adjustment to the ETF Underlying Index”, “Change of Investment Policy”, 
“FRTB Event”, “Liquidation”, “Redemption of Shares”, “Restrictions on Shares”, “Termination of 
Adviser and/or Administrator” as defined above. 
(i) 
Settlement by Physical Delivery 
(i) Definitions 
“Clearance System” means indiscriminately the Share Clearance System, Clearstream 
Luxembourg or Euroclear. 
“Clearance System Business Day” means any day on which each of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
as the case may be, and the Share Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of a Settlement 
Disruption Event, would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement 
instructions. 
“Clearstream Luxembourg” means, Clearstream Banking S.A. (or any successor thereof). 
“Delivery Agent” means NATIXIS, or any other delivery agent appointed by the Issuer, which 
term shall include any successor or any agent acting on behalf thereof, as the case may be. The 
Delivery Agent will act solely as agent of the Issuer and will not assume any obligations to, or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Warrantholders. The Issuer reserves the right at 
any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Delivery Agent and to appoint or not 
another Delivery Agent. 
“Disruption Cash Settlement Price” means, in respect of any Warrant or, if Units are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, an amount in the Settlement

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms equal to the fair market value of a 
Warrant or Unit less (i) the Residual Cash Amount and (ii) if Unwind Costs are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer of unwinding any underlying 
related Hedging Arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear SA/NV (or any successor thereof). 
“Integral Number of Shares” means, in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, an integral number of Shares equal 
to the Relevant Number of Shares rounded downwards to the nearest integral number, except 
if “Warrants to be aggregated for the purposes of determining the number of Shares to be 
delivered” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in which case “Integral 
Number of Shares” shall be deemed not applicable. For the avoidance of doubt the Integral 
Number of Shares as of the Issue Date may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Physical Delivery Reference Amount” means an amount for each Warrant or Unit, specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; or if such Physical Delivery Reference Amount is not specified, 
the Notional Amount. 
“Physical Delivery Rounding Convention” means the method specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such Physical Delivery Rounding Convention is not specified, the figure to 
be rounded shall be rounded upwards to the nearest third decimal. 
“Prevailing Exchange Rate” means, in respect of any date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the cross-currency rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms which appears 
on the page designated in the applicable Final Terms. If such rate does not appear on the page 
designated in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the Prevailing 
Exchange Rate (or a method for determining the Prevailing Exchange Rate). 
“Relevant Number of Shares” means, in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, a number of Shares equal to (i) the 
Physical Delivery Reference Amount for each Warrant or Unit multiplied by the Prevailing 
Exchange Rate (if any) divided by (ii) the Share Reference Price, subject to the Physical 
Delivery Rounding Convention and to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions as set out in this Condition 14.5. For the avoidance of doubt, the Relevant Number 
of Shares as of the Issue Date may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Residual Cash Amount” means, in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, an amount in the Settlement Currency 
specified in the applicable Final Terms equal to the product of (i) the Residual Number of 
Shares and (ii) the Ultimate Final Price divided by the Prevailing Exchange Rate (if any). 
“Residual Number of Shares” means, in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, a number of Shares equal to (i) the 
Relevant Number of Shares minus (ii) the Integral Number of Shares; except if “Warrants to be 
aggregated for the purposes of determining the number of Shares to be delivered” is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in which case “Residual Number of Shares” shall 
be deemed not applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the Residual Number of Shares as of the 
Issue Date may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Settlement Date” means the Settlement Date as defined in Condition 3; provided that if a 
Settlement Disruption Event does prevent delivery on that day, then the Settlement Date will 
be the first succeeding day on which delivery of the Integral Number of Shares can take place 
through the relevant Clearance System unless a Settlement Disruption Event prevents 
settlement on each of the five Clearance System Business Days immediately following the 
original date that, but for the Settlement Disruption Event, would have been the Settlement 
Date. In that case, (a) if the Integral Number of Shares can be delivered in any other 
commercially reasonable manner, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, 
then the Settlement Date will be the first day on which settlement of a sale of the Integral

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Number of Shares executed on that fifth Clearance System Business Day customarily would 
take place using such other commercially reasonable manner of delivery (which other manner 
of delivery will be deemed to be the relevant Clearance System for the purposes of delivery of 
the relevant Integral Number of Shares), and (b) if the Integral Number of Shares cannot be 
delivered in any other commercially reasonable manner, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole discretion, then in lieu of physical settlement the Issuer may satisfy its 
obligations in respect of each of the relevant Warrants or Units by payment to the 
Warrantholders of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price on the third Business Day following 
such fifth Clearance System Business Day. For the avoidance of doubt, where a Settlement 
Disruption Event affects some but not all of the shares or securities comprised in the Relevant 
Number of Shares, the Settlement Date for shares or securities not affected by the Settlement 
Disruption Event will be the Expiration Date. In the event that a Settlement Disruption Event 
will result in the delivery on the Settlement Date of some but not all of the shares or securities 
comprised in the Relevant Number of Shares, the Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole 
discretion the appropriate pro rata portion of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price which the 
Issuer, to satisfy its obligations in respect of each of the relevant Warrants or Units to the extent 
the Issuer has not already done so by delivery of shares or securities comprised in the Relevant 
Number of Shares, will pay to the Warrantholders on the third Business Day following the fifth 
Clearance System Business Day. 
“Settlement Disruption Event” means an event beyond the control of the Issuer or the 
Delivery Agent as a result of which (i) Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, or the 
Share Clearance System cannot clear the transfer of the Shares or (ii) Euroclear or Clearstream, 
as the case may be, or the Share Clearance System ceases to clear all or any of such Shares. 
“Share Reference Price” means, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) the amount per 
Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) the Initial Price or (iii) the Ultimate 
Final Price. 
“Ultimate Final Price” means the Final Price or, if there are several Valuation Dates, the Final 
Price in respect of the last Valuation Date, or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(ii) Provisions 
(i) In the case of Physical Settlement, provided that notice of Settlement by Physical Delivery 
shall be made by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to the Issuing and Paying Agent and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream or other relevant clearing system(s), as the case may be, on 
or immediately after the last Valuation Date or the last Observation Date or the last Knock-
in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day, each Warrantholder shall 
not later than two Business Days before the Settlement Date (the “Delivery Notice Date”) 
(or on such earlier date as the Calculation Agent, acting in its sole discretion, shall 
determine is necessary for the Issuer and Euroclear and/or Clearstream or other relevant 
clearing system(s), as the case may be, to perform their respective obligations under the 
Warrants and which earlier date has been notified to the Issuer, and of which the Issuer 
shall then promptly inform Warrantholders) send to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or other 
relevant clearing system(s), as the case may be, (in accordance with its then applicable 
operating procedures and accepted methods of communication), an irrevocable notice 
designating its security and cash accounts for the purposes of Physical Settlement and 
details of such accounts at Euroclear or Clearstream or the Share Clearance System (the 
“Delivery Notice”). 
(ii) For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall be under no obligation to compensate or 
indemnify the Warrantholder(s) for any delay or failure on the part of the Issuer or the 
Delivery Agent to deliver or procure the delivery of the Integral Number of Shares on the 
Settlement Date and/or to pay or procure the payment of the Residual Cash Amount on the 
Settlement Date to the Warrantholder(s) to the extent Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the 
case may be, does not receive the Delivery Notice from the Warrantholder(s) on (or before,

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
as may be applicable) the Delivery Notice Date or, to the extent that for any reason 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream fail, or fail within any relevant period, to transmit (whether 
or not in accordance with its then applicable operating procedures and accepted methods 
of communication) any notice by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Delivery Agent to its 
participants. Without prejudice to the preceding sentence and Condition 15.3(b)(iv), in the 
event that Euroclear and/or Clearstream do not receive a Delivery Notice from a 
Warrantholder on or before the tenth Business Day following the Settlement Date, the 
Issuer shall be entitled (but not obliged) to pay to such Warrantholder, as soon as reasonably 
practicable on or following such date an amount, determined by the Calculation Agent in 
its sole and absolute discretion and notified to the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, (to be communicated by them to the 
relevant Warrantholders) in writing promptly following such determination, equal to the 
fair market value of such Integral Number of Shares and/or the Residual Cash Amount at 
the date determined in good faith by the Issuer, in full satisfaction of its obligations under 
such Warrants. 
(iii) A Delivery Notice once delivered to Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, shall be 
irrevocable and may not be withdrawn without the consent in writing of the Issuer. A 
Warrantholder may not transfer any Warrant that is the subject of a Delivery Notice 
following delivery of such Delivery Notice to Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may 
be. 
(iv) A Delivery Notice shall only be valid to the extent that Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as 
the case may be, have not received conflicting prior instructions in respect of the Warrants 
or Units that are the subject of the Delivery Notice. Failure properly and timely to provide 
a Delivery Notice may result in such notice being treated as null and void. Any 
determination as to whether such notice has been properly provided shall be made by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, after consultation with the Issuer and 
shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the relevant Warrantholder. If a Delivery 
Notice has not been provided properly and timely, the Issuer or the Delivery Agent shall 
not be obliged to make any payment or delivery in respect of the Warrants which are the 
subject of the Delivery Notice. 
(v) Receipt by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, of a valid Delivery Notice 
shall be deemed to constitute (i) written confirmation of an irrevocable election and 
undertaking by the relevant Warrantholder to select the account at Euroclear or Clearstream 
or the Share Clearance System specified therein and (ii) an undertaking by the relevant 
Warrantholder to pay any costs, applicable value added or sales taxes, transfer taxes, stamp 
duties and other taxes and duties due by reason of delivery of the Integral Number of Shares 
to the account at Euroclear or Clearstream or the Share Clearance System or to reimburse 
Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, or the Share Clearance System in respect of 
any such costs, taxes or duties. 
(vi) In the event that any Warrant is not represented by a Global Warrant held on behalf of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, the Issuer or the Delivery Agent shall procure 
that notice shall be provided to the relevant Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 
10, describing the method by which an account at the Share Clearance System shall be 
irrevocably designated for such Warrantholders and such designation shall be binding on 
the Issuer and such Warrantholders. 
(vii) 
Upon receipt of such Delivery Notice, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may 
be, shall (a) verify that the person specified therein as the Warrantholder is the holder of 
the specified number of Warrants according to its books (provided that if such verification 
shows that such person is not the Warrantholder according to its books, the Delivery Notice 
shall not be valid) and (b) shall, in accordance with its then applicable operating procedures, 
send a copy of the Delivery Notice to the Issuer, the Delivery Agent and such other persons 
as the Issuer or the Delivery Agent may previously have specified.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
The number of Warrants delivered by the same Warrantholder for settlement shall not 
be aggregated for the purpose of determining the number of Shares to be delivered in 
respect of such Warrants. However if the paragraph “Warrants to be aggregated for the 
purposes of determining the number of Shares to be delivered” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the Warrants delivered by the same 
Warrantholder for exchange shall be aggregated for the purpose of determining the 
number of Shares to be delivered in respect of such Warrants. In such case, the Shares 
deliverable to a Warrantholder in respect of the Warrants held by it will be a whole 
number of Shares provided that where the number of Shares which would otherwise be 
deliverable hereunder includes a fraction of such Shares, the number of such Shares 
shall be rounded downwards to the nearest integral number and the cash equivalent of 
such fraction (the “Additional Cash Amount”) will be paid to this Warrantholder. The 
Additional Cash Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency specified in 
the applicable Final Terms equal to the product of (i) the above mentioned fraction and 
(ii) the Exchange traded price of the Share as of the close of trading on the Exchange 
on the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such price is not available in 
the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent on such date, the price determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Delivery of any Shares is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices and 
neither the Issuer nor the Delivery Agent shall incur liability whatsoever if it is unable 
to deliver or procure the delivery of the Shares to the Warrantholder because of any 
such laws, regulations or practices. Neither the Issuer nor the Delivery Agent shall 
under any circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, as may be applicable, and/or the Share Clearance System in relation to 
the performance of the duties in relation to the Warrants, including but not limited to 
the delivery of the Shares to the Warrantholder. 
After delivery by the Issuer or the Delivery Agent to the relevant Warrantholder(s) 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as may be applicable, and/or the Share 
Clearance System of the Shares (if applicable) and for such period of time as the Issuer 
or its agent or nominee shall continue to be registered in any clearance system or 
otherwise as the owner of the Shares (the “Intervening Period”), neither the Issuer nor 
its agent or nominee shall: 
(a) 
be under any obligation to deliver to such Warrantholder(s) or any subsequent 
beneficial owner of the Shares any letter, certificate, notice, circular, dividend 
or any other document or payment whatsoever received by the Issuer or its 
agent or nominee in its capacity as the holder thereof; or 
(b) 
exercise any or all rights (including voting rights) attaching to such Shares or 
part thereof during the Intervening Period without the prior written consent of 
the relevant Warrantholder(s), provided that neither the Issuer nor its agent or 
nominee shall be under any obligation to exercise any such rights during the 
Intervening Period; or 
(c) 
be under any liability to such Warrantholder(s) or any subsequent beneficial 
owner of the Shares in respect of any loss or damage which such 
Warrantholder(s) or subsequent beneficial owner may sustain or suffer as a 
result, whether directly or indirectly, of the Issuer or its agent or nominee being 
registered in such clearance system or otherwise during such Intervening 
Period as legal owner of the Shares. 
The Issuer or the Delivery Agent shall not be under any obligation to register or procure 
the registration of any holder of any Warrant, or any other person acting on behalf of 
such holder, or any other person, as the registered holder of any Shares in respect of 
such Warrant.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
No right to dividends on the Shares will accrue to Warrantholders prior to the 
Settlement Date. 
15. 
Terms for Basket Share Warrants 
This Condition 15 applies to Basket Share Warrants. 
15.1 
General Definitions 
“Affected Share” means any Share affected by a Share Event. 
“Announcement Date” means respectively (i) in the case of a Nationalisation, the date of the first 
public announcement to nationalise (whether or not subsequently amended) that leads to the 
Nationalisation, (ii) in the case of an Insolvency, the date of the first public announcement of the 
dissolution, appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator or other similar official, institution 
of a proceeding or presentation of a petition or passing of a resolution (or other analogous procedure in 
any jurisdiction) that leads to the Insolvency, and (iii) in the case of a Delisting, the date of the first 
public announcement by the Exchange that the Shares will cease to be listed, traded or publicly quoted 
in the manner described in the definition “Delisting” as set out in Condition 15.5(e)(i). If the 
announcement of such Share Event is made after the actual closing time for regular trading session on 
the relevant Exchange, without regard to any after hours or any other trading outside of such regular 
trading session hours, the Announcement Date shall be deemed to be the next following relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Barrier Price” means either: 
(a) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, in respect of 
any Share comprising the Basket, the price per such Share specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the price per 
Basket specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 15.5. 
“Basket” means either: 
(a) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a set comprising 
at any time a number of different Shares equal to the Specified Number of Shares specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a basket 
composed of Shares of each Company specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relative 
proportions or number of Shares of each Company specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 15.5 
and to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set out in Condition 15.3. The Basket shall be specified on 
the Issue Date in a table set forth in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Company(ies)” means, in respect of any Share(s), or, as the case may be, any Underlying Share 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, an issuer or issuers of such Share or, as the case may be, such 
Underlying Share as specified in the applicable Final Terms with respect to the definition of Basket 
(collectively the “Companies”), subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions as set out in Condition 15.5. 
“Depositary Receipt” or “DR” means a negotiable financial instrument with the ISIN (International 
Securities Identification Number) code or any other identification code as of the Issue Date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms issued by the DR Sponsor pursuant to the relevant Deposit 
Agreement evidencing ownership of a specified number of Underlying Shares in the Company on 
deposit with a custodian in the issuer’s home market and quoted in the DR Specified Currency, subject

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
to adjustment or replacement from time to time in accordance with the provisions set out in Condition 
15.5. 
“Deposit Agreement” means, in relation to any DR, the agreement(s) or other instrument(s) 
constituting this DR, as from time to time amended or supplemented in accordance with its (their) terms. 
“DR Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“DR Sponsor” means the depositary bank, as determined by the Calculation Agent, issuing the 
Depositary Receipt. 
“Effective Date” means, if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
(i) in respect of any Share Event which is a Merger Event or, as the case may be, a Tender Offer, the 
Merger Date or, as the case may be, the Tender Offer Date and (ii) in respect of any other Share Event, 
the earliest of (a) the date on which the Calculation Agent becomes aware of the occurrence of such 
event, provided that (x) for the avoidance of doubt such date cannot occur before the relevant 
Announcement Date and (y) if the Calculation Agent becomes aware of the occurrence of such event 
after the actual closing time for regular trading session on the relevant Exchange, without regard to any 
after hours or any other trading outside of such regular trading session hours, then the Effective Date 
shall be deemed to be the next following relevant Scheduled Trading Day, and (b) the date on which 
such Share Event becomes effective. 
“Exchange” means, in respect of any Share, the exchange where this Share is mainly traded, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, or otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that the Exchange in respect of that Share on the Issue Date means 
the exchange or quotation system specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor to 
such exchange or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in this Share has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
“ETF Administrator” means the administrator, trustee or other similar person with the primary 
administrative responsibilities for the ETF as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject to 
adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions as set out in Condition 15.5. 
“ETF Adviser” means the person appointed in the role of investment manager or investment adviser 
of the ETF as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions as set out in Condition 15.5. 
“ETF Minimum Tradable Quantity” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“ETF Underlying Index” means the benchmark index to which such ETF is linked, subject to 
adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions as set out in Condition 15.5. 
“Exchange Business Day” means, in respect of any Share, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
relevant Exchange and, if any, the relevant Related Exchange are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or, if any, such Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Exchange Rate” means, in respect of any Exchange Rate Determination Date, the cross-currency rate 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms which appears on the page designated in the applicable 
Final Terms on such Exchange Rate Determination Date. If such rate does not appear on the page 
designated in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the Exchange Rate (or 
a method for determining the Exchange Rate). 
“Exchange Rate Business Day” means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the financial centre(s) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Exchange Rate Determination Date” means, in respect of any amount for the purposes of which an 
Exchange Rate has to be determined, the Exchange Rate Business Day that is the number of Exchange 
Rate Business Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms preceding the date of determination 
of such amount by the Calculation Agent. 
“Exchange Traded Fund” or “ETF” means a fund or other pooled investment vehicle specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms the units of which (Units in an Exchange Traded Fund, as defined 
below) are listed on the Exchange subject to adjustment or replacement from time to time in accordance 
with the provisions set out in Condition 15.5. 
“Final Price” means, in respect of any Share, either: 
(a) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of any 
Share: 
(i) 
in respect of any Valuation Date:  
(a) for a Share other than a Share traded on any Japanese exchange, the price per such 
Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the relevant Valuation Time on the 
relevant Exchange on such Valuation Date;  
(b) for a Share traded on any Japanese exchange, the last traded price per such Share for 
the day quoted by the Exchange on such Valuation Date, provided however, that if there 
is a closing special quote per such Share quoted by the Exchange (tokubetsu kehaine), 
such quote shall be deemed to be the relevant Final Price;  
(ii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates,  
(a) if “Average Price” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit 
of the Settlement Currency in which the Share is valued (with halves being rounded up)) 
of the Relevant Prices on each of such Observation Dates; or 
(b) if “Minimum Price” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
numerically lowest price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Relevant Prices 
on each of such Observation Dates; or 
(c) if “Maximum Price” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
numerically highest price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Relevant Prices 
on each of such Observation Dates.  
or 
(b) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms:  
(i) 
in respect of any Valuation Date, an amount for the Basket determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for the Shares of each Company as 
the product of (i) the price per such Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as 
of the relevant Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on such Valuation Date and 
(ii) the relevant Weighting; or  
(ii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates:  
(a) if “Average Price” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation Agent of the amounts 
for the Basket calculated on each of such Observation Dates as the sum of the 
values for the Shares of each Company as the product of (i) the Relevant Price 
of such Share on each of such Observation Dates and (ii) the relevant Weighting; 
or

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(b) if “Minimum Price” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the numerically lowest number as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
amounts for the Basket calculated on each of such Observation Dates as the sum 
of the values for the Shares of each Company as the product of (i) the Relevant 
Price of such Share on each of such Observation Dates and (ii) the relevant 
Weighting; or 
(c) if “Maximum Price”is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the numerically highest number as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
amounts for the Basket calculated on each of such Observation Dates as the sum 
of the values for the Shares of each Company as the product of (i) the Relevant 
Price of such Share on each of such Observation Dates and (ii) the relevant 
Weighting.  
“Initial Price” means either:  
(a) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of any 
Share, the price per such Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
price is specified in the applicable Final Terms, either  
(i) 
in respect of the Strike Date, if “Strike Price” is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms the price of such Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the Strike Date, or  
(ii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates,  
(a) if “Average Price” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the 
nearest unit of the Settlement Currency in which the Share is valued (with halves 
being rounded up)) of the Relevant Prices on each of such Observation Dates; or  
(b) if “Minimum Price” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the numerically lowest price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
Relevant Prices on each of such Observation Dates; or  
(c) if “Maximum Price” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the numerically highest price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
Relevant Prices on each of such Observation Dates. 
(b) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the price per 
Basket specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such price is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or either  
(i) 
in respect of the Strike Date, if “Strike Price” is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, an amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal to 
the sum of the values for the Shares of each Company as the product of (i) the price per 
such Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the relevant Valuation Time 
on the relevant Exchange on the Strike Date and (ii) the relevant Weighting; or  
(ii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates:  
(a) if “Average Price” is specified as applicable in the applicable Terms, the 
arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation Agent of the amounts for 
the Basket calculated on each of such Observation Dates as the sum of the 
values for the Shares of each Company as the product of (i) the Relevant Price 
of such Share and (ii) the relevant Weighting; or  
(b) if “Minimum Price” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the numerically lowest number as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
amounts for the Basket calculated on each of such Observation Dates as the

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
sum of the values for the Shares of each Company as the product of (i) the 
Relevant Price of such Share and (ii) the relevant Weighting; or  
(c) if “Maximum Price” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the numerically highest number as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
amounts for the Basket calculated on each of such Observation Dates as the 
sum of the values for the Shares of each Company as the product of (i) the 
Relevant Price of such Share (ii) the relevant Weighting.  
 “Highest Performing Share” means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any Observation Date, 
the Share with the Highest Share Performance on such Valuation Date and/or such Observation Date. 
“Highest Share Performance” means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any Observation Date, 
the numerically highest Share Performance as determined by the Calculation Agent among the Share 
Performances determined on such Valuation Date and/or such Observation Date. 
“Lowest Performing Share” means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any Observation Date, 
the Share with the Lowest Share Performance on such Valuation Date and/or such Observation Date. 
“Lowest Share Performance” means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any Observation Date, 
the numerically lowest Share Performance as determined by the Calculation Agent among the Share 
Performances determined on such Valuation Date and/or such Observation Date. 
“Max” followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the greater of the numbers 
separated by a “;” inside those square brackets. 
“Min” followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the lesser of the numbers 
separated by a “;” inside those square brackets. 
“Observation Date(s) ” means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Related Exchange” means, in respect of any Share, the exchange where futures or options contracts 
relating to this Share are mainly traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, or otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that the Related Exchange in 
respect of this Share on the Issue Date may be specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or any 
successor to such exchange or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures 
or options contracts relating to the Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent 
has determined, in its sole and absolute discretion, that there is comparable liquidity relative to the 
futures or options contracts relating to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation 
system as on the original Related Exchange). 
“Relevant Price” means, in respect of any Share and any Observation Date, either: 
(a) 
for a Share other than a Share traded on any Japanese exchange, the price per such Share as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the relevant Valuation Time on the relevant 
Exchange on such Observation Date; or 
(b) 
for a Share traded on any Japanese exchange, the last traded price per such Share for the day 
quoted by the Exchange on such Observation Date, provided however, that if there is a closing 
special quote per such Share quoted by the Exchange (tokubetsu kehaine), such quote shall be 
deemed to be the Relevant Price. 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of any Share and in respect of the relevant Exchange or, 
if any, the relevant Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing 
time of such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard 
to after hours or any other trading outside of the hours of the regular trading session hours. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means, in respect of any Share, any day on which the relevant Exchange 
and the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular 
trading sessions.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Settlement Cycle” means, in respect of any Share, the period of relevant Share Clearance System 
Business Days following a trade in this Share on the relevant Exchange in which settlement will 
customarily occur according to the rules of such Exchange. 
“Share(s)” means an ordinary share or stock in the capital of the applicable Company or ordinary shares 
or stocks in the capital of two or more Companies (including where such Shares are traded and 
transferable only as a single unit) or, as the case may be, a Depositary Receipt evidencing ownership of 
the Underlying Share or, as the case may be, a Unit in an Exchange Traded Fund as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms with respect to the definition of Basket with the ISIN (International Securities 
Identification Number) code or any other identification code as of the Issue Date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment or replacement from time to time in accordance with 
the provisions set out in Condition 15.5. 
“Share Clearance System Settlement Disruption Event” means, in respect of any Share, an event 
beyond the control of the Issuer as a result of which (i) the relevant Share Clearance System cannot 
clear the transfer of these Shares or (ii) the relevant Share Clearance System ceases to clear all or any 
of such Shares. 
“Share Clearance System” means, in respect of any Share, the principal domestic clearance system 
customarily used for settling trades in these Shares at any relevant time, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
“Share Clearance System Business Day” means, in respect of any Share, any day on which this Share 
Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of a Share Clearance System Settlement Disruption 
Event, would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
“Share Event” means, in respect of any Share, that a Merger Event, a Tender Offer, Delisting, 
Insolvency or Nationalisation occurs. 
“Share Performance” means, in respect of any Share and any Valuation Date, a rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions of 
the Warrants, the name of which is stipulated in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Specific Number” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no number 
is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to eight. 
 “Specified Number of Shares”, if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. The number of different 
Shares comprising the Basket shall be equal at any time to the Specified Number of Shares. 
“Underlying Share” means, in respect of any Depositary Receipt, the share issued by the Company to 
which such Depositary Receipt is linked. 
“Unit in an Exchange Traded Fund” means a unit of account of ownership in the relevant Exchange 
Traded Fund. 
“Valuation Time” means, in respect of any Share, the time specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if no such time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the 
relevant Valuation Date or Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or Strike 
Date or Ultimate Strike Date or Ultimate Valuation Date or Observation Date or Ultimate Observation 
Date. If such Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is 
after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual 
closing time. 
“Weighting” or “Wi” means, in respect of any Share, the percentage or the fraction in respect of such 
Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
> means that the item or number preceding this sign will be higher than the item or number following 
this sign.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
< means that the item or number preceding this sign will be lower than the item or number following 
this sign. 
≥ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or higher than the item or number 
following this sign. 
≤ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or lower than the item or number 
following this sign. 
|𝒏| or “ABS (n)” means the absolute value of the item or number inside the brackets. 
15.2 
Valuation 
(a) 
Strike Date 
“Strike Date” means, in respect of any Share, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Scheduled Trading 
Day, subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set out in Condition 15.3. 
“Scheduled Strike Date” means, in respect of any Share, the original date that, but for the occurrence 
of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date. 
(b) 
Valuation Date 
“Valuation Date” means, in respect of any Share, any Actual Exercise Date or, if such date is not a 
relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Scheduled Trading Day or has such other 
meaning as is specified in the applicable Final Terms – all subject to “Consequences of Disrupted 
Day(s)” set out in Condition 15.3. 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means, in respect of any Share, the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
(c) 
Observation Date 
“Observation Date” means, in respect of any Share, each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Valid Date 
subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s) ” set forth in Condition 15.3. 
“Scheduled Observation Date” means the original Observation Date that, but for the occurrence of 
the Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date. 
15.3 
Consequences of Disrupted Day(s) 
(a) 
Definitions 
“Disrupted Day” means, in respect of any Share, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange 
or, if any, the Related Exchange in respect of that Share fails to open for trading during its regular 
trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
“Early Closure” means, in respect of any Share, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the 
Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange in respect of that Share prior to its relevant Scheduled 
Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session 
on such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange system 
for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
“Exchange Disruption” means, in respect of any Share, any event (other than an Early Closure) that 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion) the 
ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, this 
Share on the relevant Exchange, or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or 
options contracts relating to this Share on the Related Exchange.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Market Disruption Event” means, in respect of any Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that (a) for the 
purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event begins and/or ends at the time 
on which the price of this Share triggers respectively the Knock-in Price or the Knock-out Price or (b) 
in all other circumstances ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
“Trading Disruption” means, in respect of any Share, any suspension of, or limitation imposed on, 
trading by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason 
of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to that Share on the relevant Exchange, or (ii) in futures or options 
contracts relating to that Share on the relevant Related Exchange. 
(b) 
Provisions 
(i) Strike Date 
i. If, in respect of any Share, the Strike Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Strike Date for 
this Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted 
Day, unless each of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day. 
ii. In that case, (i) the Ultimate Strike Date shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for this 
Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the relevant 
Initial Price shall be the Calculation Agent’s good faith estimate of the value for this 
Share as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike Date. 
iii. “Ultimate Strike Date” means, in respect of any Share, the Scheduled Trading Day 
which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following the Scheduled Strike Date. 
(ii) Valuation Date 
If, in respect of any Share, any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then this Valuation 
Date for this Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days 
immediately following the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Valuation Date shall be deemed to be that Valuation 
Date for this Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
relevant Final Price shall be the Calculation Agent’s good faith estimate of the value for 
this Share as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate Valuation Date. 
“Ultimate Valuation Date” means, in respect of any Share and any Scheduled Valuation 
Date, the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following such Scheduled Valuation Date. 
(iii) Observation Dates 
If, in respect of any Share, any Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then this 
Observation Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid 
Date has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Observation Date, then 
(i) the Ultimate Observation Date shall be deemed to be the Observation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the relevant Relevant 
Price shall be the Calculation Agent's good faith estimate of the value for the Share as of 
the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Observation Date. 
“Ultimate Observation Date” means, in respect of any Share, the Scheduled Trading 
Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following the Scheduled Observation Date.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Valid Date” means, in respect of any Share, a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day and on which another Observation Date does not or is not deemed to 
occur. 
(iv) Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day is a Disrupted Day, then such Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day will be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of 
a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on 
the relevant Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day and at any time during the one hour period that begins and/or ends at 
the time on which the price of the Share triggers the Knock-in Price or the Knock-out 
Price, a Market Disruption Event occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-
out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred. 
15.4 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a) 
Knock-in Event 
“Knock-in Event” means either: 
(i) if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the price(s) of any 
Share(s) determined by the Calculation Agent as of the relevant Knock-in Valuation Time of a number 
of Shares equal to the Knock-in Number of Shares specified in the applicable Final Terms on any 
Knock-in Determination Day is(are), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) “greater than”, (ii) 
“greater than or equal to”, (iii) “less than” or (iv) “less than or equal to” its(their) respective Knock-in 
Price(s); or 
(ii) if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the amount for 
the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for the Shares of each 
Company as the product of (i) the price of such Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Knock-in Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on any Knock-in Determination Day and (ii) the 
relevant Number of Shares comprised in the Basket is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) 
“greater than”, (ii) “greater than or equal to”, (iii) “less than” or (iv) “less than or equal to” the Knock-
in Price. 
If “Knock-in Event” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then payment and/or delivery under 
the relevant Warrants resulting from the occurrence of such Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon 
such occurrence. 
“Knock-in Number of Shares” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or 
if no number is specified the Knock-in Number of Shares shall be deemed equal to one. 
“Knock-in Price” means, either: 
(i) if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and in respect of any 
Share, the price of such Share specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the price per 
Basket specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 15.5 
and to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set out in Condition 15.3.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Knock-in Determination Day” means, in respect of any Share, each Scheduled Trading Day during 
the Knock-in Determination Period subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set out in Condition 
15.3. 
“Knock-in Determination Period” means, in respect of any Share, the period which commences on, 
and includes, the Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period 
Ending Date. 
“Knock-in Period Beginning Date” means, in respect of any Share, the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-in Period Ending Date” means, in respect of any Share, the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-in Valuation Time” means, in respect of any Share, the time or period of time on any Knock-in 
Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable 
Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time. 
(b) 
Knock-out Event 
“Knock-out Event” means either: 
(i) if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the price(s) of any 
Share(s) determined by the Calculation Agent as of the relevant Knock-out Valuation Time of a number 
of Shares equal to the Knock-out Number of Shares specified in the applicable Final Terms on any 
Knock-out Determination Day is(are), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) “greater than”, (ii) 
“greater than or equal to”, (iii) “less than” or (iv) “less than or equal to” its(their) respective Knock-out 
Price(s); or 
(ii) if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the amount for 
the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for the Shares of each 
Company as the product of (i) the price of such Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Knock-out Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on any Knock-out Determination Day and (ii) the 
relevant Number of Shares comprised in the Basket is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) 
“greater than”, (b) “greater than or equal to”, (c) “less than” or (d) “less than or equal to” the Knock-
out Price. 
If “Knock-out Event” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then payment and/or delivery under 
the relevant Warrants resulting from the absence of such Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon 
such absence. 
“Knock-out Number of Shares” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or 
if no number is specified the Knock-out Number of Shares shall be deemed equal to one. 
“Knock-out Price” means either: 
(i) if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of any Share, 
the price per Share specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the price per Basket 
specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 15.5 
and to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set out in Condition 15.3.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Knock-out Determination Day” means, in respect of any Share, each Scheduled Trading Day during 
the Knock-out Determination Period subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set out in 
Condition 15.3. 
“Knock-out Determination Period” means, in respect of any Share, the period which commences on, 
and includes, the Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period 
Ending Date. 
“Knock-out Period Beginning Date” means, in respect of any Share, the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Period Ending Date” means, in respect of any Share, the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Valuation Time” means, in respect of any Share, the time or period of time on any Knock-
out Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable 
Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time. 
15.5 
Particular Provisions 
(a) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
(i) Definitions 
“Potential Adjustment Event” means, with respect to any Company and/or any Share, any of 
the following as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(A) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of Shares (unless resulting in a 
Merger Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing 
holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(B) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant Shares of (A) 
such Shares, or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to 
payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Company 
equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares, or 
(C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned 
(directly or indirectly) by the Company as a result of a spin-off or other similar 
transaction, or (D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other 
assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the 
prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
a dividend which the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole discretion and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, should (in whole 
or part) be characterised as an extraordinary dividend; 
(D) 
a call by the Company in respect of Shares that are not fully paid; 
(E) 
a repurchase by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Shares 
whether out of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such 
repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(F) 
in respect of the Company, an event that results in any shareholder rights being 
distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares 
of the capital stock of the Company pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or 
arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the 
occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of 
such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(G) 
any other similar event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the relevant Shares. 
(ii) Consequences 
(A) 
If, in respect of any Share, a Potential Adjustment Event occurs from, and 
including, the Issue Date to, and including, the latest of the last Valuation Date, 
the last Observation Date, the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last 
Knock-out Determination Day, the Calculation Agent will promptly determine, 
in its sole and absolute discretion, whether such Potential Adjustment Event 
has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of that Share and, 
if so, will: 
I. 
make such adjustment(s), if any, to any one or more of the Barrier Price 
and/or the Initial Price and/or the Knock-in Price and/or the Knock-
out Price and/or the Parity and/or (in relation to Physical Delivery 
Warrants) the Entitlement and/or any of the other relevant terms of the 
Warrants that the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, to be appropriate to account for that diluting or 
concentrative effect; and 
II. 
determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the effective date(s) of 
such adjustment(s). 
The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment(s) by 
reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by 
an options exchange to options on such Share traded on such options exchange. 
(B) 
The Calculation Agent shall not be required to make an adjustment to the terms of the 
Warrants if it determines (with reference as the case may be to the adjustment method 
of the Related Exchange on which options on this Share are traded) that the theoretical 
change in value of any Share resulting from the occurrence of one or more events listed 
in the provisions hereof above is less than or equal to 1% of the value of that property 
immediately before the occurrence of that event or those events. 
(C) 
No adjustments to the property comprised within any Share will be required other than 
those specified above. However, the Issuer may cause the Calculation Agent to make 
additional adjustments to the property comprised within any Share to reflect changes 
occurring in relation to such property in other circumstances where the Issuer 
determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that such changes are appropriate. 
(b) 
Additional Disruption Events  
(i) Definitions 
“Additional Disruption Event” means any of a Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased 
Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow or Loss of Stock Borrow, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Change in Law” means, if specified as applicable in the Final Terms, that on or after the 
Trade Date: 
(A) on account of the adoption of or any change to any Applicable Regulation, or (B) on account 
of the promulgation or change in the interpretation or application of any Applicable Regulation

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
by any court, tribunal, regulatory or tax authority, exchange or governmental authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any Applicable Regulation: 
(i) the Issuer or Calculation Agent determines in its sole discretion that it is unable to fulfil its 
obligations under the Warrants or that it is illegal or contrary to any Applicable Regulation 
for it or any of its affiliates or other entities affected by the Hedging Agreements to hold, 
acquire or dispose of Hedging Arrangements in relation to such Warrants; or 
(ii) there is a significant increase in the costs to it and/or to its affiliates (including, but without 
limitation to, increases related to any taxation law or any solvency or capital requirement) 
of holding, decreases in tax benefits (or other adverse effects on its tax position), acquiring 
or disposing of Hedging Arrangements or any requirements in relation to reserves, special 
deposits, insurance assessments or other requirements in relation to such Warrants. 
“Hedging Agreements” means all hedge agreements concluded by the Issuer and/or any of its 
respective affiliates or other entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements concluded at any 
time in order to hedge the Warrants, including, but not restricted to, the purchase and/or sale of 
all transferable securities, all options or all futures contracts on these transferable securities, all 
certificates of deposit in respect of these transferable securities, and all corresponding 
transactions on currencies.  
“Hedging Disruption” means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that the 
Issuer and/or any one of its affiliates or all entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements, is/are 
unable, despite commercially reasonable efforts, (A) to acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s), any asset(s) or any contract(s) that they may 
deem necessary in order to cover the risk arising from that entity concluding and satisfying its 
obligations by virtue of the Warrants, or (B) to realise, recover or pay the income from such 
transaction(s) or contract(s) relative to the Warrants. 
“Hedging Shares” means the number of Shares that the Issuer deems necessary to hedge the 
equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Warrants. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
that the Issuer and/or any one of its affiliates or other entities concerned by the Hedging 
Agreements, incur(s) an amount of duties, taxes, costs or commissions (other than brokerage 
commissions) which is substantially increased (compared to the circumstances existing on the 
Trade Date) in order (A) to acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, maintain, unwind or transfer 
any transaction(s) or any asset(s) which they may deem necessary to hedge the risk (in particular 
but not limited to exchange and interest rate risks) of the Issuer or any third party or affiliate 
with whom the Issuer enters into a hedging transaction on account of the conclusion and 
satisfaction of its obligations by virtue of the Warrants, or (B) to realise, recover or pay the 
income from such transaction or transactions or from such asset or assets, provided that any 
substantially increased amount incurred exclusively on account of deterioration of the solvency 
of the Issuer and/or of any of its affiliates or of other entities concerned by the Hedging 
Agreements shall not be deemed to constitute an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Increased Cost of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would 
incur a rate to borrow any Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
“Initial Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of a Share, the initial stock loan rate specified in 
relation to such Share in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Loss of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any Share in an 
amount equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan 
Rate. 
“Maximum Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of a Share, the Maximum Stock Loan Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(ii) Consequences 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the 
Issuer may settle the Warrants upon prior notification to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 10. If the Warrants are thus settled, the Issuer shall upon such settlement pay to the 
Warrantholders an amount determined to be the fair market value of the Warrants based on the 
market conditions prevailing at the date of determination taking account of the Additional 
Disruption Event, minus the reasonable costs to the Issuer and/or its affiliates or other entities 
affected by the Hedging Agreements of unwinding underlying Hedging Arrangements, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion. Warrantholders shall be notified of each 
such payment in accordance with Condition 10. 
(c) 
Correction of Share Price 
In the event that, in respect of any Share, any price published on the Exchange and which is utilised by 
the Calculation Agent for any determination (the “Original Determination”) is subsequently corrected 
and the correction (the “Corrected Value”) is published by the relevant Exchange within one relevant 
Settlement Cycle after the original publication, then the Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer of the 
Corrected Value as soon as reasonably practicable and shall determine the relevant value (the 
“Replacement Determination”) using the Corrected Value. 
If the result of the Replacement Determination is different from the result of the Original Determination, 
to the extent that it determines to be necessary, the Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms 
accordingly. 
(d) 
Merger Events and Tender Offers 
(i) Definitions 
“Combined Consideration” means New Shares in combination with Other Consideration. 
“Exchange Ratio” means the number of New Shares that a holder of an Affected Share is 
entitled to receive on the Merger Date. 
“Merger Date” means the closing date of a Merger Event (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such 
Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Merger Event” means, in respect of any Share, any (i) reclassification or change of the Share 
that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Shares 
outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share exchange of the relevant Company with or into another entity or person (other than a 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such Company is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares 
outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100% of the outstanding Shares 
of this Company that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such 
Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of this Company or its 
subsidiaries with or into another entity in which this Company is the continuing entity and 
which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results 
in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) 
immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50% of the outstanding 
Shares immediately following such event (a “Reverse Merger”). 
“Minimum Percentage” means 10% or the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“New Shares” means, in respect of any Share, ordinary or common shares, whether of the 
entity or person (other than the relevant Company) involved in the Merger Event or the making

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
of the Tender Offer or a third party), that are, or that as of the Merger Date or Tender Offer 
Date are promptly scheduled to be, (i) publicly quoted, traded or listed on an exchange or 
quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within 
the European Union or in the United Kingdom, in any member state of the European Union or 
in the United Kingdom,as the case may be) and (ii) not subject to any currency exchange 
controls, trading restrictions or other trading limitations. 
“New Shares Conditions” means, in respect of New Shares, that these New Shares (i) are not 
already a Share already comprised in the Basket, (ii) are or will be, listed on an Exchange, (iii) 
are, or will be, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the subject of a large and liquid 
market and (iv) comply with any Additional New Shares Conditions specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, if there is more than one company issuing New Shares 
in respect of the relevant Merger Event or, as the case may be, Tender Offer, such conditions 
shall be applied separately to the shares of each such company. 
“Other Consideration” means, in respect of any Share, cash and/or any securities (other than 
New Shares) or assets (whether of the entity or person (other than the relevant Company) 
involved in the Merger Event or the making of the Tender Offer or a third party). 
“Other Consideration Ratio” means either (i) if the Other Consideration is quoted on an 
exchange on the Merger Date, the closing price of that Other Consideration on the relevant 
exchange on the Merger Date or (ii) if such Other Consideration is not quoted on an exchange 
on such date, the Calculation Agent’s good faith estimate of the value at which such Other 
Consideration could be sold to a willing buyer in an arm’s length transaction on the Merger 
Date, in both cases expressed in terms of the number of New Shares that a holder of an Affected 
Share is entitled to receive on the Merger Date. 
“Share Differential” means, in respect of any Share, a number equal to the price of this Share 
as of the relevant Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Merger Date or, as 
the case may be, Tender Offer Date (or if such price is not available, the Calculation Agent’s 
good faith estimate of the value of such Share as of the relevant Valuation Time on such date) 
divided by the relevant Initial Price in respect of such Share. 
“Share-for-Combined” means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the 
consideration for the relevant Shares consists solely of Combined Consideration. 
“Share-for-Other” means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration 
for the relevant Shares consists solely of Other Consideration. 
“Share-for-Share” means (i) in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the 
consideration for the relevant Shares consists (or, at the option of the holder of such Shares, 
will consist) solely of New Shares, and (ii) a Reverse Merger. 
“Tender Offer” means, in respect of any Share, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, 
solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person 
purchasing or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, 
greater than the Minimum Percentage and less than 100% of the outstanding voting shares of 
the relevant Company, as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in its sole and absolute 
discretion, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or 
such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
“Tender Offer Date” means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in 
the amount of the applicable percentage threshold are actually purchased or otherwise obtained 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
(ii) Consequences 
If the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that a Share-for-Share 
Merger Event, Share-for-Other Merger Event, Share-for-Combined Merger Event, Share-for-
Share Tender Offer, Share-for-Other Tender Offer, Share-for-Combined Tender Offer, a

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Merger Event or a Tender Offer, has occurred in respect of any Share at any time from, and 
including, the Issue Date to, and including, the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last 
Observation Date, the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination 
Day, it shall forthwith notify the Issuer of the occurrence of such event and the relevant Merger 
Date or, as the case may be, Tender Offer Date and, if Essential Trigger is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may elect on or after the Merger Date or, 
as the case may be, the Tender Offer Date: 
(A) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
I. 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the New Share Conditions are 
satisfied as of the Merger Date or, as the case may be, the Tender Offer 
Date, then the New Shares and the company issuing those New Shares 
will be deemed to be that Share and that Company respectively, the 
Calculation Agent shall be entitled to adjust accordingly any relevant 
terms of the Warrants to account for the economic effect on the 
Warrants of such Merger Event and to reflect the number of New 
Shares to which a holder of one such Affected Share is entitled in 
exchange for the Affected Share, provided that such adjustment shall 
only apply after the Merger Date; or 
II. 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the New Share Conditions are 
not satisfied as of the Merger Date or, as the case may be, the Tender 
Offer Date, the Affected Share shall be replaced by a Substitute Share 
in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 15.5(f); or (but 
not and) 
(B) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
I. 
and in the case where the Share continue to be listed and traded on the 
Exchange, to retain such Share in the Basket, subject to any 
adjustments to the terms of the Warrants as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate; or 
II. 
to require the Calculation Agent (a) to make such adjustment(s) to the 
termination, payment or any other terms of the Warrants as the 
Calculation Agent considers to be appropriate to account for the 
economic effect on the Warrants of such Merger Event or Tender Offer 
(including, without limitation, (A) the replacement of the Share by the 
number of New Shares and/or the amount of Other Consideration (as 
subsequently modified in accordance with any relevant terms and 
including the proceeds of any redemption, if applicable) to which a 
holder of a Share would be entitled upon consummation of the Merger 
Event or the Tender Offer and/or (B) the adjustment to the relevant 
terms of the Warrants that the Calculation Agent determines to be 
appropriate to account for such replacement) and/or (C) the 
replacement of the Affected Share in the Basket by the cash value of 
such Affected Share, as determined in good faith by the Calculation 
Agent and (b) to determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the 
effective date of such adjustment(s). 
If a holder of Shares could make an election as between different components 
of the New Shares and/or Other Consideration, the Calculation Agent shall 
make, in its sole and absolute discretion, such election for the purposes of this 
sub-paragraph (B). 
In the case of Combined Consideration, the Calculation Agent may, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, determine that the Share shall be replaced by the

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
number of New Shares equal to the sum of (a) the number of New Shares, 
which originally formed part of the Combined Consideration together with (b) 
the number of additional New Shares that could be purchased using the value 
on the Merger Date or, as the case may be, the Tender Offer Date of the Other 
Consideration. 
In the event that the consideration for the Share consists of more than any one 
type of share or security, the Calculation Agent may determine, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, that the Share will be comprised of some but not all of such 
considerations (the “Retained Consideration”), and that the balance of the 
consideration shall not be so retained for purposes of comprising the Share (the 
“Non Retained Consideration”); provided, however, that an adjustment shall 
be made to the Retained Consideration comprising the Share so as to take into 
account the value of the Non Retained Consideration. The foregoing 
adjustment shall be made with reference to the values of the Retained 
Consideration and Non Retained Consideration in accordance with the 
quotations (if any) of the Retained Consideration and the Non Retained 
Consideration, respectively, made on the first Exchange Business Day 
following the Merger Date or, as the case may be, the Tender Offer Date and 
otherwise as the Calculation Agent may reasonably determine; or (but not and) 
(C) 
whether Separate Valuation is applicable or not, to terminate its obligations in 
relation to the Warrants on the tenth Business Day after Merger Date or, as the 
case may be, the Tender Offer Date (such date being an Early Settlement Date) 
by paying the Early Settlement Amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the Merger Date or, as the case may be, the Tender Offer Date. The Issuer’s 
obligations under the Warrants shall be satisfied in full upon payment of such 
amount. In such event, the Issuer shall promptly notify the Warrant Agent and 
the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10 that it has elected to 
terminate its obligations in relation to the Warrants (such notice stating the 
Early Settlement Date and the applicable Early Settlement Amount). 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions of 
Condition 9.5 must also be satisfied in order for the Issuer to be able to elect to adjust any 
provisions or terminate its obligations in relation to the Warrants pursuant to this Condition 15. 
(e) 
Delisting, Insolvency and Nationalisation 
(i) Definitions 
“Delisting” means, in respect of any Share, that the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant 
to the rules of this Exchange, this Share ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly 
quoted on this Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and is not 
immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the 
same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is in the European Union or in the 
United Kingdom, in any member state of the European Union or in the United Kingdom). 
“Insolvency” means, in respect of any Share, that the relevant Company (a) is dissolved (other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), (b) becomes insolvent or is unable 
to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding 
or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due, (c) makes a general 
assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors, (d) institutes or 
has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such 
proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition (i) results 
in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of 
an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained in each case within 30 calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof, (e) has

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than pursuant 
to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), (f) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment 
of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other 
similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets, (g) has a secured party take 
possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially 
all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 calendar days thereafter, or (h) causes 
or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, 
has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (a) to (g) (inclusive). 
“Nationalisation” means, in respect of any Share, that all these Shares or all the assets or 
substantially all the assets of the relevant Company are nationalised, expropriated or are 
otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof. 
(ii) Consequences 
If the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that Delisting, 
Insolvency or Nationalisation has occurred in respect of any Share or any Company from, and 
including, the Issue Date to, and including, the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last 
Observation Date, the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination 
Day, it shall forthwith notify the Issuer of such event and, if Essential Trigger is specified as 
not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may elect either: 
(A) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
to require the Calculation Agent to determine its good faith estimate of the 
value of such Share (the “Share Value”) which may be, for the avoidance of 
doubt, equal to zero, provided that the Calculation Agent may (but is not 
obliged to) decide that the Share Value shall be deemed to be the Other 
Consideration and reinvested in a Substitute Share in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Condition 15.5(f); or 
(B) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, to require the Calculation Agent (a) to make such adjustment(s) to the 
termination, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Warrants as it, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, considers to be appropriate, (including, without 
limitation, the good faith estimate by the Calculation Agent of the value of the 
Share before the effective date of such event, taking into account that the value 
of such Share may, for the avoidance of doubt, replace such Affected Share in 
the Basket or be equal to zero) and (b) determine, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, the effective date of such adjustment(s); or 
(C) 
whether Separate Valuation is applicable or not, to settle all (but not some only) 
of the Warrants on the tenth Business Day following the day (or, if such day is 
not a Business Day, the first Business Day following the day) on which the 
Issuer receives notice from the Calculation Agent that such Insolvency has 
occurred (such day being a “Notification Date”). The Warrants shall be settled 
on the Early Settlement Date at the Early Settlement Amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent as of the Notification Date. The Issuer’s obligations 
under the Warrants shall be satisfied in full upon payment of such amount. The 
Issuer shall promptly notify the Warrant Agent and the Warrantholders in 
accordance with Condition 10 that it has elected to settle the Warrants (such 
notice stating the Early Settlement Date and the applicable Early Settlement 
Amount). 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions of 
Condition 9.5 must also be satisfied in order for the Issuer to be able to elect to adjust any 
provisions or terminate its obligations in relation to the Warrants pursuant to this Condition 15.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(f) 
Substitution 
(i) Definitions 
“Market Value” means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be respectively: 
(A) 
in respect of the Substitute Share (the “Market Value of the Substitute 
Share”), the closing price per Substitute Share on the relevant exchange on the 
Substitution Date; 
(B) 
in respect of the Substitute Consideration (the “Market Value of the 
Substitute Consideration”): 
I. 
if such Substitute Consideration is quoted on an exchange on the 
Substitution Date, the closing price per Substitute Consideration on the 
relevant exchange on the Substitution Date; and/or 
II. 
if such Substitute Consideration is not quoted on an exchange on the 
Substitution Date, the Calculation Agent’s good faith estimate of the 
value at which the Substitute Consideration could be sold to a willing 
buyer in an arm’s length transaction on the Substitution Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Market Value of Other Consideration shall be deemed 
to be expressed as an amount per Affected Share. 
“Substitute Share” means, in respect of any Affected Share, a share selected by the Calculation 
Agent to replace that Affected Share which satisfies each of the following criteria: 
(A) 
it is not already a Share comprised in the Basket (except if such Share is a New Share 
received as a consequence of a de-merger Event in respect of which the New Share 
Conditions are satisfied); 
(B) 
it is a share in respect of which no Share Event would occur immediately upon its 
substitution for the relevant Affected Share; 
(C) 
it is listed on a regulated exchange and is traded on an exchange, quotation system or 
market that the Calculation Agent determines is of comparative size and liquidity 
relative to the Substitute Share as the Exchange is relative to the Affected Share; 
(D) 
it is issued to the extent that this is possible by a company located in the same 
geographical area as the Company relating to the Affected Share; and 
(E) 
it is part, to the extent that this is possible, of the same economic sector as the Company 
relating to the Affected Share. 
“Substitute Consideration” means (i) the Affected Share or (ii) New Shares and/or Other 
Consideration exchanged or otherwise received in respect of the Affected Share. 
“Substitution Date” means, in respect of any Share Event and any Share, the third Exchange 
Business Day (on which, if relevant, no Market Disruption Event has occurred) succeeding the 
Effective Date. 
(ii) Consequences 
If Essential Trigger is specified as no applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the 
occurrence of a Share Event with respect to an Affected Share (other than a Share-for-
Combined Merger Event or a Share-for-Combined Tender Offer or a Share-for-Share Merger 
Event or a Share-for-Share Tender Offer where the New Share Conditions are satisfied): 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Market Value of the Substitute 
Consideration and the Market Value of the Substitute Share;

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(B) 
the Substitute Share and the company issuing those Substitute Shares will be 
deemed to be the “Share” and the “Company” respectively with effect on the 
Substitution Date; 
(C) 
the relevant Initial Price will be adjusted by the Calculation Agent by dividing 
(i) such relevant Initial Price by (ii) an amount equal to (x) the Market Value 
of the Substitute Consideration divided by (y) the Market Value of the 
Substitute Share, provided that such adjustment shall only apply after the 
Substitution Date; and 
(D) 
the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to adjust accordingly any of the other 
relevant terms of the Warrants (including, but not limited to, any of the relevant 
Barrier Price and/or the Knock-in Price and/or the Knock-out Price which will 
be adjusted by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology 
above defined and/or the Parity), provided that such adjustment shall only 
apply after the Substitution Date. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions of 
Condition 9.5 must also be satisfied in order for the Issuer to be able to elect to adjust any 
provisions or terminate its obligations in relation to the Warrants pursuant to this Condition 15. 
(g) 
Cut-off Date 
(i) Definitions 
“Cut-off Date” means, in respect of any Valuation Date, the Scheduled Trading Day which is 
the first of the Cut-off Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately preceding such 
Valuation Date. 
“Cut-off Number” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no 
number is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to five. 
(ii) Consequences 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Conditions 15.5(a) and 15.5(d), if a Share Event occurs 
during the period from the relevant Cut-off Date to any Valuation Date (both dates inclusive), 
the relevant Final Price of the Affected Share shall be the price determined by the Calculation 
Agent as being its good faith estimate of the fair market value of the Affected Share. 
(h) 
Miscellaneous 
(i) If more than one of the events set out above occurs, the adjustments (if any) to the terms of the Warrants 
for the second and subsequent events shall be to the terms of the Warrants as adjusted for preceding 
events. 
(ii) In the event that a determination is made that the Warrants will be settled by Physical Delivery and on 
or after the last Valuation Date or the last Observation Date or the last Knock-in Determination Day or 
the last Knock-out Determination Day (but before the Settlement Date) a Potential Adjustment Event, 
a Merger Event, a Delisting, an Insolvency or a Nationalisation occurs, then the Issuer shall be entitled 
(but not obliged) upon immediate notice to the Warrantholders to (a) delay the Settlement Date to such 
date that falls five Business Days following such event and (b) cause the property comprising the 
Entitlement to be thereupon adjusted in accordance with the provisions hereof. 
(iii) As soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances after making any adjustment or modification 
to the terms of the Warrants in accordance with these Conditions, whether in the exercise of its own 
discretion or at the request of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent will give notice thereof to the Issuer and 
to the Warrant Agent whereupon the Issuer or the Warrant Agent shall notify the Warrantholders of 
such adjustment or modification in accordance with Condition 10.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(i) 
Additional Provisions applicable to Depositary Receipt 
If any Share comprising the Basket specified in the applicable Final Terms is a Depositary Receipt and 
if this Condition 15.5(i) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the following 
provisions shall apply for this Share: 
(i) The definition of “Potential Adjustment Event” in Condition 15.5(a)(i) shall include: 
(A) 
the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event in relation to the Underlying 
Share represented by the Share; and 
(B) 
the making of any amendment or supplement to the terms of the Deposit 
Agreement. 
(ii) The definition of “Merger Event” in Condition 15.5(d)(i) shall include the occurrence of any Merger 
Event in relation to the Underlying Share. 
(iii) The definitions of “Nationalisation” and “Insolvency” in Condition 15.5(e)(i) shall be construed in 
relation to the Share as if reference to the Share was reference to the Underlying Share. 
(iv) If the relevant Deposit Agreement is terminated, then on or after the date of such termination, references 
to the Share herein shall be replaced by references to the Underlying Share and the Calculation Agent 
will adjust any relevant terms and will determine the effective date of such replacement and 
adjustments. 
(v) The definition of “Market Disruption Event” in Condition 15.3(a) shall include the occurrence of a 
Market Disruption Event in relation to the Underlying Share. 
(j) 
Additional Provisions applicable to Exchange Traded Fund 
If the Share comprising the Basket specified in the applicable Final Terms is a Unit in an Exchange 
Traded Fund and if this Condition 15.5(j) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) Condition 15.5 shall include the following definitions: 
“Adjustment to the ETF Underlying Index” means in respect of any ETF, that if (a) the 
sponsor of the ETF Underlying Index makes a material change in the formula for or the method 
of calculating the ETF Underlying Index or in any other way materially modifies the ETF 
Underlying Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain 
the ETF Underlying Index in the event of changes in constituent stock and capitalisation and 
other routine events) or (b) the sponsor of the ETF Underlying Index fails to calculate and 
announce the ETF Underlying Index and no successor index using, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of the ETF Underlying Index is announced and as a result there is a material change 
in the price of the Shares. 
“Change of Investment Policy” means, in respect of any ETF, that the ETF Adviser of the 
Company effects or announces an intention to effect a change in the investment objectives, risk 
profile or investment guidelines of the Company in any material respect or makes any other 
material change to the terms and conditions of the Company such that the Shares cease to or 
are reasonably likely to cease to track the ETF Underlying Index. 
“FRTB Event” means in respect of any Share that the related ETF Adviser or the related ETF 
Administrator (a) does not make publicly available on a voluntary basis or as the case may be, 
as required by applicable laws and regulations, the FRTB Information and (b) in breach of an 
agreement with NATIXIS or any of its affiliates, if any, does not provide NATIXIS or any of 
its affiliates with the FRTB Information and as a consequence, NATIXIS or any of its affiliates 
would incur materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) 
capital requirements pursuant to the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book as implemented 
into French law, in holding the Shares.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“FRTB Information” means sufficient information, including relevant risk sensitivities data, 
in a processable format to enable NATIXIS or any of its affiliates, as a holder of the Shares for 
its hedging constraints, to calculate its market risk in relation thereto as if it were holding the 
Shares directly; “processable format”means that the format of such information can be readily 
used by NATIXIS or any of its affiliates by using the existing functionality of a software or 
application commonly used by financial institutions to compute its market risk as described 
above. 
“Fundamental Review of the Trading Book” means the comprehensive suite of capital rules 
developed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS), which is being 
implemented in the EU, as part of CRR, as amended from time to time. 
“Liquidation” means, in respect of any ETF, that by reason of voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation or winding up of the ETF Administrator, the Shares are required to be transferred 
to a manager, trustee, liquidator or other similar official or holders of the Shares become legally 
prohibited from transferring them. 
“Redemption of Shares” means, in respect of any ETF, that the Shares are redeemed in 
accordance with their terms or notice of such redemption is given to the holders of the Shares. 
“Restrictions on Shares” means, in respect of any ETF, that the Shares cease to or are 
reasonably likely to cease to track the ETF Underlying Index by reason of (a) any failure by the 
ETF Adviser to act in accordance with the investment objectives, risk profile or investment 
guidelines of the Company, (b) any restriction placed on the ability of the ETF Adviser to buy 
or sell shares or other property by any regulatory body, (c) any limitation on the ability of the 
ETF Adviser to buy or sell shares or other property by reason of liquidity, adverse market 
conditions or decrease in the assets of the Company, and in any such case, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent such situation is unlikely to be corrected within a reasonable period of time. 
“Termination of ETF Adviser and/or ETF Administrator” means, in respect of any ETF, 
that (a) voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy or any analogous insolvency 
proceedings including for the avoidance of doubt, bankruptcy, civil rehabilitation proceedings, 
corporate reorganisation proceedings, company arrangement or special liquidation are 
commenced with respect to the ETF Adviser or the ETF Administrator or (b) the appointment 
of the ETF Adviser or ETF Administrator of the Company is terminated in accordance with its 
terms or notice of such termination is given to the holders of the Shares or (c) the ETF Adviser 
or ETF Administrator of the Company fails to maintain or obtain, as the case may be, all 
required approvals and authorisations by the relevant financial and administrative authorities 
necessary to perform its obligations in respect of the Company and the Shares or (d) if it 
becomes illegal or impossible in the opinion of the Calculation Agent for the ETF Adviser or 
ETF Administrator of the Company to continue to act as ETF Adviser or ETF Administrator of 
the Company, and in any such case in the determination of the Calculation Agent no appropriate 
successor is appointed to act as adviser or administrator, as the case may be, of the Company. 
(ii) Condition 15.5(e)(ii) shall be construed as if reference to the Delisting, Insolvency or Nationalisation 
were also references to “Adjustment to the ETF Underlying Index”, “Change of Investment Policy”, 
“FRTB Event”, “Liquidation”, “Redemption of Shares”, “Restrictions on Shares”, “Termination of 
Adviser and/or Administrator” as defined above. This Condition 15 applies to Basket Share Warrants. 
15.6 
Physical Settlement 
(a) 
Definitions 
“Clearance System” means, in respect of any Fund Share, indiscriminately the Deliverable 
Share Clearance System, Clearstream Luxembourg or Euroclear. 
“Clearance System Business Day” means any day on which each of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
as the case may be, and the relevant Deliverable Share Clearance System is (or, but for the 
occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open for the acceptance and 
execution of settlement instructions.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Clearstream Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking S.A. (or any successor thereof). 
“Deliverable Share” means the Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Deliverable Share Clearance System” means, in respect of any Deliverable Share, the 
principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades in such Deliverable 
Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Delivery Agent” means NATIXIS or any other delivery agent appointed by the Issuer, which 
term shall include any successor or any agent acting on behalf thereof, as the case may be. The 
Delivery Agent will act solely as agent of the Issuer and will not assume any obligations to, or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Warrantholders. The Issuer reserves the right at 
any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Delivery Agent and to appoint or not 
another Delivery Agent. 
“Disruption Cash Settlement Price” means, in respect of any Warrant or, if Units are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms equal to the fair market value of a 
Warrant or Unit less (i) the Residual Cash Amount and (ii) if Unwind Costs are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer of unwinding any underlying 
related Hedging Arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear SA/NV (or any successor thereof). 
“Integral Number of Deliverable Shares” means, in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, an integral number of 
Deliverable Shares equal to the Relevant Number of Deliverable Shares rounded downwards 
to the nearest integral number except if “Warrants to be aggregated for the purposes of 
determining the number of Deliverable Shares to be delivered” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, in which case “Integral Number of Deliverable Shares” shall be deemed 
not applicable. For the avoidance of doubt the Integral Number of Deliverable Shares as of the 
Issue Date may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Physical Delivery Reference Amount” means an amount for each Warrant or Unit, specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; or if such Physical Delivery Reference Amount is not specified, 
the Notional Amount. 
“Physical Delivery Rounding Convention” means the method specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such Physical Delivery Rounding Convention is not specified, the figure to 
be rounded shall be rounded upwards to the nearest third decimal. 
“Prevailing Exchange Rate” means, in respect of any date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the cross currency rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms which appears 
on the page designated in the applicable Final Terms. If such rate does not appear on the page 
designated in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the Prevailing 
Exchange Rate (or a method for determining the Prevailing Exchange Rate). 
“Relevant Number of Deliverable Shares” means, in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, a number of Shares equal 
to (i) the Relevant Number of Deliverable Shares minus (ii) the Integral Number of Deliverable 
Shares except if “Warrants to be aggregated for the purposes of determining the number of 
Deliverable Shares to be delivered” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in 
which case “Integral Number of Deliverable Shares” shall be deemed not applicable. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Residual Number of Deliverable Shares as of the Issue Date may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.. 
“Residual Cash Amount” means, in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, an amount in the Settlement Currency 
specified in the applicable Final Terms equal to the product of (i) the Residual Number of 
Deliverable Shares and (ii) the Ultimate Final Price of the Deliverable Share divided by the

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Prevailing Exchange Rate (if any), being specified that the result of such sum shall be rounded 
to the nearest second decimal and with 0.005 rounded upwards. 
“Residual Number of Deliverable Shares” means, in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, a number of Shares equal 
to (i) the Relevant Number of Deliverable Shares minus (ii) the Integral Number of Deliverable 
Shares except if “Warrants to be aggregated for the purposes of determining the number of 
Deliverable Shares to be delivered” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in 
which case “Integral Number of Deliverable Shares” shall be deemed not applicable. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Residual Number of Deliverable Shares as of the Issue Date is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Settlement Date” means the Settlement Date as defined in Condition 3; provided that if a 
Settlement Disruption Event does prevent delivery on that day, then the Settlement Date will 
be the first succeeding day on which delivery of the Integral Number of Deliverable Shares can 
take place through the relevant Clearance System unless a Settlement Disruption Event prevents 
settlement on each of the five Clearance System Business Days immediately following the 
original date that, but for the Settlement Disruption Event, would have been the Settlement 
Date. In that case, (a) if the Integral Number of Deliverable Shares can be delivered in any other 
commercially reasonable manner, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, 
then the Settlement Date will be the first day on which settlement of a sale of the Integral 
Number of Deliverable Shares executed on that fifth Clearance System Business Day 
customarily would take place using such other commercially reasonable manner of delivery 
(which other manner of delivery will be deemed to be the relevant Clearance System for the 
purposes of delivery of the relevant Integral Number of Deliverable Shares), and (b) if the 
Integral Number of Deliverable Shares cannot be delivered in any other commercially 
reasonable manner, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, then in lieu 
of physical settlement the Issuer may satisfy its obligations in respect of each of the relevant 
Warrants or Units by payment to the Warrantholders of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price 
on the third Business Day following such fifth Clearance System Business Day. For the 
avoidance of doubt, where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not all of the shares 
or securities comprised in the Relevant Number of Deliverable Shares, the Settlement Date for 
shares or securities not affected by the Settlement Disruption Event will be the Settlement Date. 
In the event that a Settlement Disruption Event will result in the delivery on the Settlement Date 
of some but not all of the shares or securities comprised in the Relevant Number of Deliverable 
Shares, the Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole discretion the appropriate pro rata 
portion of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price which the Issuer, to satisfy its obligations in 
respect of each of the relevant Warrants or Units to the extent the Issuer has not already done 
so by delivery of shares or securities comprised in the Relevant Number of Deliverable Shares, 
will pay to the Warrantholders on the third Business Day following the fifth Clearance System 
Business Day. 
“Settlement Disruption Event” means an event beyond the control of the Issuer or the 
Delivery Agent as a result of which (i) Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, or the 
Deliverable Share Clearance System cannot clear the transfer of the Deliverable Shares or (ii) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, or the Deliverable Share Clearance System ceases 
to clear all or any of such Deliverable Shares. 
“Share Reference Price” means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, (i) the amount per 
Deliverable Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) the Initial Price of the 
Deliverable Shares or (iii) the Ultimate Final Price. 
“Ultimate Final Price” means the Final Price or, if there are several Valuation Dates, the Final 
Price in respect of the last Valuation Date. 
(b) 
Provisions 
(i) In the case of Physical Settlement, provided that notice of Physical Settlement shall be 
made by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to the Issuing and Paying Agent and Euroclear

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
and/or Clearstream or other relevant clearing system(s), as the case may be, on or 
immediately after the last Valuation Date or the last Observation Date or the last Knock-in 
Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day, each Warrantholder shall not 
later than two Business Days before the Settlement Date (the “Delivery Notice Date”) (or 
on such earlier date as the Calculation Agent, acting in its sole discretion, shall determine 
is necessary for the Issuer and Euroclear and/or Clearstream or other relevant clearing 
system(s), as the case may be, to perform their respective obligations under the Warrants 
and which earlier date has been notified to the Issuer, and of which the Issuer shall then 
promptly inform Warrantholders) send to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or other relevant 
clearing system(s), as the case may be (in accordance with its then applicable operating 
procedures and accepted methods of communication), an irrevocable notice designating its 
security and cash accounts for the purposes of Physical Settlement and details of such 
accounts at Euroclear or Clearstream or the Deliverable Fund Share Clearance System (the 
“Delivery Notice”). 
(ii) For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall be under no obligation to compensate or 
indemnify the Warrantholder(s) for any delay or failure on the part of the Issuer or the 
Delivery Agent to deliver or procure the delivery of the Integral Number of Deliverable 
Shares on the Settlement Date and/or to pay or procure the payment of the Residual Cash 
Amount on the Settlement Date to the Warrantholder(s) to the extent Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, as the case may be, does not receive the Delivery Notice from the 
Warrantholder(s) on (or before, as may be applicable) the Delivery Notice Date or, to the 
extent that for any reason Euroclear and/or Clearstream fail, or fail within any relevant 
period, to transmit (whether or not in accordance with its then applicable operating 
procedures and accepted methods of communication) any notice by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or the Delivery Agent to its participants. Without prejudice to the preceding sentence 
and (iv) below, in the event that Euroclear and/or Clearstream do not receive a Delivery 
Notice from a Warrantholder on or before the tenth Business Day following the Settlement 
Date, the Issuer shall be entitled (but not obliged) to pay to such Warrantholder, as soon as 
reasonably practicable on or following such date an amount, determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion and notified to the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be (to be communicated by them to 
the relevant Warrantholders) in writing promptly following such determination, equal to 
the fair market value of such Integral Number of Deliverable Shares and/or the Residual 
Cash Amount at the date determined in good faith by the Issuer, in full satisfaction of its 
obligations under such Warrants. 
(iii) A Delivery Notice once delivered to Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, shall be 
irrevocable and may not be withdrawn without the consent in writing of the Issuer. A 
Warrantholder may not transfer any Warrant that is the subject of a Delivery Notice 
following delivery of such Delivery Notice to Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may 
be. 
(iv) A Delivery Notice shall only be valid to the extent that Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as 
the case may be, have not received conflicting prior instructions in respect of the Warrants 
or Units that are the subject of the Delivery Notice. Failure properly and timely to provide 
a Delivery Notice may result in such notice being treated as null and void. Any 
determination as to whether such notice has been properly provided shall be made by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, after consultation with the Issuer and 
shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the relevant Warrantholder. If a Delivery 
Notice has not been provided properly and timely, the Issuer or the Delivery Agent shall 
not be obliged to make any payment or delivery in respect of the Warrants which are the 
subject of the Delivery Notice. 
(v) Receipt by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, of a valid Delivery Notice 
shall be deemed to constitute (a) written confirmation of an irrevocable election and 
undertaking by the relevant Warrantholder to select the account at Euroclear or Clearstream 
or the Deliverable Share Clearance System specified therein and (b) an undertaking by the

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
relevant Warrantholder to pay any costs, applicable value added or sales taxes, transfer 
taxes, stamp duties and other taxes and duties due by reason of delivery of the Integral 
Number of Deliverable Shares to the account at Euroclear or Clearstream or the Deliverable 
Share Clearance System or to reimburse Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, or 
the Deliverable Share Clearance System in respect of any such costs, taxes or duties. 
(vi) In the event that any Warrant is not represented by a Global Warrant held on behalf of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, the Issuer or the Delivery Agent shall procure 
that notice shall be provided to the relevant Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 10, describing the method by which an account at the Deliverable Share 
Clearance System shall be irrevocably designated for such Warrantholders and such 
designation shall be binding on the Issuer and such Warrantholders. 
(vii) 
Upon receipt of such Delivery Notice, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may 
be, shall (a) verify that the person specified therein as the Warrantholder is the holder of 
the specified number of Warrants according to its books (provided that if such verification 
shows that such person is not the Warrantholder according to its books, the Delivery Notice 
shall not be valid) and (b) in accordance with its then applicable operating procedures, send 
a copy of the Delivery Notice to the Issuer, the Delivery Agent and such other persons as 
the Issuer or the Delivery Agent may previously have specified. 
The number of Warrants delivered by the same Warrantholder for settlement shall not be 
aggregated for the purpose of determining the number of Deliverable Shares to be delivered in 
respect of such Warrants. However, if the paragraph “Warrants to be aggregated for the 
purposes of determining the number of Deliverable Shares to be delivered” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the Warrants delivered by the same 
Warrantholder for exchange shall be aggregated for the purpose of determining the number of 
Deliverable Shares to be delivered in respect of such Warrants. In such case, the Deliverable 
Shares deliverable to a Warrantholder in respect of the Warrants held by it will be a whole 
number of Deliverable Shares provided that where the number of Deliverable Shares which 
would otherwise be deliverable hereunder includes a fraction of such Deliverable Shares, the 
number of such Deliverable Shares shall be rounded downwards to the nearest integral number 
and the cash equivalent of such fraction (the Additional Cash Amount) will be paid to this 
Warrantholder. The Additional Cash Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
specified in the applicable Final Terms equal to the product of (i) the above mentioned fraction 
and (ii) the Exchange traded price of the Share(s) as of the close of trading on the Exchange on 
the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such price is not available in the sole 
opinion of the Calculation Agent on such date, the price determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Delivery of any Deliverable Shares is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices 
and neither the Issuer nor the Delivery Agent shall incur liability whatsoever if it is unable to 
deliver or procure the delivery of the Deliverable Shares to the Warrantholder because of any 
such laws, regulations or practices. Neither the Issuer nor the Delivery Agent shall under any 
circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as may be 
applicable, and/or the Deliverable Share Clearance System in relation to the performance of the 
duties in relation to the Warrants, including but not limited to the delivery of the Deliverable 
Shares to the Warrantholder. 
After delivery by the Issuer or the Delivery Agent to the relevant Warrantholder(s) through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as may be applicable, and/or the Deliverable Share Clearance 
System of the Deliverable Shares (if applicable) and for such period of time as the Issuer or its 
agent or nominee shall continue to be registered in any clearance system or otherwise as the 
owner of the Deliverable Shares (the “Intervening Period”), neither the Issuer nor its agent or 
nominee shall: 
(A) 
be under any obligation to deliver to such Warrantholder(s) or any subsequent 
beneficial owner of the Deliverable Shares any letter, certificate, notice,

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
circular, dividend or any other document or payment whatsoever received by 
the Issuer or its agent or nominee in its capacity as the holder thereof; or 
(B) 
exercise any or all rights (including voting rights) attaching to such Deliverable 
Shares or part thereof during the Intervening Period without the prior written 
consent of the relevant Warrantholder(s), provided that neither the Issuer nor 
its agent or nominee shall be under any obligation to exercise any such rights 
during the Intervening Period; or 
(C) 
be under any liability to such Warrantholder(s) or any subsequent beneficial 
owner of the Deliverable Shares in respect of any loss or damage which such 
Warrantholder(s) or subsequent beneficial owner may sustain or suffer as a 
result, whether directly or indirectly, of the Issuer or its agent or nominee being 
registered in such clearance system or otherwise during such Intervening 
Period as legal owner of the Deliverable Shares. 
The Issuer or the Delivery Agent shall not be under any obligation to register or procure the 
registration of any holder of any Warrant, or any other person acting on behalf of such holder, 
or any other person, as the registered holder of any Deliverable Shares in respect of such 
Warrant. 
No right to dividends on the Deliverable Shares will accrue to Warrantholders prior to the 
Settlement Date. 
16. 
Terms for Single Index Warrants 
This Condition 16 applies to Single Index Warrants. 
16.1 
General Definitions 
(a) 
Common definitions 
“Barrier Level” means the level of the Index specified as such or otherwise determined in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to “Particular Provisions” set out in Condition 16.5. 
“Exchange Rate” means, in respect of any Exchange Rate Determination Date, the cross-currency rate 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms which appears on the page designated in the applicable 
Final Terms on such Exchange Rate Determination Date. If such rate does not appear on the page 
designated in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the Exchange Rate (or 
a method for determining the Exchange Rate). 
“Exchange Rate Business Day” means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the financial centre(s) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Exchange Rate Determination Date” means, in respect of any amount for the purposes of which an 
Exchange Rate has to be determined, the Exchange Rate Business Day that is the number of Exchange 
Rate Business Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms preceding the date of determination 
of such amount by the Calculation Agent. 
“Final Level” means either: 
(i) in respect of any Valuation Date, the level of the Index as determined by the Calculation Agent as of 
the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date provided that Final Level will mean the Index Settlement 
Price relating to the Index as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date if such date 
occurs on the Settlement Day; or 
(ii) in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, (i) if “Average Level” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the 
nearest unit of the relevant currency in which the Index is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
the Relevant Levels on each of such Observation Dates; or (ii) if “Minimum Level” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest level as determined by the Calculation 
Agent of the Relevant Levels on each of such Observation Dates; or (iii) if “Maximum Level” is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest level as determined by 
the Calculation Agent of the Relevant Levels on each of such Observation Dates, provided that Final 
Level will mean the Index Settlement Price relating to the Index as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant Observation Date if such date occurs on the Settlement Day. 
“Index Performance” means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any Observation Date, a rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Relevant Formula (as defined in Condition 
24). 
“Index Settlement Price” means the official settlement price of options contracts or futures contracts 
relating to the Index as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day or the Observation Date.. 
“Initial Level” means either: 
the level of the Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such level is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, either  
(i) 
in respect of the Strike Date, (a) if “Strike Level” is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the level of the Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the Strike Date, or 
(ii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, (a) if “Average Level” is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the 
Settlement Currency in which the Index is valued (with halves being rounded 
up)) of the Relevant Levels on each of such Observation Dates, or (b) if 
“Minimum Level” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
numerically lowest level as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
Relevant Levels of each of such Observation Dates; or (c) if “Maximum Level” 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest 
level as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Relevant Levels on each 
of such Observation Dates. 
“Max” followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the greater of the numbers 
separated by a “;” inside those square brackets. 
“Min” followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the lesser of the numbers 
separated by a “;” inside those square brackets. 
“Observation Date(s)” means each date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Relevant Index Benchmark” means, in respect of any series of Warrants: 
(a) the Index; or 
(b) any other index, benchmark or price source specified as a “Relevant Index Benchmark” in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Relevant Level” means, in respect of any Observation Date, the level of the Index as determined by 
the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on such Observation Date. 
> means that the item or number preceding this sign will be higher than the item or number following 
this sign. 
< means that the item or number preceding this sign will be lower than the item or number following 
this sign.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
≥ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or higher than the item or number 
following this sign. 
≤ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or lower than the item or number 
following this sign. 
|𝒏| or “ABS (n)” means the absolute value of the item or number inside the brackets. 
“Settlement Day” means the day occurring within the month prior to the Valuation Date which options 
contracts or futures contracts relating to the Index are settled on their Related Exchange. 
“Specific Number” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no number 
is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to eight. 
(b) 
Definitions applicable to a Single Exchange Index 
“Exchange” means the exchange or quotation system as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion, or otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor to such 
exchange or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the shares underlying the 
Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the shares underlying the Index on such temporary substitute exchange 
or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
“Exchange Business Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange and, if any, the 
Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding 
any such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Index” means the index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms as calculated and announced 
by the relevant Index Sponsor, subject to “Particular Provisions” set out in Condition 16.5. 
“Index Sponsor” means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing 
the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the Index 
and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of the Index on a regular basis during each 
Scheduled Trading Day, which is on the Issue Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to “Particular Provisions” set out in Condition 16.5. 
“Related Exchange” means the exchange or quotation system specified where futures or options 
contracts relating to the Index are mainly traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, or otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor to such 
exchange or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts 
relating to the Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that 
there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to the Index on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange). 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of the Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of 
the hours of the regular trading session hours. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means any day on which the Exchange and the Related Exchange are 
scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions. 
“Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such time is 
specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date or Observation 
Date or Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day. If such Exchange closes prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its 
regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(c) 
Definitions applicable to a Multi Exchange Index 
“Exchange” means, in respect of each component security of the Index (each, a “Component 
Security”), the principal stock exchange on which such Component Security is principally traded, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, or otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to “Particular Provisions” set out in Condition 16.5. 
“Exchange Business Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) the Index Sponsor 
publishes the level of the Index and, if any, (ii) the Related Exchange is open for trading during its 
regular trading session, notwithstanding any Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange closing prior to 
its Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Index” means the index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms as calculated and announced 
by the relevant Index Sponsor, subject to “Particular Provisions” set out in Condition 16.5. 
“Index Sponsor” means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing 
the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the Index 
and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of the Index on a regular basis during each 
Scheduled Trading Day, which is on the Issue Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to “Particular Provisions” set out in Condition 16.5. 
“Related Exchange” means the exchange or quotation system where futures or options contracts 
relating to the Index are mainly traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor to such exchange 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating 
to the Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to the Index on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange). 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of each Component Security, the scheduled weekday 
closing time of the Exchange, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the hours of 
the regular trading session hours. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means any day on which: (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the 
level of the Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular 
trading session. 
“Valuation Time” means (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred: (a) in respect of any Component Security, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in 
respect of such Component Security, and (b) in respect of any options contracts or future contracts on 
the Index, the close of trading on the Related Exchange; and (ii) in all other circumstances, the time at 
which the official closing level of the Index is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor. 
16.2 
Valuation 
(a) 
Strike Date 
“Strike Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a 
relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Scheduled Trading Day, subject to 
“Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set out in Condition 16.3. 
“Scheduled Strike Date” means the original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date. 
(b) 
Valuation Date 
“Valuation Date” means any Actual Exercise Date or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day or has such other meaning as is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms – all subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set out in Condition 16.3.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means the original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing 
a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
(c) 
Observation Date 
“Observation Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Valid Date, subject to “Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)” set out in Condition 16.3. 
“Scheduled Observation Date” means the original Observation Date that, but for the occurrence of 
the Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date. 
16.3 
Consequences of Disrupted Day(s) 
(a) 
Definitions 
(i) Definitions applicable to a Single Exchange Index 
“Disrupted Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange or, if any, the 
Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
“Early Closure” means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant Exchange 
relating to securities that comprise 20% or more of the level of the Index or, if any, the Related 
Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by 
such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the 
actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or any Related Exchange 
on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into 
the Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on 
such Exchange Business Day. 
“Exchange Disruption” means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, securities that comprise 20% or more of the 
level of the Index on any relevant Exchange relating to securities that comprise 20% or more 
of the level of the Index, or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or 
options contracts relating to the Index on the relevant Related Exchange. 
“Market Disruption Event” means the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, 
(ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, 
at any time during the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-
in Event or a Knock-out Event begins and/or ends at the time on which the level of the Index 
triggers respectively the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level or (b) in all other 
circumstances that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. For the 
purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists at any time, if a Market 
Disruption Event occurs in respect of a security included in the Index at any time, then the 
relevant percentage contribution of that security to the level of the Index shall be based on a 
comparison of (x) the portion of the level of the Index attributable to that security and (y) the 
overall level of the Index, in each case immediately before the occurrence of such Market 
Disruption Event. 
“Trading Disruption” means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange or otherwise (i) on any relevant Exchange relating to securities that comprise 20% 
or more of the level of the Index, or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Index on 
the relevant Related Exchange.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(ii) Definitions applicable to a Multi Exchange Index 
“Disrupted Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) the Index Sponsor fails to 
publish the level of the Index; (ii) the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its 
regular trading session; or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
“Early Closure” means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in respect 
of any Component Security or the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless 
such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange (as the 
case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of: (i) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such 
Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time 
on such Exchange Business Day. 
“Exchange Disruption” means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for: (i) any Component Security on the Exchange in 
respect of such Component Security; or (ii) futures or options contracts relating to the Index on 
the Related Exchange. 
“Market Disruption Event” means either: 
(A) 
I. 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of: 
(a) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one 
hour period that (i) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in 
Event or a Knock-out Event begins and/or ends at the time on which 
the level of the Index triggers respectively the Knock-in Level or the 
Knock-out Level or (ii) in all other circumstances that ends at the 
relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which such 
Component Security is principally traded; and/or 
(b) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which 
the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the 
one hour period that (i) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-
in Event or a Knock-out Event begins and/or ends at the time on which 
the level of the Index triggers respectively the Knock-in Level or the 
Knock-out Level or (ii) in all other circumstances that ends at the 
relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which such 
Component Security is principally traded; and/or 
(c) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component Security; and 
II. 
the aggregate of all Component Securities in respect of which a 
Trading Disruption and/or an Exchange Disruption and/or an Early 
Closure occurs or exists comprises 20% or more of the level of the 
Index; or 
(B) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating 
to the Index, of: (a) a Trading Disruption; (b) an Exchange Disruption, which 
in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during 
the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in 
Event or a Knock-out Event begins and/or ends at the time on which the level 
of the Index triggers respectively the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level 
or (b) in all other circumstances that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in 
respect of the Related Exchange; or (c) an Early Closure, in each case in respect 
of such futures or options contracts.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a 
Component Security at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of such 
Component Security at that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component 
Security to the level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level 
of the Index attributable to that Component Security to (y) the overall level of the Index, in each 
case using the official opening weightings as published by the Index Sponsor as part of the 
market “opening data”. 
“Trading Disruption” means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange or otherwise: (i) relating to any Component Security on the Exchange in respect of 
such Component Security; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Index on the 
Related Exchange. 
(b) 
Provisions 
(i) Strike Date 
If the Strike Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Strike Date shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number of 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (a) the Ultimate Strike Date shall be deemed to be the Strike Date, notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (b) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
level of the Index as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike Date in accordance with 
(subject to “Particular Provisions” set out in Condition 16.5) the formula for and method of 
calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the 
Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike Date of each 
security comprised in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in 
respect of the relevant security on the Ultimate Strike Date, its good faith estimate of the value 
for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike Date). 
“Ultimate Strike Date” means the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific 
Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date. 
(ii) Valuation Date 
If any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then this Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number of 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (a) the relevant Ultimate Valuation Date shall be deemed to be that Valuation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (b) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the level of the Index as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate Valuation Date in 
accordance with (subject to “Particular Provisions” set out in Condition 16.5) the formula for 
and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted 
Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on such Ultimate 
Valuation Date of each security comprised in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted 
Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on such Ultimate Valuation Date, its good 
faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on such Ultimate 
Valuation Date). 
“Ultimate Valuation Date” means, in respect of any Scheduled Valuation Date, the Scheduled 
Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following such Scheduled Valuation Date.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(iii) Observation Date 
If any Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then this Observation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as of the Valuation 
Time on the Ultimate Observation Date, then (i) the Ultimate Observation Date shall be deemed 
to be the Observation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index as of the Valuation Time for that 
Observation Date in accordance with (subject to “Particular Provisions” set out in Condition 
16.5) the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence 
of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time 
on the Ultimate Observation Date of each security comprised in the Index (or, if an event giving 
rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on the Ultimate 
Observation Date, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the 
Valuation Time on the Ultimate Observation Date). 
“Ultimate Observation Date” means the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the 
Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled 
Observation Date. 
“Valid Date” means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Observation Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
(iv) Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day is a Disrupted Day, then such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day will be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a 
Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on the relevant 
Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at 
any time during the one hour period that begins and/or ends at the time on which the level of 
the Index triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, a Market Disruption Event 
occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have 
occurred. 
16.4 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a) 
Knock-in Event 
“Knock-in Event” means that the level of the Index determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day is, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, (i) “greater than”, (ii) “greater than or equal to”, (iii) “less than” or (iv) ”less than or equal to” 
the Knock-in Level. 
If “Knock-in Event” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then payment under the relevant 
Warrants resulting from the occurrence of such Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon such 
occurrence. 
“Knock-in Level” means the level of the Index specified as such or otherwise determined in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
set out in Condition 16.5 and to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set out in Condition 16.3. 
“Knock-in Determination Day” means each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in 
Determination Period subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set out in Condition 16.3.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Knock-in Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-in Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-in Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
the Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
“Knock-in Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(b) 
Knock-out Event 
“Knock-out Event” means that the level of the Index determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day is, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, (i) “greater than”, (ii) “greater than or equal to”, (iii) “less than” or (iv) “less than or equal to” 
the Knock-out Level. 
If “Knock-out Event” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then payment under the relevant 
Warrants resulting from the absence of such Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon such absence. 
“Knock-out Level” means the level of the Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject 
to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set out in Condition 16.5 and to 
“Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set out in Condition 16.3. 
“Knock-out Determination Day” means each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out 
Determination Period subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set out in Condition 16.3. 
“Knock-out Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-out Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
16.5 
Particular Provisions 
(a) 
If the Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated and 
announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent or (ii) replaced by a 
successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially 
similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of the Index, then in 
each case that index (the “Successor Index”) will be deemed to be the Index and the Conditions 
shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(b) 
If on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date, the last Knock-
in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day, (a) the Index Sponsor (x) 
announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating 
the Index or in any other way materially modifies the Index (other than a modification 
prescribed in that formula or method to maintain the Index in the event of changes in constituent 
stock and capitalisation and other routine events) (an “Index Modification”) or permanently 
cancels the Index and no Successor Index exists (an “Index Cancellation”) or (y) fails to 
calculate and announce the Index (an “Index Disruption” (provided for the avoidance of doubt 
that a successor sponsor calculating and announcing the Index determined as unacceptable by 
the Calculation Agent shall be an Index Disruption) or (b) an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
occurs (together with an Index Modification, an Index Cancellation and an Index Disruption, 
each an “Index Adjustment Event”), then, if Essential Trigger is specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will be entitled, for the purpose of 
performing its obligations in respect of the outstanding Warrants, either to: 
(i) calculate the level of the Index in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Index 
last in effect prior to the change, failure, cancellation or occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event, but using only those securities that comprised the Index immediately prior to the Index 
Adjustment Event; or (but not and) 
(ii) replace the Index by the Index as so modified or by the new index (as the case may be), provided that 
in such case, (a) the Calculation Agent will make such adjustments to the new index as may be required 
in order to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligation of the Issuer to make payment of any 
amount due and payable under the Warrants relating to the Index as if such new or modified index had 
not replaced the Index and, if need be, will multiply the modified or new index by a linking coefficient 
to do so as determined by the Calculation Agent and (b) the Warrantholders will be notified of the 
modified Index or the new index (as the case may be) and, if need be, of the linking coefficient; or (but 
not and) 
(iii) require the Issuer to terminate its obligations in relation to each Warrant by paying an amount per 
Warrant equal to the Early Settlement Amount. The Early Settlement Amount shall be payable by the 
Issuer on the fifth Business Day following notification by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that the event referred to in this sub-paragraph (iii) has occurred. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions of Condition 
9.5 must also be satisfied in order for Calculation Agent to be able to require the Issuer to adjust any 
provisions or terminate its obligations in relation to the Warrants pursuant to this Condition 16. 
(c) 
In the event that any level announced by the Index Sponsor which is utilised by the Calculation 
Agent for any determination (the “Original Determination”) is subsequently corrected and the 
correction (the “Corrected Value”) is announced by the Index Sponsor within two Scheduled 
Trading Days after the original publication and in any case not later than the second Scheduled 
Trading Day immediately preceding the payment date of the amount due and payable under the 
Warrants which is linked to that Original Determination, then the Calculation Agent will notify 
the Issuer of the Corrected Value as soon as reasonably practicable and shall determine the 
relevant value (the “Replacement Determination”) using the Corrected Value. 
If the result of the Replacement Determination is different from the result of the Original Determination, 
to the extent that it considers it to be necessary, the Calculation Agent may, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, adjust any relevant terms hereof accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Warrantholders shall not be entitled to make any claim against the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent in the case where any Original Determination is not subsequently corrected 
and/or the correction of the Original Determination is announced by the Index Sponsor after the second 
Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the payment date of the amount due and payable under 
the Warrants which is linked to that Original Determination. 
(d) 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable provide detailed notice of any determinations 
and/or adjustments, as the case may be, made and notified to the Issuer by the Calculation Agent

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
pursuant to paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of this Condition 16.5, whereupon the Issuer shall promptly 
provide detailed notice to the Warrant Agent and to the Warrantholders in accordance with the 
Conditions of such determinations and/or adjustments made and notified by the Calculation 
Agent. 
16.6 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
Definitions 
“Additional Disruption Event” means any of a Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost 
of Hedging, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Change in Law” means, if specified as applicable in the Final Terms, that on or after the Trade Date: 
(A) on account of the adoption of or any change to any Applicable Regulation, or (B) on account 
of the promulgation or change in the interpretation or application of any Applicable Regulation 
by any court, tribunal, regulatory or tax authority, exchange or governmental authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any Applicable Regulation: 
(i) the Issuer or Calculation Agent determines in its sole discretion that it is unable to fulfil its obligations 
under the Warrants or that it is illegal or contrary to any Applicable Regulation for it or any of its 
affiliates or other entities affected by the Hedging Agreements to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedging 
Arrangements in relation to such Warrants; or 
(ii) there is a significant increase in the costs to it and/or to its affiliates (including, but without limitation 
to, increases related to any taxation law or any solvency or capital requirement) of holding, decreases 
in tax benefits (or other adverse effects on its tax position), acquiring or disposing of Hedging 
Arrangements or any requirements in relation to reserves, special deposits, insurance assessments or 
other requirements in relation to such Warrants. 
“Hedging Agreements” means all hedge agreements concluded by the Issuer and/or any of its 
respective affiliates or other entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements concluded at any time in 
order to hedge the Warrants, including, but not restricted to, the purchase and/or sale of all transferable 
securities, all options or all futures contracts on these transferable securities, all certificates of deposit 
in respect of these transferable securities, and all corresponding transactions on currencies.  
“Hedging Disruption” means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that the Issuer 
and/or any one of its affiliates or all entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements, is/are unable, 
despite commercially reasonable efforts, (A) to acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s), any asset(s) or any contract(s) that they may deem necessary 
in order to cover the risk arising from that entity concluding and satisfying its obligations by virtue of 
the Warrants, or (B) to realise, recover or pay the income from such transaction(s) or contract(s) relative 
to the Warrants. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that the 
Issuer and/or any one of its affiliates or other entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements, incur(s) 
an amount of duties, taxes, costs or commissions (other than brokerage commissions) which is 
substantially increased (compared to the circumstances existing on the Trade Date) in order (A) to 
acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, maintain, unwind or transfer any transaction(s) or any asset(s) 
which they may deem necessary to hedge the risk (in particular but not limited to exchange and interest 
rate risks) of the Issuer or any third party or affiliate with whom the Issuer enters into a hedging 
transaction on account of the conclusion and satisfaction of its obligations by virtue of the Warrants, or 
(B) to realise, recover or pay the income from such transaction or transactions or from such asset or 
assets, provided that any substantially increased amount incurred exclusively on account of 
deterioration of the solvency of the Issuer and/or of any of its affiliates or of other entities concerned 
by the Hedging Agreements shall not be deemed to constitute an Increased Cost of Hedging.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(b) 
Consequences 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
settle the Warrants upon prior notification to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10. If 
the Warrants are thus settled, the Issuer shall upon such settlement pay to the Warrantholders an amount 
determined to be the fair market value of the Warrants based on the market conditions prevailing at the 
date of determination taking account of the Additional Disruption Event, minus the reasonable costs to 
the Issuer and/or its affiliates or other entities affected by the Hedging Agreements of unwinding 
underlying Hedging Arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion. 
Warrantholders shall be notified of each such payment in accordance with Condition 10. 
17. 
Terms for Basket Index Warrants 
This Condition 17 applies to Basket Index Warrants. 
17.1 
General Definitions 
(a) 
Common definitions 
“Basket” means a basket composed of each Index specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relative 
proportions specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Barrier Level” means either: 
(i) if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of any Index, 
the level of such Index specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the level per Basket 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such level is specified or otherwise determined 
in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to “Particular Provisions” set out in Condition 17.5. 
“Basket Performance” means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any Observation Date, a rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Relevant Formula. 
“Exchange Rate” means, in respect of any Exchange Rate Determination Date, the cross currency rate 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms which appears on the page designated in the applicable 
Final Terms on such Exchange Rate Determination Date. If such rate does not appear on the page 
designated in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the Exchange Rate (or 
a method for determining the Exchange Rate). 
“Exchange Rate Business Day” means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the financial centre(s) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Exchange Rate Determination Date” means, in respect of any amount for the purposes of which an 
Exchange Rate has to be determined, the Exchange Rate Business Day that is the number of Exchange 
Rate Business Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms preceding the date of determination 
of such amount by the Calculation Agent. 
“Final Level” means either: 
(i) if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, either: 
(A) 
in respect of any Index and any Valuation Date, the level of such Index as determined 
by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date PROVIDED 
that the Final Level will mean the Settlement Price relating to any Index as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date if such date occurs on the Settlement 
Day for that Index; or

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(B) 
in respect of any Index and the relevant Observation Dates, (i) if “Average Level” is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the Settlement 
Currency in which the Index is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of the Relevant 
Prices on each of such Observation Dates; or (ii) if “Minimum Level” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest level as determined of 
the Calculation Agent of the Relevant Levels on each of such Observation Dates; or 
(iii) if “Maximum Level” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
numerically highest level as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Relevant 
Levels on each of such Observation Dates. or 
(ii) if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, either: 
(A) 
in respect of any Valuation Date, an amount for the Basket determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Index as the product in respect 
of each Index of (i) the Relevant Level of such Index on such Valuation Date and (ii) 
the relevant Weighting; or 
(B) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, (i) if “Average Level” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as determined by the 
Calculation Agent of the amounts for the Basket calculated on each of such Observation 
Date as the sum of the values of each Index as the product in respect of each Index of 
(A) the Relevant Level of such Index on each of such Observation Date and (B) the 
relevant Weighting; or (ii) if “Minimum Level” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest number as determined by the 
Calculation Agent of the amounts for the Basket calculated on each of such Observation 
Date as the sum of the values of each Index as the product of (A) the Relevant Level 
of such Index on each of such Observation Dates and (B) the relevant weighthing; or 
(iii) if “Maximum Level” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
numerically highest number as determined by the Calculation Agent of the amounts for 
the Basket calculated on each of such Observation Dates as the sum of the values of 
each Index as the product of (i) the Relevant Level of such Index on each of such 
Observation Date and (ii) the relevant Weighting. 
“Index” means each index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms as calculated and announced 
by the relevant Index Sponsor, subject to “Particular Provisions” set out in Condition 17.5. 
“Index Performance” means, in respect of any Index and any Valuation Date and/or any Observation 
Period, a rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Relevant Formula. 
“Index Settlement Price” means, in respect of any Index, the official settlement price of options 
contracts or futures contracts relating to that Index as determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
Valuation Date. 
“Initial Level” means either: 
(a) if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of 
any Index, the level of such Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, either 
(i) 
in respect of the Strike Date, if “Strike Level” is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the level of such Index as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Valuation Time on the Strike Date, or 
(ii) 
 in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, (A) if “Average Level” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the Settlement Currency in which the 
Index is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of the Relevant Levels on each of such 
Observation Dates, or (B) if “Minimum Level” is specified as applicable in the

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest level as determined by the Calculation 
Agent of the Relevant Levels on each of such Observation Dates, or (C) if “Maximum 
Level” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest 
level as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Relevant Levels on each of such 
Observation Dates ; or 
(b) if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the level 
per Basket specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such level is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, an amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the sum of the values of each Index as the product in respect of each Index of either:  
(i) 
in respect of the Strike Date, if “Strike Level” is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, an amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal to 
the sum of the values of each Index as the product of (i) the level of each Index as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the relevant Valuation Time on the Strike 
Date and (ii) the relevant Weighting; or 
(ii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, (a) if “Average Level” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as determined by the 
Calculation Agent of the amounts for the Basket calculated on each of such Observation 
Dates as the sum of the values of each Index as the product of (i) the Relevant Levels 
of such Index and (ii) the relevant Weighting, (b) if “Minimum Level” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, or (c) if “Maximum Level” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest as determined by the Calculation Agent 
of the amounts for the Basket calculated on each of such Observation Dates as the sum 
of the values for each Index as the product of (i) the Relevant Levels of such Index and 
(ii) the relevant Weighting. 
“Highest Index Performance” means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any Observation Date, 
the numerically highest Index Performance as determined by the Calculation Agent among the Index 
Performances determined on such Valuation and/or such Observation Date. 
“Highest Performing Index” means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any Observation Date, 
the Index with the Highest Index Performance on such Valuation Date and/or such Observation Date. 
“Lowest Index Performance” means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any Observation Date, 
the numerically lowest Index Performance as determined by the Calculation Agent among the Index 
Performances determined on such Valuation and/or such Observation Date. 
“Lowest Performing Index” means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any Observation Date, 
the Index with the Lowest Index Performance on such Valuation Date and/or such Observation Date. 
“Max” followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the greater of the numbers 
separated by a “;” inside those square brackets. 
“Min” followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the lesser of the numbers 
separated by a “;” inside those square brackets. 
“Multi Exchange Index” means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
a Multi Exchange Index, that the component securities of such Index are or deemed to be traded on 
several exchanges and accordingly that the definitions comprised in Condition 17 relating to the Multi 
Exchange Index shall apply to such Index. 
“Observation Date(s)” means each date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Relevant Index Benchmark” means, in respect of any series of Warrants:

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(a) 
the Index; or 
(b) 
any other index, benchmark or price source specified as a “Relevant Index Benchmark” in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Relevant Level” means, in respect of any Index, the level of such Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time provided that Relevant Level will mean the Index 
Settlement Price relating to any Index as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Observation Date 
if such date occurs on the Settlement Day for that Index. 
“Settlement Day” means, in respect of any Index, the day occurring within the month prior to the 
Valuation Date which options contracts or futures contracts relating to that Index are settled on their 
Related Exchange. 
“Single Exchange Index” means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
a Single Exchange Index, that the component securities of such Index are or are deemed to be traded on 
the same exchange and accordingly that the definitions comprised in Condition 17 relating to the Single 
Exchange Index shall apply to such Index. 
“Specific Number” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Weighting” or “Wi” means, in respect of each Index comprised in the Basket, the percentage or the 
fraction in respect of such Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
> means that the item or number preceding this sign will be higher than the item or number following 
this sign. 
< means that the item or number preceding this sign will be lower than the item or number following 
this sign. 
≥ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or higher than the item or number 
following this sign. 
≤ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or lower than the item or number 
following this sign. 
|𝒏| or “ABS (n)” means the absolute value of the item or number inside the brackets. 
(b) 
Definitions applicable to a Single Exchange Index 
“Exchange” means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms to be a Single 
Exchange Index, the exchange or quotation system as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion, or otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor to such 
exchange or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the shares underlying this 
Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the shares underlying this Index on such temporary substitute exchange 
or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
“Exchange Business Day” means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
be a Single Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and, if any, 
the relevant Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or, if any, such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time. 
“Index Sponsor” means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms to be a Single 
Exchange Index, the corporation or other entity that (i) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules 
and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to this Index and (ii) 
announces (directly or through an agent) the level of this Index on a regular basis during each relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day, which is on the Issue Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to “Particular Provisions” set out in Condition 17.5.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Related Exchange” means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms to be a 
Single Exchange Index, the exchange or quotation system where futures or options contracts relating to 
the Index are mainly traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
or otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor to such exchange or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to this Index has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable 
liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to this Index on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange). 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
be a Single Exchange Index and in respect of the relevant Exchange or, if any, the relevant Related 
Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or, if 
any, the Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other 
trading outside of the hours of the regular trading session hours. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
be a Single Exchange Index, any day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange 
are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions. 
“Valuation Time” means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms to be a Single 
Exchange Index, the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such time is specified, 
the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date or Ultimate 
Valuation Date or Observation Date or Ultimate Observation Date or Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day or Strike Date or Ultimate Strike Date. If such Exchange closes prior to 
its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its 
regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
(c) 
Definitions applicable to a Multi Exchange Index 
“Exchange” means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms to be a Multi 
Exchange Index and in respect of each component security of this Index (each, a “Component 
Security”), the principal stock exchange on which such Component Security is principally traded, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, or otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to “Particular Provisions” set out in Condition 17.5. 
“Exchange Business Day” means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
be a Multi Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) the relevant Index Sponsor 
publishes the level of this Index and, if any, (ii) the relevant Related Exchange is open for trading during 
its regular trading session, notwithstanding any Exchange or, if any, the relevant Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Index Sponsor” means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms to be a Multi 
Exchange Index, the corporation or other entity that (i) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules 
and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to this Index and (ii) 
announces (directly or through an agent) the level of this Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled 
Trading Day, which is on the Issue Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
“Particular Provisions” set forth in Condition 17.5. 
“Related Exchange” means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms to be a 
Multi Exchange Index, the exchange or quotation system where futures or options contracts relating to 
the Index are mainly traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
or otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor to such exchange or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to this Index has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable 
liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to this Index on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange). 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
be a Multi Exchange Index and in respect of each Component Security, the scheduled weekday closing

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
time of the relevant Exchange, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the hours of 
the regular trading session hours. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
be a Multi Exchange Index, any day on which: (i) the relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish 
the level of this Index; and (ii) the relevant Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its 
regular trading session. 
“Valuation Time” means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms to be a Multi 
Exchange Index, (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred: 
(a) in respect of any Component Security, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange in 
respect of such Component Security, and (b) in respect of any options contracts or future contracts on 
this Index, the close of trading on the relevant Related Exchange; and (ii) in all other circumstances, the 
time at which the official closing level of this Index is calculated and published by the relevant Index 
Sponsor. 
17.2 
Valuation 
(a) 
Strike Date 
“Strike Date” means, in respect of any Index, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Scheduled Trading 
Day, subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set out in Condition 17.3. 
“Scheduled Strike Date” means, in respect of any Index, the original date that, but for the occurrence 
of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date. 
(b) 
Valuation Date 
“Valuation Date” means any Actual Exercise Date or, if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading 
Day, the next following relevant Scheduled Trading Day or has such other meaning as is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms – all subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set out in 
Condition 17.3. 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means, in respect of any Index, the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
(c) 
Observation Date 
“Observation Date” means, in respect of any Index, each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Valid Date, subject 
to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set out in Condition 17.3. 
“Scheduled Observation Date” means the original Observation Date that, but for the occurrence of 
the Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date. 
17.3 
Consequences of Disrupted Day(s) 
(a) 
Definitions 
(i) Definitions applicable to a Single Exchange Index 
“Disrupted Day” means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
a Single Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange or, if any, the 
Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
“Early Closure” means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
a Single Exchange Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant Exchange 
relating to securities that comprise 20% or more of the level of this Index or, if any, the Related 
Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by 
such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or any Related Exchange 
on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into 
the Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on 
such Exchange Business Day. 
“Exchange Disruption” means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to be a Single Exchange Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, securities that comprise 20% or more of the 
level of this Index on any relevant Exchange relating to securities that comprise 20% or more 
of the level of the Index, or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or 
options contracts relating to the Index on the relevant Related Exchange. 
“Market Disruption Event” means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, 
(ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, 
at any time during the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-
in Event or a Knock-out Event begins and/or ends at the time on which the level of this Index 
triggers respectively the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level or (b) in all other 
circumstances that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. For the 
purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists at any time, if a Market 
Disruption Event occurs in respect of a security included in the Index at any time, then the 
relevant percentage contribution of that security to the level of this Index shall be based on a 
comparison of (x) the portion of the level of this Index attributable to that security and (y) the 
overall level of this Index, in each case immediately before the occurrence of such Market 
Disruption Event. 
“Trading Disruption” means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to be a Single Exchange Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange or otherwise (i) on any relevant Exchange relating to securities that comprise 20% 
or more of the level of this Index, or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to this Index on 
the relevant Related Exchange. 
(ii) Definitions applicable to a Multi Exchange Index 
“Disrupted Day” means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
a Multi Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) the Index Sponsor fails to 
publish the level of this Index; (ii) the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its 
regular trading session; or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
“Early Closure” means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
a Multi Exchange Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in respect 
of any Component Security or the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless 
such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange (as the 
case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of: (i) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such 
Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time 
on such Exchange Business Day. 
“Exchange Disruption” means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to be a Multi Exchange Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for: (i) any Component Security on the Exchange in 
respect of such Component Security; or (ii) futures or options contracts relating to this Index 
on the Related Exchange.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Market Disruption Event” means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, either: 
(A) 
I. 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of: 
(a) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one 
hour period that (i) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in 
Event or a Knock-out Event begins and/or ends at the time on which 
the level of this Index triggers respectively the Knock-in Level or the 
Knock-out Level or (ii) in all other circumstances that ends at the 
relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which such 
Component Security is principally traded; and/or 
(b) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which 
the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the 
one hour period that (i) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-
in Event or a Knock-out Event begins and/or ends at the time on which 
the level of this Index triggers respectively the Knock-in Level or the 
Knock-out Level or (ii) in all other circumstances that ends at the 
relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which such 
Component Security is principally traded; and/or 
(c) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component Security; and 
II. 
the aggregate of all Component Securities in respect of which a 
Trading Disruption and/or, an Exchange Disruption and/or an Early 
Closure occurs or exists comprises 20% or more of the level of this 
Index; or 
(B) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating 
to this Index, of: (a) a Trading Disruption; (b) an Exchange Disruption, which 
in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during 
the one hour period that (i) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in 
Event or a Knock-out Event begins and/or ends at the time on which the level 
of this Index triggers respectively the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level 
or (ii) in all other circumstances that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in 
respect of the Related Exchange; or (iii) an Early Closure, in each case in 
respect of such futures or options contracts. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a 
Component Security at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of such 
Component Security at that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component 
Security to the level of this Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level 
of this Index attributable to that Component Security to (y) the overall level of this Index, in 
each case using the official opening weightings as published by the Index Sponsor as part of 
the market “opening data”. 
“Trading Disruption” means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to be a Multi Exchange Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange or otherwise: (i) relating to any Component Security on the Exchange in respect of 
such Component Security; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to this Index on the 
Related Exchange.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(b) 
Provisions 
(i) Strike Date 
If, in respect of any Index, the Strike Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Strike Date for this 
Index shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless 
each of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled 
Strike Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (a) the Ultimate Strike Date shall be deemed to be the Strike Date, for this Index, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (b) the Relevant Level of such 
Index on the Strike Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time 
on the Ultimate Strike Date in accordance with (subject to “Particular Provisions” set out in 
Condition 17.5) the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the relevant Exchange traded or quoted price as of 
the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike Date of each security comprised in this Index (or, if 
an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on the 
Ultimate Strike Date, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the 
Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike Date). 
“Ultimate Strike Date” means, in respect of any Index, the Scheduled Trading Day which is 
the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Strike Date. 
(ii) Valuation Date 
If, in respect of any Index, any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then this Valuation Date 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of 
the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the relevant Scheduled 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Valuation Date shall be deemed to be that Valuation Date 
for this Index, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) Relevant Level 
of such Index on such Valuation Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Valuation Time on that Ultimate Valuation Date in accordance with (subject to “Particular 
Provisions” set forth in Condition 17.5) the formula for and method of calculating this Index 
last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or 
quoted price as of the Valuation Time on such Ultimate Valuation Date of each security 
comprised in this Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect 
of the relevant security on such Ultimate Valuation Date, its good faith estimate of the value 
for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on such Ultimate Valuation Date). 
“Ultimate Valuation Date” means, in respect of any Index and Scheduled Valuation Date, the 
Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days 
immediately following such Scheduled Valuation Date. 
(iii) Observation Date 
If, in respect of any Index, any Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then this Observation Date 
for this Index shall be the first succeeding Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not 
occurred as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Observation Date, then (i) the Ultimate 
Observation Date shall be deemed to be the Observation Date, nothwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Relevant Level of such Index on such Observation 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time in accordance with 
(subject to “Particular Provisions” set forth in Condition 17.5 below) the formula for and method of 
calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the 
Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Observation Date of 
each security comprised in this Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
in respect of the relevant security on the Ultimate Observation Date, its good faith estimate of 
the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Observation Date). 
“Ultimate Observation Date” means, in respect of any Index, the Scheduled Trading Day 
which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Observation Date 
“Valid Date” means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Observation Date does not or is not deemed to occur.  
(iv) Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day is a Disrupted Day, then such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day will be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a 
Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on the relevant 
Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at 
any time during the one-hour period that begins and/or ends at the time on which the level of 
the Index triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, a Market Disruption Event 
occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have 
occurred. 
17.4 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a) 
Common definitions 
(i) Knock-in Event 
“Knock-in Event” means that the amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the sum of the values of each Index as the product in respect of each Index of (i) the 
level of such Index as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day 
and (ii) the relevant Weighting is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) “greater than”, 
(b) “greater than or equal to”, (c) “less than” or (d) “less than or equal to” the Knock-in Level. 
If “Knock-in Event” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then payment under the 
relevant Warrants resulting from the occurrence of such Knock-in Event shall be conditional 
upon such occurrence. 
“Knock-in Level” means the level per Basket specified as such or otherwise determined in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Condition 17.5 and to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in 
Condition 17.3. 
“Knock-in Determination Day” means, in respect of any Index, each Scheduled Trading Day 
during the Knock-in Determination Period subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set 
forth in Condition 17.3. 
“Knock-in Determination Period” means, in respect of any Index, the period which 
commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, 
the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-in Period Beginning Date” means, in respect of any Index, the date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Knock-in Period Ending Date” means, in respect of any Index, the date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-in Valuation Time” means, in respect of any Index, the time or period of time on any 
Knock-in Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, in the event 
that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in 
Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(ii) Knock-out Event 
“Knock-out Event” means that the amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the sum of the values of each Index as the product in respect of each Index of (i) the 
level of such Index as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day 
and (ii) the relevant Weighting is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) “greater than”, 
(b) “greater than or equal to”, (c) “less than” or (d) “less than or equal to” the Knock-out Level. 
If “Knock-out Event” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then payment under the 
relevant Warrants resulting from the absence of such Knock-out Event shall be conditional 
upon such absence. 
“Knock-out Level” means the level per Basket specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 
17.5 and to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 17.3. 
“Knock-out Determination Day” means, in respect of any Index, each Scheduled Trading Day 
during the Knock-out Determination Period subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set 
forth in Condition 17.3. 
“Knock-out Determination Period” means, in respect of any Index, the period which 
commences on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, 
the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-out Period Beginning Date” means, in respect of any Index, the date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Period Ending Date” means, in respect of any Index, the date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Valuation Time” means, in respect of any Index, the time or period of time on 
any Knock-out Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-
out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
17.5 
Particular Provisions 
(a) 
If any Index is (a) not calculated and announced by the relevant Index Sponsor but is calculated 
and announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent or (b) replaced by 
a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a 
substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of this 
Index, then in each case that index (the “Successor Index”) will be deemed to be such Index 
and the Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
If, in respect of any Index, on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last 
Observation Date, the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Day, (a) the relevant Index Sponsor (x) announces that it will make a material change in the 
formula for or the method of calculating this Index or in any other way materially modifies this 
Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain this Index in 
the event of changes in constituent stock and capitalisation and other routine events) (an “Index 
Modification”) or permanently cancels this Index and no Successor Index exists (an “Index 
Cancellation”) or (y) fails to calculate and announce this Index (an “Index Disruption” 
(provided for the avoidance of doubt that a successor sponsor calculating and announcing this 
Index determined as unacceptable by the Calculation Agent shall be an Index Disruption) or 
(b) an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs (together with an Index Modification, an Index 
Cancellation and an Index Disruption, each an “Index Adjustment Event”), then, if Essential 
Trigger is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will 
be entitled, for the purpose of performing its obligations in respect of the outstanding Warrants, 
either to: 
(i) calculate the level of this Index in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating this Index 
last in effect prior to the change, failure, cancellation or occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event, but using only those securities that comprised this Index immediately prior to the Index 
Adjustment Event; or (but not and) 
(ii) replace this Index by this Index as so modified or by the new index (as the case may be), provided that 
in such case, (1) the Calculation Agent will make such adjustments to the new index as may be required 
in order to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligation of the Issuer to make payment of any 
amount due and payable under the Warrants relating to this Index as if such new or modified index had 
not replaced this Index and, if need be, will multiply the modified or new index by a linking coefficient 
to do so as determined by the Calculation Agent and (2) the Warrantholders will be notified of the 
modified Index or the new index (as the case may be) and, if need be, of the linking coefficient; or (but 
not and) 
(iii) require the Issuer to terminate its obligations in relation to each Warrant by paying an amount per 
Warrant equal to the Early Settlement Amount. The Early Settlement Amount shall be payable by the 
Issuer on the fifth Business Day following notification by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that the event referred to in this sub-paragraph (iii) has occurred. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions of Condition 
9.5 must also be satisfied in order for Calculation Agent to be able to require the Issuer to adjust any 
provisions or terminate its obligations in relation to the Warrants pursuant to this Condition 17. 
(c) 
In the event that, in respect of any Index, any level announced by the relevant Index Sponsor 
which is utilised by the Calculation Agent for any determination (the “Original 
Determination”) is subsequently corrected and the correction (the “Corrected Value”) is 
announced by this Index Sponsor within two Scheduled Trading Days after the original 
publication and in any case not later than the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately 
preceding the payment date of the amount due and payable under the Warrants which is linked 
to that Original Determination, then the Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer of the 
Corrected Value as soon as reasonably practicable and shall determine the relevant value (the 
“Replacement Determination”) using the Corrected Value. 
If the result of the Replacement Determination is different from the result of the Original Determination, 
to the extent that it considers it to be necessary, the Calculation Agent may, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, adjust any relevant terms hereof accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Warrantholders shall not be entitled to make any claim against the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent in the case where any Original Determination is not subsequently corrected 
and/or the correction of the Original Determination is announced by this Index Sponsor after the second 
Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the payment date of the amount due and payable under 
the Warrants which is linked to that Original Determination. 
(d) 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable provide detailed notice of any determinations 
and/or adjustments, as the case may be, made and notified to the Issuer by the Calculation Agent

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
pursuant to paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of this Condition 17.5, whereupon the Issuer shall promptly 
provide detailed notice to the Warrant Agent and to the Warrantholders in accordance with the 
Conditions of such determinations and/or adjustments made and notified by the Calculation 
Agent. 
17.6 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
Definitions 
“Additional Disruption Event” means any of a Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost 
of Hedging, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Change in Law” means, if specified as applicable in the Final Terms, that on or after the Trade Date: 
(A) on account of the adoption of or any change to any Applicable Regulation, or (B) on account 
of the promulgation or change in the interpretation or application of any Applicable Regulation 
by any court, tribunal, regulatory or tax authority, exchange or governmental authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any Applicable Regulation: 
(i) the Issuer or Calculation Agent determines in its sole discretion that it is unable to fulfil its obligations 
under the Warrants or that it is illegal or contrary to any Applicable Regulation for it or any of its 
affiliates or other entities affected by the Hedging Agreements to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedging 
Arrangements in relation to such Warrants; or 
(ii) there is a significant increase in the costs to it and/or to its affiliates (including, but without limitation 
to, increases related to any taxation law or any solvency or capital requirement) of holding, decreases 
in tax benefits (or other adverse effects on its tax position), acquiring or disposing of Hedging 
Arrangements or any requirements in relation to reserves, special deposits, insurance assessments or 
other requirements in relation to such Warrants. 
“Hedging Agreements” means all hedge agreements concluded by the Issuer and/or any of its 
respective affiliates or other entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements concluded at any time in 
order to hedge the Warrants, including, but not restricted to, the purchase and/or sale of all transferable 
securities, all options or all futures contracts on these transferable securities, all certificates of deposit 
in respect of these transferable securities, and all corresponding transactions on currencies.  
“Hedging Disruption” means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that the Issuer 
and/or any one of its affiliates or all entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements, is/are unable, 
despite commercially reasonable efforts, (A) to acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s), any asset(s) or any contract(s) that they may deem necessary 
in order to cover the risk arising from that entity concluding and satisfying its obligations by virtue of 
the Warrants, or (B) to realise, recover or pay the income from such transaction(s) or contract(s) relative 
to the Warrants. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that the 
Issuer and/or any one of its affiliates or other entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements, incur(s) 
an amount of duties, taxes, costs or commissions (other than brokerage commissions) which is 
substantially increased (compared to the circumstances existing on the Trade Date) in order (A) to 
acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, maintain, unwind or transfer any transaction(s) or any asset(s) 
which they may deem necessary to hedge the risk (in particular but not limited to exchange and interest 
rate risks) of the Issuer or any third party or affiliate with whom the Issuer enters into a hedging 
transaction on account of the conclusion and satisfaction of its obligations by virtue of the Warrants, or 
(B) to realise, recover or pay the income from such transaction or transactions or from such asset or 
assets, provided that any substantially increased amount incurred exclusively on account of 
deterioration of the solvency of the Issuer and/or of any of its affiliates or of other entities concerned 
by the Hedging Agreements shall not be deemed to constitute an Increased Cost of Hedging.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(b) 
Consequences 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
settle the Warrants upon prior notification to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10. If 
the Warrants are thus settled, the Issuer shall upon such settlement pay to the Warrantholders an amount 
determined to be the fair market value of the Warrants based on the market conditions prevailing at the 
date of determination taking account of the Additional Disruption Event, minus the reasonable costs to 
the Issuer and/or its affiliates or other entities affected by the Hedging Agreements of unwinding 
underlying Hedging Arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion. 
Warrantholders shall be notified of each such payment in accordance with Condition 10. 
18. 
Terms for Single Commodity Warrants 
This Condition 18 applies to Single Commodity Warrants. 
18.1 
General Definitions 
“APX” means the Amsterdam Power Exchange N.V., or its successor. 
“Barrier Price” means the Price of the Commodity specified as such or otherwise determined in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to “Particular Provisions” set forth in Condition 18.5. 
“Bullion” means Gold, Silver, Platinum or Palladium, or any other metal specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, as the case may be. 
“Bullion Reference Dealers” means, with respect to any Bullion for which the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price is “Commodity Reference Dealers”, the four major dealers that are the members of the 
LBMA specified in the Final Terms, or if no such Bullion Reference Dealers are specified, selected by 
the Calculation Agent, in each case, acting through their principal London offices. 
“COMEX” means the Commodity Exchange Inc., New York, or its successor. 
“Commodity” means (a) (i) the commodity, (ii) the options contract relating to a commodity, (iii) the 
futures contract relating to a commodity, (iv) the options contract relating to a futures contract relating 
to a commodity, (v) the swap agreement relating to any of (i) to (iv) above, or (vi) any other agreement, 
derivative or otherwise, relating to a commodity, or (b) Bullion, if specified as the commodity in (i) to 
(iv) above, in each case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to “Particular Provisions” 
set forth in Condition 18.5. 
“Commodity Business Day” means: 
(a) 
in respect of any Commodity (other than Bullion) for which the Commodity Reference Price is 
a Price announced or published by an Exchange, a day that is (or, but for the occurrence of a 
Market Disruption Event, would have been) an Exchange Business Day; 
(b) 
in respect of any Commodity (other than Bullion) for which the Commodity Reference Price is 
not a Price announced or published by an Exchange, a day in respect of which the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price Sponsor or Price Source published (or, but for the occurrence of a 
Market Disruption Event, would have published) a Price; and 
(c) 
in respect of any Commodity which is Bullion, any day on which commercial banks are open 
for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London 
and New York and in such location as the Issuer or the Calculation Agent may determine to be 
the place where payment would be or is to be made for such Bullion under any related hedging 
arrangements. 
“Commodity Performance” means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any Observation Period, 
a rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Relevant Formula. 
“Commodity Reference Dealers” means that the Price for a date will be determined on the basis of 
quotations provided by Reference Dealers or Bullion Reference Dealers, as the case may be, on that

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
date of that day’s Specified Price for the relevant Commodity, if applicable. If four quotations are 
provided as requested, the Price for that date will be the arithmetic mean of the Specified Prices for that 
Commodity provided by each Reference Dealer or Bullion Reference Dealer, as the case may be, 
without regard to the Specified Prices having the highest and lowest values. If exactly three quotations 
are provided as requested, the price for that date will be the Specified Price provided by the relevant 
Reference Dealer or Bullion Reference Dealer, as the case may be, that remains after disregarding the 
Specified Prices having the highest and lowest values. For this purpose, if more than one quotation has 
the same highest value and lowest value, then the Specified Price of one of such quotations shall be 
disregarded. If fewer than three quotations are provided, it will be deemed that the price for the date 
cannot be determined. 
“Commodity Reference Price” means the Price of the Commodity specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to “Particular Provisions” set forth in Condition 18.5. 
“Commodity Reference Price Sponsor” means any corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible 
for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if 
any, related to the Commodity Reference Price and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the 
Commodity Reference Price on a regular basis during each business day, which is specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to “Particular Provisions” set forth in Condition 18.5, or, if not so 
specified, the relevant Exchange. 
“Disappearance of the Commodity Reference Price” means, in relation to a Commodity Reference 
Price, (a) the permanent discontinuation of trading in the relevant Commodity on the relevant Exchange; 
(b) the disappearance of, or of trading in, the relevant Commodity; or (c) the disappearance or permanent 
discontinuance or unavailability of a Commodity Reference Price, notwithstanding the availability of 
any related Price Source or the status of trading in the relevant Commodity. 
“Exchange” means the exchange or quotation system where the Commodity is mainly traded, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, or otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or any successor to such exchange or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in the Commodity has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation 
Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the Commodity on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
“Exchange Business Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange and, if any, the 
Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding 
any such Exchange or, if any, such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Exchange Rate” means, in respect of any Exchange Rate Determination Date, the cross currency rate 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms which appears on the page designated in the applicable 
Final Terms on such Exchange Rate Determination Date. If such rate does not appear on the page 
designated in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the Exchange Rate (or 
a method for determining the Exchange Rate). 
“Exchange Rate Business Day” means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the financial centre(s) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Exchange Rate Determination Date” means, in respect of any amount for the purposes of which an 
Exchange Rate has to be determined, the Exchange Rate Business Day that is the number of Exchange 
Rate Business Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms preceding the date of determination 
of such amount by the Calculation Agent. 
“Final Price” means either: 
(a) 
in respect of any Valuation Date, the Price of the Commodity as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date; or 
(b) 
in respect of the Averaging Dates relating to an Observation Period, the arithmetic average as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the relevant currency in

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
which the Commodity is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of the Relevant Prices on each 
Averaging Date. 
“Gold” means gold bars or unallocated gold complying with the rules of the LBMA relating to good 
delivery and fineness from time to time in effect. 
“ICE” or “Futures ICE” means The IntercontinentalExchange®, or its successor. 
“Initial Price” means the Price of the Commodity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
no such Price is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Price of the Commodity as determined by 
the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the Strike Date, subject to “Particular Provisions” 
set forth in Condition 18.5. 
“KSCBT” means the Kansas City Board of Trade, or its successor. 
“LBMA” means the London Bullion Market Association or its successor. 
“LME” means the London Metal Exchange Limited or its successor. 
“LPPM” means the London Platinum and Palladium Market or its successor. 
“Material Change in Content” means, in respect of a Commodity, the occurrence since the Issue Date 
of a material change in the content, composition or constitution of the relevant Commodity. 
“Material Change in Formula” means, in respect of a Commodity, the occurrence since the Issue Date 
of a material change in the formula for or method of calculating the relevant Commodity Reference 
Price. 
“Max” followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the greater of the numbers 
separated by a “;” inside those square brackets. 
“Min” followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the lesser of the numbers 
separated by a “;” inside those square brackets. 
“NORDPOOL” means the Nord pool ASA (The Nordic Power Exchange), or its successor. 
“NYMEX” means the New York Mercantile Exchange, or its successor. 
“Observation Period” means each period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Ounce” means a troy ounce. 
“Palladium” means palladium ingots or plate or unallocated palladium complying with the rules of the 
LPPM relating to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect. 
“Platinum” means platinum ingots or plate or unallocated platinum complying with the rules of the 
LPPM relating to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect. 
“Price” means the price, level or rate of the Commodity, as applicable. 
“Price Materiality Percentage” means percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms, if any. 
“Price Source” means, in respect of a Commodity, the publication (or such other origin of reference, 
including an Exchange or a Commodity Reference Price Sponsor) containing (or reporting) the 
Specified Price (or prices from which the Specified Price is calculated) specified in the definition of the 
relevant Commodity Reference Price in the Final Terms. 
“Price Source Disruption” means, in respect of a Commodity, (a) the failure of the relevant Price 
Source to announce or publish the Specified Price (or the information necessary for determining the 
Specified Price) for the relevant Commodity Reference Price; (b) the temporary or permanent 
discontinuance or unavailability of the Price Source; (c) if the Commodity Reference Price is 
“Commodity Reference Dealers”, the failure to obtain at least three quotations as requested from the 
relevant Reference Dealers or Bullion Reference Dealers, if applicable; or (d) if a Price Materiality

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Specified Price for the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price differs from the Specified Price determined in accordance with the Commodity 
Reference Price specified as “Commodity Reference Dealers” by such Price Materiality Percentage. 
“Reference Dealers” means, in respect of a Commodity (other than Bullion) for which the Commodity 
Reference Price is “Commodity Reference Dealers”, the four dealers specified in the Final Terms or, if 
dealers are not so specified, four leading dealers in the relevant market selected by the Issuer. 
“Relevant Commodity Benchmark” means, in respect of any series of Warrants: 
(a)  
a Commodity Reference Price (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source 
that is referred to in the Commodity Reference Price); or 
(b)  
any other index, benchmark or price source specified as a “Relevant Commodity Benchmark” 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Related Exchange” means the exchange or quotation system where futures or options contracts 
relating to the Commodity are mainly traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, or otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor to such 
exchange or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Commodity or futures 
and options contracts relating to the Commodity has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures and options 
contracts relating to the Commodity on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on 
the original Related Exchange). 
“Relevant Price” means, in respect of any Averaging Date, the Price of the Commodity as determined 
by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on such Averaging Date. 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of the Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of 
the hours of the regular trading session hours. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means any day on which the Exchange and, if any, the Related Exchange 
are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions. 
“Silver” means silver bars or unallocated silver complying with the rules of the LBMA relating to good 
delivery and fineness from time to time in effect. 
“SIMEX” means the Singapore International Monetary Exchange Inc., or its successor. 
“Specified Price” means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, any of the following Prices 
(which must be a Price reported in or by, or capable of being determined from information reported in 
or by, the relevant Price Source), as specified in the applicable Final Terms (and, if applicable, as of the 
time so specified): (a) the high Price; (b) the low Price; (c) the average of the high Price and the low 
Price; (d) the closing Price; (e) the opening Price; (f) the bid Price; (g) the asked Price; (h) the average 
of the bid Price and the asked Price; (i) the settlement Price; (j) the official settlement Price; (k) the 
official Price; (l) the morning fixing; (m) the afternoon fixing; (n) the fixing; or (o) the spot Price. 
“Tax Disruption” means, in respect of a Commodity, the imposition of, change in or removal of an 
excise, severance, sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or 
measured by reference to the relevant Commodity (other than a tax on, or measured by reference to, 
overall gross or net income) by any government or taxation authority after the Issue Date, if the direct 
effect of such imposition, change or removal is to raise or lower the Commodity Reference Price on the 
day on which the Commodity Reference Price would otherwise be determined from what it would have 
been without that imposition, change or removal. 
“Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such time is 
specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date or Averaging 
Date or Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day. If such Exchange closes prior

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its 
regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
> means that the item or number preceding this sign will be higher than the item or number following 
this sign. 
< means that the item or number preceding this sign will be lower than the item or number following 
this sign. 
≥ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or higher than the item or number 
following this sign. 
≤ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or lower than the item or number 
following this sign. 
|𝒏| or “ABS (n)” means the absolute value of the item or number inside the brackets. 
18.2 
Valuation 
(a) 
Strike Date 
“Strike Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a 
relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Scheduled Trading Day, subject to 
“Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 18.3. 
“Scheduled Strike Date” means the original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date. 
(b) 
Valuation Date 
“Valuation Date” means any Actual Exercise Date or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day or has such other meaning as is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, all subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 18.3. 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means the original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing 
a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
(c) 
Averaging Date 
“Averaging Date” means, in respect of any Observation Period, each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Valid Date, 
subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 18.3. 
“Valid Date” means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not, or is not deemed to, occur. 
18.3 
Consequences of Disrupted Day(s) 
(a) 
Definitions 
“Disrupted Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session, (ii) the Commodity Reference Price 
Sponsor fails to publish the Commodity Reference Price, or (iii) on which a Market Disruption Event 
has occurred. 
“Early Closure” means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant Exchange relating 
to the Commodity or, if any, the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such 
earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange at least one hour 
prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or, if 
any, such Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders 
to be entered into the Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation 
Time on such Exchange Business Day.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Exchange Disruption” means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Commodity on any relevant Exchange or (ii) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the Commodity on 
the relevant Related Exchange. 
“Market Disruption Event” means the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an 
Exchange Disruption, (iii) a Price Source Disruption which in each case the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one-hour period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence 
of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event begins and/or ends at the time on which the Price of the 
Commodity triggers respectively the Knock-in Price or the Knock-out Price or (b) in all other 
circumstances that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iv) an Early Closure. 
“Trading Disruption” means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading of the Commodity 
by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange or otherwise. 
b) Provisions 
(i) Strike Date 
If the Strike Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Strike Date shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number of 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the Ultimate Strike Date shall be deemed to be the Strike Date, notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Price of the Commodity as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike Date in accordance 
with (subject to “Particular Provisions” set forth in Condition 18.5) the formula for and method 
of calculating the Price of the Commodity last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first 
Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted Price as of the Valuation Time on the 
Ultimate Strike Date of the Commodity (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has 
occurred in respect of the relevant security on the Ultimate Strike Date, its good faith estimate 
of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike Date). 
“Ultimate Strike Date” means the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific 
Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date. 
“Specific Number” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
number is specified, the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to eight. 
(ii) Valuation Date 
If any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then this Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number of 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Valuation Date shall be deemed to be that Valuation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Price of the Commodity as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate Valuation 
Date in accordance with (subject to “Particular Provisions” set forth in Condition 18.5) the 
formula for and method of calculating the Price of the Commodity last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted Price as of the 
Valuation Time on such Ultimate Valuation Date of the Commodity (or, if an event giving rise 
to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the Commodity on such Ultimate Valuation Date, 
its good faith estimate of the value of the Commodity as of the Valuation Time on such Ultimate 
Valuation Date).

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Ultimate Valuation Date” means, in respect of any Scheduled Valuation Date, the Scheduled 
Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following such Scheduled Valuation Date. 
“Specific Number” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
number is specified, the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to eight. 
(iii) Averaging Date 
If any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then this Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding 
Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the 
Ultimate Averaging Date, then (1) the Ultimate Averaging Date shall be deemed to be that 
Averaging Date (irrespective of whether the Ultimate Averaging Date is already an Averaging 
Date), and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Price of the Commodity as of the 
Valuation Time for that Averaging Date in accordance with (subject to the “Particular 
Provisions” set forth in Condition 18.5) the formula for and method of calculating the Price of 
the Commodity last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the 
Exchange traded or quoted Price as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Averaging Date of 
the Commodity (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the 
Commodity on the Ultimate Averaging Date, its good faith estimate of the value of the 
Commodity as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Averaging Date). 
“Ultimate Averaging Date”, in respect of any Observation Period, means the Scheduled 
Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted 
Day, would have been the final Averaging Date relating to this Observation Period. 
“Specific Number” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
number is specified, the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to eight. 
(iv) Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day is a Disrupted Day, then such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day will be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a 
Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on the relevant 
Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at 
any time during the one-hour period that begins and/or ends at the time on which the Price of 
the Commodity triggers the Knock-in Price or the Knock-out Price, a Market Disruption Event 
occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have 
occurred. 
18.4 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a) 
Knock-in Event 
“Knock-in Event” means that the Price of the Commodity determined by the Calculation Agent as of 
the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day is, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, (i) “greater than”, (ii) “greater than or equal to”, (iii) “less than” or (iv) “less than or equal 
to” the Knock-in Price. 
If “Knock-in Event” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then payment under the relevant 
Warrants resulting from the occurrence of such Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon such 
occurrence.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Knock-in Price” means the Price of the Commodity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with “Particular Provisions” set forth in Condition 
18.5 and “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 18.3. 
“Knock-in Determination Day” means each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in 
Determination Period subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 18.3. 
“Knock-in Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-in Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-in Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
the Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
“Knock-in Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(b) 
Knock-out Event 
“Knock-out Event” means that the Price of the Commodity determined by the Calculation Agent as of 
the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day is, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, (i) “greater than”, (ii) “greater than or equal to”, (iii) “less than” or (iv) “less than or equal 
to” the Knock-out Price. 
If “Knock-out Event” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then payment under the relevant 
Warrants resulting from the absence of such Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon such absence. 
“Knock-out Price” means the Price of the Commodity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with “Particular Provisions” set forth in Condition 
18.5 and “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 18.3. 
“Knock-out Determination Day” means each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out 
Determination Period subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 18.3. 
“Knock-out Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-out Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
18.5 
Particular Provisions 
(a) 
If the Commodity Reference Price is (i) neither determined nor calculated and announced by 
the relevant Exchange or Commodity Reference Price Sponsor but is calculated and announced 
by a successor exchange or Commodity Reference Price Sponsor acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent (the “Successor”) or (ii) replaced by a successor commodity using, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, the same or substantially similar specifications or formula for, and 
method of, calculation as used in the determination or calculation of the Commodity Reference 
Price, then in each case that commodity (the “Successor Commodity”) will be deemed to be 
the Commodity, and the Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
If, on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last Averaging Date, the last Knock-
in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day, (a) the relevant Exchange or 
Commodity Reference Price Sponsor (x) announces that it will make a Material Change in 
Formula (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method relating to the 
Commodity), a Material Change in Content (other than a modification in the event of prescribed 
changes in its content, composition or constitution and other routine events) (a “Commodity 
Modification”), or the Disappearance of the Commodity Reference Price and no Successor 
Commodity exists (a “Commodity Cancellation”) (or any such event occurs without any such 
announcement) or (y) fails to calculate and announce the Price of the Commodity (a 
“Commodity Disruption” (provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that any successor exchange 
or sponsor calculating or determining and announcing the Commodity determined as 
unacceptable by the Calculation Agent shall be a Commodity Disruption)) or (b) an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs (together with a Commodity Modification, a 
Commodity Cancellation and a Commodity Disruption, each a “Commodity Adjustment 
Event”), or (c) a Tax Disruption occurs, then, if Essential Trigger is specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will be entitled, for the purpose of 
performing its obligations in respect of the outstanding Warrants, either to: 
(i) calculate the Commodity Reference Price in accordance with the formula for, and method of, 
calculating the Commodity Reference Price last in effect prior to the Commodity Adjustment Event or 
Tax Disruption; or (but not and) 
(ii) replace the Commodity by the Commodity as so modified or by the new commodity or commodities or 
commodity related agreement(s) (as the case may be), provided that in such case, (a) the Calculation 
Agent will make such adjustments to the new or modified commodity or commodities or commodity 
related agreement(s) as may be required in order to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligation 
of the Issuer to make payment of any amount due and payable under the Warrants relating to the 
Commodity as if such new or modified commodity or commodities or commodity related agreement(s) 
had not replaced the Commodity and, if need be, will multiply the new or modified commodity or 
commodities or commodity related agreement(s) by a linking coefficient to preserve such economic 
equivalent as determined by the Calculation Agent and (b) the Warrantholders will be notified of the 
modified Commodity or the new commodity or commodities or commodity related agreement(s) (as 
the case may be) and, if need be, of the linking coefficient; or (but not and) 
(iii) require the Issuer to terminate its obligations in relation to each Warrant by paying an amount per 
Warrant equal to the Early Settlement Amount. The Early Settlement Amount shall be payable by the 
Issuer on the fifth Business Day following notification by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that the event referred to in this paragraph (b) has occurred. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions of Condition 
9.5 must also be satisfied in order for Calculation Agent to be able to require the Issuer to adjust any 
provisions or terminate its obligations in relation to the Warrants pursuant to this Condition 18. 
(c) 
In the event that any Price announced by the Exchange or Commodity Reference Price Sponsor 
which is utilised by the Calculation Agent for any determination (the “Original 
Determination”) is subsequently corrected and the correction (the “Corrected Value”) is 
announced by the relevant Exchange or Commodity Reference Price Sponsor within two 
Scheduled Trading Days after the original publication and in any case not later than the second

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the payment date of the amount due and payable 
under the Warrants which is linked to that Original Determination, then the Calculation Agent 
will notify the Issuer of the Corrected Value as soon as reasonably practicable and shall 
determine the relevant value (the “Replacement Determination”) using the Corrected Value. 
If the result of the Replacement Determination is different from the result of the Original Determination, 
to the extent that it considers it to be necessary, the Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms 
hereof accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Warrantholders shall not be entitled to make any claim against the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent in the case where any Original Determination is not subsequently corrected 
and/or the correction of the Original Determination is announced by the Commodity Reference Price 
Sponsor after the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the payment date of the 
amount due and payable under the Warrants which is linked to that Original Determination. 
(d) 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, provide detailed notice of any 
determinations and/or adjustments, as the case may be, made and notified to the Issuer by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of this Condition 18.5, whereupon the 
Issuer shall promptly provide detailed notice to the Warrant Agent and to the Warrantholders 
in accordance with the Conditions of such determinations and/or adjustments made and notified 
by the Calculation Agent. 
18.6 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
Definitions 
“Additional Disruption Event” means any of a Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost 
of Hedging, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Change in Law” means, if specified as applicable in the Final Terms, that on or after the Trade Date: 
(A) on account of the adoption of or any change to any Applicable Regulation, or (B) on account 
of the promulgation or change in the interpretation or application of any Applicable Regulation 
by any court, tribunal, regulatory or tax authority, exchange or governmental authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any Applicable Regulation: 
(i) the Issuer or Calculation Agent determines in its sole discretion that it is unable to fulfil its obligations 
under the Warrants or that it is illegal or contrary to any Applicable Regulation for it or any of its 
affiliates or other entities affected by the Hedging Agreements to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedging 
Arrangements in relation to such Warrants; or 
(ii) there is a significant increase in the costs to it and/or to its affiliates (including, but without limitation 
to, increases related to any taxation law or any solvency or capital requirement) of holding, decreases 
in tax benefits (or other adverse effects on its tax position), acquiring or disposing of Hedging 
Arrangements or any requirements in relation to reserves, special deposits, insurance assessments or 
other requirements in relation to such Warrants. 
“Hedging Agreements” means all hedge agreements concluded by the Issuer and/or any of its 
respective affiliates or other entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements concluded at any time in 
order to hedge the Warrants, including, but not restricted to, the purchase and/or sale of all transferable 
securities, all options or all futures contracts on these transferable securities, all certificates of deposit 
in respect of these transferable securities, and all corresponding transactions on currencies.  
“Hedging Disruption” means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that the Issuer 
and/or any one of its affiliates or all entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements, is/are unable, 
despite commercially reasonable efforts, (A) to acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s), any asset(s) or any contract(s) that they may deem necessary 
in order to cover the risk arising from that entity concluding and satisfying its obligations by virtue of 
the Warrants, or (B) to realise, recover or pay the income from such transaction(s) or contract(s) relative 
to the Warrants.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that the 
Issuer and/or any one of its affiliates or other entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements, incur(s) 
an amount of duties, taxes, costs or commissions (other than brokerage commissions) which is 
substantially increased (compared to the circumstances existing on the Trade Date) in order (A) to 
acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, maintain, unwind or transfer any transaction(s) or any asset(s) 
which they may deem necessary to hedge the risk (in particular but not limited to exchange and interest 
rate risks) of the Issuer or any third party or affiliate with whom the Issuer enters into a hedging 
transaction on account of the conclusion and satisfaction of its obligations by virtue of the Warrants, or 
(B) to realise, recover or pay the income from such transaction or transactions or from such asset or 
assets, provided that any substantially increased amount incurred exclusively on account of 
deterioration of the solvency of the Issuer and/or of any of its affiliates or of other entities concerned 
by the Hedging Agreements shall not be deemed to constitute an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
(b) 
Consequences 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
settle the Warrants upon prior notification to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10. If 
the Warrants are thus settled, the Issuer shall upon such settlement pay to the Warrantholders an amount 
determined to be the fair market value of the Warrants based on the market conditions prevailing at the 
date of determination taking account of the Additional Disruption Event, minus the reasonable costs to 
the Issuer and/or its affiliates or other entities affected by the Hedging Agreements of unwinding 
underlying Hedging Arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion. 
Warrantholders shall be notified of each such payment in accordance with Condition 10. 
18.7 
Specific provisions relating to EUA linked Warrants 
Unless if specified as being Not Applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the occurrence of an 
Abandonment of Scheme will not constitute a Commodity Adjustment Event, an Additional Disruption 
Event, a Market Disruption Event or a failure by the Commodity Reference Price Sponsor to publish 
the Commodity Reference Price. 
Where: 
“Abandonment of Scheme” means that, as a result of official written public pronouncement by the 
European Union, the Scheme is no longer scheduled to proceed or is to be discontinued. 
“EUA” means, the greenhouse gas emission allowances trading within the European Union, the Price 
Source of which is specified in the Final Terms, and the futures contract relating to greenhouse gas 
emission allowance listed on the relevant Exchange, the experition date of which is specified in the 
Final Terms. 
“Scheme” means scheme for transferring EUA established pursuant to the Directive 2003/87/EC of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 13 October 2003 (the “Directive”) establishing a scheme 
for greenhouse gas emission allowance trading within the Union and amending Council Directive 
96/61/EC and the EU Commission Regulation establishing a Union registry, the Decision 280/2004/EC 
of the European Parliament and of the Council, each as amended from time to time, and as implemented 
by the national laws of the European Union Member States. 
19. 
Terms for Basket Commodity Warrants 
This Condition 19 applies to Basket Commodity Warrants. 
19.1 
General Definitions 
(a) 
Common definitions 
“APX” means the Amsterdam Power Exchange N.V., or its successor. 
“Basket” means a basket composed of each Commodity specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
relative proportions specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Barrier Price” means either: 
(i) if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of any 
Commodity, the Price of such Commodity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
OR 
(ii) if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Price per Basket 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such Price is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, no Barrier Price shall be applicable, 
subject to “Particular Provisions” set forth in Condition 19.5. 
“Basket Performance” means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any Observation Period, a rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Relevant Formula. 
“Bullion” means Gold, Silver, Platinum or Palladium, or any other metal specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, as the case may be. 
“Bullion Reference Dealers” means, with respect to any Bullion for which the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price is “Commodity Reference Dealers”, the four major dealers that are the members of the 
LBMA specified in the Final Terms, or, if no such Bullion Reference Dealers are specified, selected by 
the Calculation Agent, in each case, acting through their principal London offices unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“COMEX” means the Commodity Exchange Inc., New York or its successor. 
“Commodity” means (a) (i) the commodity, (ii) the options contract relating to a commodity, (iii) the 
futures contract relating to a commodity, (iv) the options contract relating to a futures contract relating 
to a commodity, (v) the swap agreement relating to any of (i) to (iv), or (vi) the other agreement, 
derivative or otherwise, relating to a commodity or (b) Bullion, if specified as the relevant commodity 
relating to any of (i) to (iv) above, in each case, specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
“Particular Provisions” set forth in Condition 19.5. 
“Commodity Business Day” means (a) in respect of any Commodity (other than Bullion) for which 
the Commodity Reference Price is a Price announced or published by an Exchange, a day that is (or, 
but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have been) an Exchange Business Day; (b) 
in respect of any Commodity (other than Bullion) for which the Commodity Reference Price is not a 
Price announced or published by an Exchange, a day in respect of which the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price Sponsor or Price Source published (or, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption 
Event, would have published) a Price; and (c) in respect of any Commodity which is Bullion, any day 
on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London and New York and in such location as the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
may determine to be the place where payment would be or is to be made for such Bullion under any 
related hedging arrangements. 
“Commodity Performance” means, in respect of each Commodity in the Basket and any Valuation 
Date and/or any Observation Period, a rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, the name of which shall be 
stipulated in the applicable Final Terms, if any. 
“Commodity Reference Dealers” means that the Price for a date will be determined on the basis of 
quotations provided by Reference Dealers or Bullion Reference Dealers, as the case may be, on that 
date of that day’s Specified Price for the relevant Commodity, if applicable. If four quotations are 
provided as requested, the Price for that date will be the arithmetic mean of the Specified Prices for that 
Commodity provided by each Reference Dealer or Bullion Reference Dealer, as the case may be, 
without regard to the Specified Prices having the highest and lowest values. If exactly three quotations 
are provided as requested, the Price for that date will be the Specified Price provided by the relevant 
Reference Dealer or Bullion Reference Dealer, as the case may be, that remains after disregarding the 
Specified Prices having the highest and lowest values. For this purpose, if more than one quotation has

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
the same highest value and lowest value, then the Specified Price of one of such quotations shall be 
disregarded. If fewer than three quotations are provided, it will be deemed that the Price for the date 
cannot be determined. 
“Commodity Reference Price” means, with respect to each Commodity in the Basket, the Price of the 
Commodity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to “Particular Provisions” set forth 
in Condition 19.5. 
“Disappearance of the Commodity Reference Price” means, in relation to a Commodity Reference 
Price, (a) the permanent discontinuation of trading in the relevant Commodity on the relevant Exchange; 
(b) the disappearance of, or of trading in, the relevant Commodity; or (c) the disappearance or permanent 
discontinuance or unavailability of a Commodity Reference Price, notwithstanding the availability of 
any related Price Source or the status of trading in the relevant Commodity. 
“Exchange Rate” means, in respect of any Exchange Rate Determination Date, the cross currency rate 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms which appears on the page designated in the applicable 
Final Terms on such Exchange Rate Determination Date. If such rate does not appear on the page 
designated in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the Exchange Rate (or 
a method for determining the Exchange Rate). 
“Exchange Rate Business Day” means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the financial centre(s) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Exchange Rate Determination Date” means, in respect of any amount for the purposes of which an 
Exchange Rate has to be determined, the Exchange Rate Business Day that is the number of Exchange 
Rate Business Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms preceding the date of determination 
of such amount by the Calculation Agent. 
“Final Price” means either: 
(i) if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, either: 
(A) 
in respect of any Commodity and any Valuation Date, the Price of such 
Commodity as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time 
on such Valuation Date; 
OR 
(B) 
in respect of any Commodity and the Averaging Dates relating to an 
Observation Period, the arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the relevant currency in which such 
Commodity is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of the Relevant Prices 
of such Commodity on each of such Averaging Dates; 
OR 
(ii) if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, either: 
(A) 
in respect of any Valuation Date, an amount for the Basket determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Commodity as the 
product in respect of each Commodity of (i) the Relevant Price of such 
Commodity on such Valuation Date and (ii) the relevant Weighting; 
OR 
(B) 
in respect of the Averaging Dates relating to an Observation Period, the 
arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation Agent of the amounts for 
the Basket calculated on each of such Averaging Dates as the sum of the values 
of each Commodity as the product in respect of each Commodity of (i) the

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Relevant Price of such Commodity on each of such Averaging Dates and (ii) 
the relevant Weighting. 
“Gold” means gold bars or unallocated gold complying with the rules of the LBMA relating to good 
delivery and fineness from time to time in effect. 
“Highest Commodity Performance” means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any Observation 
Period, the numerically highest Commodity Performance as determined by the Calculation Agent 
among the Commodity Performances determined on such Valuation and/or such Observation Period. 
“Highest Performing Commodity” means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any Observation 
Period, the Commodity with the Highest Commodity Index Performance on such Valuation Date and/or 
such Observation Period. 
“ICE” or “Futures ICE” means The Intercontinental Exchange®, or its successor. 
“Initial Price” means either: 
(i) if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of any 
Commodity, the Price of such Commodity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
such Price is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Price of such Commodity as determined 
by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the Strike Date; 
OR 
(ii) if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Price per 
Basket specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such Price is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, an amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
sum of the values of each Commodity as the product in respect of each Commodity of (i) the 
Relevant Price of such Commodity on the Strike Date and (ii) the relevant Weighting, subject to 
“Particular Provisions” set forth in Condition 19.5. 
“KSCBT” means the Kansas City Board of Trade, or its successor. 
“LBMA” means the London Bullion Market Association or its successor. 
“LME” means the London Metal Exchange Limited or its successor. 
“Lowest Commodity Performance” means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any Observation 
Period, the numerically lowest Commodity Performance as determined by the Calculation Agent among 
the Commodity Performances determined on such Valuation and/or such Observation Period. 
“Lowest Performing Commodity” means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any Observation 
Period, the Commodity with the Lowest Commodity Performance on such Valuation Date and/or such 
Observation Period. 
“LPPM” means the London Platinum and Palladium Market or its successor. 
“Max” followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the greater of the numbers 
separated by a “;” inside those square brackets. 
“Min” followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the lesser of the numbers 
separated by a “;” inside those square brackets. 
“Multi Exchange Basket” means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
be a Multi Exchange Basket, that the Commodities comprising such Basket are, or are deemed to be, 
traded on several exchanges and accordingly that the definitions comprised in this Condition 19 relating 
to the Multi Exchange Basket shall apply to such Basket and each such Commodity therein. 
“NORDPOOL” means the Nord Pool ASA (The Nordic Power Exchange), or its successor. 
“NYMEX” means the New York Mercantile Exchange, or its successor.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Observation Period” means each period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Ounce” means a troy ounce. 
“Palladium” means palladium ingots or plate or unallocated palladium complying with the rules of the 
LPPM relating to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect. 
“Platinum” means platinum ingots or plate or unallocated platinum complying with the rules of the 
LPPM relating to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect. 
“Price” means the price, level or rate of the Commodity or Basket, as applicable. 
“Price Materiality Percentage” means percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms, if any. 
“Price Source” means, in respect of a Commodity, the publication (or such other origin of reference, 
including an Exchange or a Commodity Reference Price Sponsor) containing (or reporting) the 
Specified Price (or Prices from which the Specified Price is calculated) specified in the definition of the 
relevant Commodity Reference Price in the Final Terms. 
“Price Source Disruption” means, in respect of a Commodity, (a) the failure of the relevant Price 
Source to announce or publish the Specified Price (or the information necessary for determining the 
Specified Price) for the relevant Commodity Reference Price; (b) the temporary or permanent 
discontinuance or unavailability of the Price Source; (c) if the Commodity Reference Price is 
“Commodity Reference Dealers”, the failure to obtain at least three quotations as requested from the 
relevant Reference Dealers or Bullion Reference Dealers, if applicable; or (d) if a Price Materiality 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Specified Price for the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price differs from the Specified Price determined in accordance with the Commodity 
Reference Price specified as “Commodity Reference Dealers” by such Price Materiality Percentage. 
“Reference Dealers” means, in respect of a Commodity (other than Bullion) for which the Commodity 
Reference Price is “Commodity Reference Dealers”, the four dealers specified in the Final Terms or, if 
dealers are not so specified, four leading dealers in the relevant market selected by the Issuer. 
“Related Exchange” means, in respect of a Commodity, the exchange or quotation system where 
futures or options contracts relating to this Commodity are mainly traded, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, or otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or any successor to such exchange or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which 
trading in the Commodity or futures and options contracts relating to the Commodity has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative 
to the Commodity or futures and options contracts relating to the Commodity on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange). 
“Relevant Commodity Benchmark” means, in respect of any series of Warrants: 
(a) 
a Commodity Reference Price (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that 
is referred to in the Commodity Reference Price); or 
(b) 
any other index, benchmark or price source specified as a “Relevant Commodity Benchmark” in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
“Relevant Price” means, in respect of any Commodity, the Price of such Commodity as determined by 
the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time. 
“Silver” means silver bars or unallocated silver complying with the rules of the LBMA relating to good 
delivery and fineness from time to time in effect. 
“SIMEX” means the Singapore International Monetary Exchange Inc., or its successor. 
“Single Exchange Basket” means, in respect of any Basket specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
be a Single Exchange Basket, that each Commodity in such Basket is deemed to be traded on the same

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
exchange and accordingly that the definitions comprised in this Condition 19 relating to the Single 
Exchange Basket shall apply to each such Commodity in such Basket. 
“Specified Price” means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, any of the following Prices 
(which must be a Price reported in or by, or capable of being determined from information reported in 
or by, the relevant Price Source), as specified in the applicable Final Terms (and, if applicable, as of the 
time so specified): (a) the high Price; (b) the low Price; (c) the average of the high Price and the low 
Price; (d) the closing Price; (e) the opening Price; (f) the bid Price; (g) the asked Price; (h) the average 
of the bid Price and the asked Price; (i) the settlement Price; (j) the official settlement Price; (k) the 
official Price; (l) the morning fixing; (m) the afternoon fixing; (n) the fixing; or (o) the spot Price. 
“Tax Disruption” means, in respect of a Commodity, the imposition of, change in or removal of an 
excise, severance, sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or 
measured by reference to the relevant Commodity (other than a tax on, or measured by reference to, 
overall gross or net income) by any government or taxation authority after the Issue Date, if the direct 
effect of such imposition, change or removal is to raise or lower the Commodity Reference Price on the 
day on which the Commodity Reference Price would otherwise be determined from what it would have 
been without that imposition, change or removal. 
“Weighting” or “Wi” means, in respect of each Commodity comprised in the Basket, the percentage or 
the fraction in respect of such Commodity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
> means that the item or number preceding this sign will be higher than the item or number following 
this sign. 
< means that the item or number preceding this sign will be lower than the item or number following 
this sign. 
≥ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or higher than the item or number 
following this sign. 
≤ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or lower than the item or number 
following this sign. 
|𝒏| or “ABS (n)” means the absolute value of the item or number inside the brackets. 
(b) 
Definitions applicable to a Single Exchange Basket 
“Exchange” means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable Final Terms to be a Single 
Exchange Basket, the exchange or quotation system specified where the Commodity is mainly traded, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, or any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system which for the avoidance of doubt shall be the Exchange with respect to 
each Commodity in the Basket unless, with respect to any Commodity in the Basket, any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in such Commodity has temporarily relocated (provided 
that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to that Commodity 
on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
“Exchange Business Day” means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
be a Single Exchange Basket, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and, if any, 
the relevant Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or, if any, such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time. 
“Commodity Reference Price Sponsor” means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Basket, the corporation or other entity that (i) is responsible for 
setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, 
related to the Commodity Reference Price relating to each of the Commodities in the Basket and (ii) 
announces (directly or through an agent) each such Commodity Reference Price on a regular basis 
during each relevant Scheduled Trading Day, which is specified as such in the applicable Final Terms,

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
subject to “Particular Provisions” set forth in Condition 19.5, or, if not so specified, the relevant 
Exchange. 
“Related Exchange” means, in respect of any Commodity in the Basket specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Basket, the exchange or quotation system where futures or options 
contracts relating to this Commodity are mainly traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion, or otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if any, any 
successor to such exchange which for the avoidance of doubt shall be the Related exchange for all 
Commodities in the Basket unless, with respect to any Commodity in the Basket, any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in each such Commodity or futures or options contracts 
relating to such Commodity has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Commodity or futures or options contracts 
relating to such Commodity on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original Related Exchange). 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
be a Single Exchange Basket, and in respect of the relevant Exchange or, if any, the relevant Related 
Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or, if 
any, the relevant Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or 
any other trading outside of the hours of the regular trading session hours. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
be a Single Exchange Basket, any day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related 
Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions. 
“Valuation Time” means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable Final Terms to be a Single 
Exchange Basket, the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such time is 
specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date or 
Averaging Date or Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day. If such Exchange 
closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing 
time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
(c) 
Definitions applicable to a Multi Exchange Basket 
“Exchange” means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable Final Terms to be a Multi 
Exchange Basket and each Commodity therein, the principal exchange or quotation system on which 
such Commodity is principally traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion, or otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, which is on the Issue Date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to “Particular Provisions” set forth in Condition 19.5 and 
any successor to such exchange or quotation system, to which trading in such Commodity has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable 
liquidity relative to that Commodity on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on 
the original Exchange). 
“Exchange Business Day” means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
be a Multi Exchange Basket and each Commodity therein, any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) 
the relevant Commodity Reference Price Sponsor publishes the Price of this Commodity or (ii) the 
relevant Exchange and, if any, the relevant Related Exchange are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or, if any, the relevant Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Commodity Reference Price Sponsor” means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Basket and each Commodity therein, the corporation or other entity 
that (i) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation 
and adjustment, if any, related to the Commodity Reference Price relating to this Commodity and (ii) 
announces (directly or through an agent) the Commodity Reference Price relating to this Commodity 
on a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, other than the Exchange (if any), which is on 
the Issue Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to “Particular Provisions” set 
forth in Condition 19.5, or, if not so specified, the relevant Exchange.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Related Exchange” means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable Final Terms to be a 
Multi Exchange Basket and each Commodity therein, the exchange or quotation system where futures 
or options contracts relating to this Commodity are mainly traded, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, or otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms which is 
on the Issue Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor to such exchange or 
any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in this Commodity or futures and options 
contracts relating to this Commodity has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to this Commodity on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange). 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
be a Multi Exchange Basket and each Commodity therein, the scheduled weekday closing time of the 
relevant Exchange, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the hours of the regular 
trading session hours. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
be a Multi Exchange Commodity and each Commodity therein, any day on which: (i) the relevant 
Exchange or Commodity Reference Price Sponsor is scheduled to publish the Price of this Commodity; 
and (ii) the relevant Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session. 
“Valuation Time” means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable Final Terms to be a Multi 
Exchange Commodity and each Commodity therein, (i) for the purposes of determining whether a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred in respect of such Commodity, the Scheduled Closing Time on 
the relevant Exchange in respect of such Component Commodity and (ii) in all other circumstances, the 
time at which the official closing Price of this Commodity is calculated and published by the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price Sponsor. 
19.2 
Valuation 
(a) 
Strike Date 
“Strike Date” means, in respect of any Commodity, the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Scheduled 
Trading Day, subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 19.3. 
“Scheduled Strike Date” means, in respect of any Commodity, the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date. 
(b) 
Valuation Date 
“Valuation Date” means any Actual Exercise Date or, if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading 
Day, the next following relevant Scheduled Trading Day– all subject to “Consequences of Disrupted 
Day(s)” set forth in Condition 19.3. 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means, in respect of any Commodity, the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
(c) 
Averaging Date 
“Averaging Date” means, in respect of any Commodity, each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Valid Date, subject to 
“Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 19.3. 
“Valid Date” means, in respect of any Commodity, a relevant Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
19.3 
Consequences of Disrupted Day(s) 
(a) 
Definitions

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(i) Definitions applicable to a Single Exchange Basket 
“Disrupted Day” means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
a Single Exchange Basket, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange or, if 
any, the relevant Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session 
or on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
“Early Closure” means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
a Single Exchange Basket, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange 
in respect of such Commodity or the relevant Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or, if any, such Related 
Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of: (i) the actual closing time 
for the regular trading session on such Exchange or, if any, such Related Exchange (as the case 
may be) on such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be 
entered into such Exchange or, if any, such Related Exchange system for execution at the 
relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
“Exchange Disruption” means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to be a Single Exchange Basket, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for such Commodity on the relevant Exchange; or (ii) 
futures or options contracts relating to this Commodity on the relevant Related Exchange. 
“Market Disruption Event” means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be a Single Exchange Basket and any Commodity therein, the occurrence or existence 
of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, (iii) a Price Source Disruption which 
in each case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one-hour 
period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event 
begins and/or ends at the time on which the Price of this Commodity is required to determine 
if, respectively, the Knock-in Price or the Knock-out Price has been triggered or (b) in all other 
circumstances that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iv) an Early Closure. For the 
purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists at any time, if a Market 
Disruption Event occurs in respect of a Commodity included in the Basket at any time, then the 
relevant contribution of that Commodity to the Price of the Basket shall be based on a 
comparison of (x) the portion of the Basket attributable to the contribution of that Commodity 
and (y) the overall Price of the Basket, in each case immediately before the occurrence of such 
Market Disruption Event. 
“Trading Disruption” means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to be a Single Exchange Basket Index and any Commodity therein, any suspension of or 
limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the relevant Related 
Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in Price exceeding limits 
permitted by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange or otherwise: (i) relating 
to such Commodity on the Exchange; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to this 
Commodity on the Related Exchange. 
(ii) Definitions applicable to a Multi Exchange Basket 
“Disrupted Day” means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
a Multi Exchange Basket and any Commodity therein, any Scheduled Trading Day on which: 
(i) the Commodity Reference Price Sponsor fails to publish the Price of this Commodity; (ii) 
the relevant Exchange or the relevant Related Exchange, if any, fails to open for trading during 
its regular trading session; or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
“Early Closure” means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
a Multi Exchange Basket and any Commodity therein, the closure on any Exchange Business 
Day of any relevant Exchange relating to that Commodity which contributes 20% or more to 
the Price of the Basket or, if any, the relevant Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange or, if any, such Related

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange or any such Related Exchange on such Exchange Business 
Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into such Exchange or, if any, 
such Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business 
Day. 
“Exchange Disruption” means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to be a Multi Exchange Basket and any Commodity therein, any event (other than an Early 
Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, any Commodity 
which contributes 20% or more to the Price of the Basket on any relevant Exchange or (ii) to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to such 
Commodity on the relevant Related Exchange, if any. 
“Market Disruption Event” means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be a Multi Exchange Basket and any Commodity therein, either: 
(A) 
I. 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Commodity, of: 
(a) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Commodity, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the 
one-hour period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a 
Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event begins and/or ends at the time 
on which the Price of this Commodity is required in order to determine 
if, respectively the Knock-in Price or the Knock-out Price has been 
triggered or (b) in all other circumstances that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which such Commodity 
is principally traded; AND/OR 
(b) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Commodity, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the 
one-hour period, that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-
in Event or a Knock-out Event begins and/or ends at the time on which 
the Price of this Commodity is required in order to determine if, 
respectively, the Knock-in Price or the Knock-out Price has been 
triggered or (b) in all other circumstances that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which such Commodity 
is principally traded; AND/OR 
(c) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Commodity; AND 
II. 
the aggregate of all Commodities in respect of which a Trading 
Disruption and/or, an Exchange Disruption and/or an Early Closure 
occurs or exists contributes to 20% or more of the Price of the Basket; 
OR 
(B) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating 
to any Commodity in the Basket of: (a) a Trading Disruption; (b) an Exchange 
Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, 
at any time during the one-hour period that (A) for the purposes of the 
occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event begins and/or ends at 
the time on which the Price of any Commodity is required in order to determine 
if, respectively, the Knock-in Price or the Knock-out Price has been triggered 
or (B) in all other circumstances that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in 
respect of the Related Exchange; or (C) an Early Closure, in each case in 
respect of such futures or options contracts. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a 
Commodity at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of such Commodity at

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that Commodity to the Price of the Basket 
shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the Basket attributable to the contribution 
of that Commodity to (y) the overall Price of the Basket. 
“Trading Disruption” means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to be a Multi Exchange Basket and any Commodity therein, any suspension of or limitation 
imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange or otherwise and 
whether by reason of movements in Price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange 
or, if any, the Related Exchange or otherwise (i) on any relevant Exchange relating to such 
Commodity which contributes 20% or more to the Price of the Basket, or (ii) in futures or 
options contracts relating to such Commodity on the relevant Related Exchange. 
(b) 
Provisions 
(i) Strike Date 
If, in respect of any Commodity, the Strike Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Strike Date for 
this Commodity shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted 
Day, unless each of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following 
the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the Ultimate Strike Date shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for this 
Commodity, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Relevant 
Price of such Commodity on the Strike Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as 
of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike Date in accordance with (subject to “Particular 
Provisions” set forth in Condition 19.5) the formula for and method of calculating the 
Commodity last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the relevant 
Exchange traded or quoted Price as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike Date (or, if 
an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on the 
Ultimate Strike Date, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Commodity as of the 
Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike Date). 
“Ultimate Strike Date” means, in respect of any Commodity, the Scheduled Trading Day 
which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Strike Date. 
“Specific Number” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if no 
number is specified, the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to eight. 
(ii) Valuation Date 
If, in respect of any Commodity, any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then this Valuation 
Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless 
each of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the relevant 
Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Valuation Date shall be deemed to be that Valuation Date 
for this Commodity, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Relevant Price of such Commodity on such Valuation Date shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate Valuation Date in accordance with 
(subject to “Particular Provisions” set forth in Condition 19.5) the formula for and method of 
calculating this Commodity last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using 
the Exchange traded or quoted Price as of the Valuation Time on such Ultimate Valuation Date 
(or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant Commodity 
on such Ultimate Valuation Date, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant 
Commodity as of the Valuation Time on such Ultimate Valuation Date). 
“Ultimate Valuation Date” means, in respect of any Commodity and Scheduled Valuation 
Date, the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading 
Days immediately following such Scheduled Valuation Date.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Specific Number” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
number is specified, the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to eight. 
(iii) Averaging Date 
If, in respect of any Commodity, any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then this Averaging 
Date for this Commodity shall be the first succeeding Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid 
Date has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Averaging Date, then (i) the 
Ultimate Averaging Date shall be deemed to be that Averaging Date for this Commodity 
(irrespective of whether the Ultimate Averaging Date is already an Averaging Date) and (ii) the 
Relevant Price of such Commodity on such Averaging Date shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time in accordance with (subject to “Particular 
Provisions” set forth in Condition 19.5) the formula for and method of calculating the 
Commodity last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange 
traded or quoted Price as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Averaging Date (or, if an event 
giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant Commodity on the 
Ultimate Averaging Date, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Commodity as of 
the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Averaging Date). 
“Ultimate Averaging Date” means, in respect of any Commodity, the Scheduled Trading Day 
which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would 
have been the final Averaging Date. 
“Specific Number” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
number is specified, the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to eight. 
(iv) Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day is a Disrupted Day, then such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day will be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a 
Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on the relevant 
Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at 
any time during the one-hour period that begins and/or ends at the time on which the Price of 
the Basket triggers the Knock-in Price or the Knock-out Price, a Market Disruption Event 
occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have 
occurred. 
19.4 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a) 
Knock-in Event 
“Knock-in Event” means that the amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal to 
the sum of the values of each Commodity as the product in respect of each Commodity of (i) the Price 
of such Commodity as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day and (ii) 
the relevant Weighting is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) “greater than”, (b) “greater 
than or equal to”, (c) “less than” or (d) “less than or equal to” the Knock-in Price. 
If “Knock-in Event” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then payment under the relevant 
Warrants resulting from the occurrence of such Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon such 
occurrence.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Knock-in Price” means the Price per Basket specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject 
to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 19.5 and to 
“Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 19.3. 
“Knock-in Determination Day” means, in respect of any Commodity, each Scheduled Trading Day 
during the Knock-in Determination Period subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in 
Condition 19.3. 
“Knock-in Determination Period” means, in respect of any Commodity, the period which commences 
on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period 
Ending Date. 
“Knock-in Period Beginning Date” means, in respect of any Commodity, the date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-in Period Ending Date” means, in respect of any Commodity, the date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-in Valuation Time” means, in respect of any Commodity, the time or period of time on any 
Knock-in Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the 
applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall 
be the Valuation Time. 
(b) 
Knock-out Event 
“Knock-out Event” means that the amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the sum of the values of each Commodity as the product in respect of each Commodity of (i) the 
Price of such Commodity as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day 
and (ii) the relevant Weighting is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) “greater than”, (b) 
“greater than or equal to”, (c) “less than” or (d) “less than or equal to” the Knock-out Price. 
If “Knock-out Event” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then payment under the relevant 
Warrants resulting from the absence of such Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon such absence. 
“Knock-out Price” means the Price per Basket specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject 
to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 19.5 and to 
“Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 19.3. 
“Knock-out Determination Day” means, in respect of any Commodity, each Scheduled Trading Day 
during the Knock-out Determination Period subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in 
Condition 19.3. 
“Knock-out Determination Period” means, in respect of any Commodity, the period which 
commences on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-out Period Beginning Date” means, in respect of any Commodity, the date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Period Ending Date” means, in respect of any Commodity, the date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Knock-out Valuation Time” means, in respect of any Commodity, the time or period of time on any 
Knock-out Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, in the event that the 
applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time 
shall be the Valuation Time. 
19.5 
Particular Provisions 
(a) 
If any Commodity is (a) neither determined nor calculated and announced by the relevant 
Exchange or Commodity Sponsor but is calculated and announced by a successor exchange or 
sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent (the “Successor”) or (b) replaced by a successor 
commodity using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially 
similar formula for, and method of, calculation as used in the determination or calculation of 
the Commodity Reference Price relating to such Commodity, then in each case that commodity 
(the “Successor Commodity”) will be deemed to be such Commodity and the Conditions shall 
be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
If, in respect of any Commodity, on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last 
Averaging Date, the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination 
Day, (a) the relevant Exchange or Commodity Reference Price Sponsor (x) announces that it 
will make a Material Change in Formula (other than a modification prescribed in that formula 
or method relating to the Commodity), a Material Change in Content (other than a modification 
in the event of prescribed changes in its content, composition or constitution and other routine 
events) (a “Commodity Modification”) or the Disappearance of the Commodity Reference 
Price and no Successor Commodity exists (a “Commodity Cancellation”) (or any such event 
occurs without any such announcement) or (y) fails to calculate and announce the Price of this 
Commodity (a “Commodity Disruption” (provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that a 
successor sponsor calculating and announcing this Commodity determined as unacceptable by 
the Calculation Agent shall be a Commodity Disruption)) or (b) an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event occurs (together with an Commodity Modification, a Commodity Cancellation and a 
Commodity Disruption, each a “Commodity Adjustment Event”) or (c) a Tax Disruption 
occurs, then, if Essential Trigger is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Calculation Agent will be entitled, for the purpose of performing its obligations in respect 
of the outstanding Warrants, either to: 
(i) calculate the relevant Commodity Reference Price in accordance with the formula for, and method of, 
calculating this Commodity last in effect prior to the Commodity Adjustment Event or Tax Disruption; 
or (but not and) 
(ii) replace this Commodity by this Commodity as so modified or by the new commodity or commodities 
or commodity related agreement(s) (as the case may be), provided that in such cases, (1) the Calculation 
Agent will make such adjustments to the new or modified commodity or commodities or commodity 
related agreement(s) as may be required in order to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligation 
of the Issuer to make payment of any amount due and payable under the Warrants relating to this 
Commodity as if such new or modified commodity or commodities or commodity related agreement(s) 
had not replaced this Commodity and, if need be, will multiply the new or modified commodity or 
commodities or commodity related agreement(s) by a linking coefficient to preserve such economic 
equivalent as determined by the Calculation Agent and (2) the Warrantholders will be notified of the 
modified Commodity or the new commodity or commodities or commodity related agreement(s) (as 
the case may be) and, if need be, of the linking coefficient; or (but not and) 
(iii) require the Issuer to terminate its obligations in relation to each Warrant by paying an amount per 
Warrant equal to the Early Settlement Amount. The Early Settlement Amount shall be payable by the 
Issuer on the fifth Business Day following notification by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that the event referred to in this paragraph (b) has occurred. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions of Condition 
9.5 must also be satisfied in order for Calculation Agent to be able to require the Issuer to adjust any 
provisions or terminate its obligations in relation to the Warrants pursuant to this Condition 19.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(c) 
In the event that, in respect of any Commodity, any Price announced by the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price Sponsor which is utilised by the Calculation Agent for any determination (the 
“Original Determination”) is subsequently corrected and the correction (the “Corrected 
Value”) is announced by this Commodity Reference Price Sponsor within two Scheduled 
Trading Days after the original publication and in any case not later than the second Scheduled 
Trading Day immediately preceding the payment date of the amount due and payable under the 
Warrants which is linked to that Original Determination, then the Calculation Agent will notify 
the Issuer of the Corrected Value as soon as reasonably practicable and shall determine the 
relevant value (the “Replacement Determination”) using the Corrected Value. 
If the result of the Replacement Determination is different from the result of the Original Determination, 
to the extent that it considers it to be necessary, the Calculation Agent may, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, adjust any relevant terms hereof accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Warrantholders shall not be entitled to make any claim against the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent in the case where any Original Determination is not subsequently corrected 
and/or the correction of the Original Determination is announced by this Commodity Reference Price 
Sponsor after the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the payment date of the 
amount due and payable under the Warrants which is linked to that Original Determination. 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, provide detailed notice of any determinations and/or 
adjustments, as the case may be, made and notified to the Issuer by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
paragraph (a), (b) or (c) or of this Condition 19.5, whereupon the Issuer shall promptly provide detailed 
notice to the Warrant Agent and the Warrantholders in accordance with the Conditions of such 
determinations and/or adjustments made and notified by the Calculation Agent. 
19.6 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
Definitions 
“Additional Disruption Event” means any of a Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost 
of Hedging, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Change in Law” means, if specified as applicable in the Final Terms, that on or after the Trade Date: 
(A) on account of the adoption of or any change to any Applicable Regulation, or (B) on account of the 
promulgation or change in the interpretation or application of any Applicable Regulation by any court, 
tribunal, regulatory or tax authority, exchange or governmental authority with competent jurisdiction 
of any Applicable Regulation: 
(i) 
the Issuer or Calculation Agent determines in its sole discretion that it is unable to fulfil its 
obligations under the Warrants or that it is illegal or contrary to any Applicable Regulation for 
it or any of its affiliates or other entities affected by the Hedging Agreements to hold, acquire 
or dispose of Hedging Arrangements in relation to such Warrants; or 
(ii) 
there is a significant increase in the costs to it and/or to its affiliates (including, but without 
limitation to, increases related to any taxation law or any solvency or capital requirement) of 
holding, decreases in tax benefits (or other adverse effects on its tax position), acquiring or 
disposing of Hedging Arrangements or any requirements in relation to reserves, special 
deposits, insurance assessments or other requirements in relation to such Warrants. 
“Hedging Agreements” means all hedge agreements concluded by the Issuer and/or any of its 
respective affiliates or other entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements concluded at any time in 
order to hedge the Warrants, including, but not restricted to, the purchase and/or sale of all transferable 
securities, all options or all futures contracts on these transferable securities, all certificates of deposit 
in respect of these transferable securities, and all corresponding transactions on currencies.  
“Hedging Disruption” means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that the Issuer 
and/or any one of its affiliates or all entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements, is/are unable, 
despite commercially reasonable efforts, (A) to acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, maintain,

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s), any asset(s) or any contract(s) that they may deem necessary 
in order to cover the risk arising from that entity concluding and satisfying its obligations by virtue of 
the Warrants, or (B) to realise, recover or pay the income from such transaction(s) or contract(s) relative 
to the Warrants. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that the 
Issuer and/or any one of its affiliates or other entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements, incur(s) 
an amount of duties, taxes, costs or commissions (other than brokerage commissions) which is 
substantially increased (compared to the circumstances existing on the Trade Date) in order (A) to 
acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, maintain, unwind or transfer any transaction(s) or any asset(s) 
which they may deem necessary to hedge the risk (in particular but not limited to exchange and interest 
rate risks) of the Issuer or any third party or affiliate with whom the Issuer enters into a hedging 
transaction on account of the conclusion and satisfaction of its obligations by virtue of the Warrants, or 
(B) to realise, recover or pay the income from such transaction or transactions or from such asset or 
assets, provided that any substantially increased amount incurred exclusively on account of 
deterioration of the solvency of the Issuer and/or of any of its affiliates or of other entities concerned 
by the Hedging Agreements shall not be deemed to constitute an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
(b) 
Consequences 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
settle the Warrants upon prior notification to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10. If 
the Warrants are thus settled, the Issuer shall upon such settlement pay to the Warrantholders an amount 
determined to be the fair market value of the Warrants based on the market conditions prevailing at the 
date of determination taking account of the Additional Disruption Event, minus the reasonable costs to 
the Issuer and/or its affiliates or other entities affected by the Hedging Agreements of unwinding 
underlying Hedging Arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion. 
Warrantholders shall be notified of each such payment in accordance with Condition 10. 
19.7 
Specific provisions relating to EUA linked Warrants 
Unless if specified as being Not Applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the occurrence of an 
Abandonment of Scheme will not constitute a Commodity Adjustment Event, an Additional Disruption 
Event, a Market Disruption Event or, if applicable, a failure by the Commodity Reference Price Sponsor 
to publish the Commodity Reference Price. 
Where: 
“Abandonment of Scheme” means that, as a result of official written public pronouncement by the 
European Union, the Scheme is no longer scheduled to proceed or is to be discontinued. 
“EUA” means, the greenhouse gas emission allowances trading within the European Union, the Price 
Source of which is specified in the Final Terms, and the futures contract relating to greenhouse gas 
emission allowance listed on the relevant Exchange, the experition date of which is specified in the 
Final Terms. 
“Scheme” means scheme for transferring EUA established pursuant to the Directive 2003/87/EC of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 13 October 2003 (the “Directive”) establishing a scheme 
for greenhouse gas emission allowance trading within the Union and amending Council Directive 
96/61/EC and the EU Commission Regulation establishing a Union registry, the Decision 280/2004/EC 
of the European Parliament and of the Council, each as amended from time to time, and as implemented 
by the national laws of the European Union Member States. 
20. 
Terms for Single Fund Warrants 
This Condition 20 applies to Single Fund Warrants. 
20.1 
General Definitions 
“AUM Observation Period” means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“AUM Trigger Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Barrier Price” means the NAV per Fund Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject 
to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 20.5. 
“Exchange Rate” means, in respect of any Exchange Rate Determination Date, the cross currency rate 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms which appears on the page designated in the applicable 
Final Terms on such Exchange Rate Determination Date. If such rate does not appear on the page 
designated in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the Exchange Rate (or 
a method for determining the Exchange Rate). 
“Exchange Rate Business Day” means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the financial centre(s) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Exchange Rate Determination Date” means, in respect of any amount for the purposes of which an 
Exchange Rate has to be determined, the Exchange Rate Business Day that is the number of Exchange 
Rate Business Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms preceding the date of determination 
of such amount by the Calculation Agent. 
“Extraordinary Event” means those events listed in Condition 20.5(c). 
“Final Price” means either: 
(a) 
in respect of any Valuation Date, the NAV per Fund Share as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date; OR 
(b) 
in respect of the Averaging Dates relating to an Observation Period, the arithmetic average as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the Settlement Currency in 
which the Fund Share is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of the Relevant Prices on each 
of such Averaging Dates; 
“Fluctuation Limit” means the percentage of decrease of the value of the Fund Share which allows the 
Calculation Agent to determine the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event and which will be specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no percentage is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Fluctuation Limit shall be deemed equal to 10%. 
“Fund” means the issuer of the Fund Share as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions as set out in Condition 20.5. 
“Fund Administrator” means the administrator, manager, trustee or other similar person with the 
primary administrative responsibilities for the Fund according to the Fund Documentation, as specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions as set out in Condition 20.5. 
“Fund Adviser” means any person appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or 
non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment adviser to a 
discretionary investment manager or to another non-discretionary investment adviser) for the Fund, as 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance 
with the provisions as set out in Condition 20.5. 
“Fund Business Day” means any day the Fund or the primary Fund Administrator is open for business, 
subject to adjustments and modifications in accordance with the Fund Documentation, if any. 
“Fund Documentation” means the constitutive and governing documents, subscription agreements and 
other agreements of the Fund specifying the terms and conditions relating to the Fund Share and, for 
the avoidance of doubt, any other documents or agreements in respect of the Fund, as further described 
in any Fund Documentation, in each case as amended from time to time.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Fund Minimum Tradable Quantity” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. If no number is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Fund Minimum Tradeable Quantity 
shall be deemed equal to 1. 
“Fund Share Performance” means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any Monitoring Day 
and/or any Observation Period, a rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
relevant formula specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, the name of which 
shall be stipulated in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Fund Service Provider” means any person who is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, 
to the Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documentation, including (without limitation) any 
Fund Adviser, Fund Administrator, operator, management company, depository, custodian, sub-
custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent, as 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance 
with the provisions as set out in Condition 20.5. 
“Fund Share(s)” means, in respect of a Fund incorporated as a company, an ordinary share in the 
capital of the Fund or, as the case may be, in respect of a Fund incorporated as a mutual fund, a collective 
investment securities fund, a French fonds commun de placement or a trust, a unit of account of 
ownership in the Fund, or any other legal form of security or ownership with the ISIN (International 
Securities Identification Number) code or any other identification code as of the Issue Date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment or replacement from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 20.5. 
“Fund Share Clearance System Settlement Disruption Event” means an event beyond the control 
of the Issuer as a result of which (i) the Fund Share Clearance System cannot clear the transfer of the 
Fund Shares or (ii) the Fund Share Clearance System ceases to clear all or any of such Fund Shares. 
“Fund Share Clearance System” means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for 
settling trades in the Fund Share at any relevant time, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Fund Share Clearance System Business Day” means any day on which the Fund Share Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of a Fund Share Clearance System Settlement Disruption Event, 
would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
“Initial Price” means the NAV per Fund Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
such NAV is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the NAV of such Fund Share as determined by 
the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the Strike Date, subject to adjustment from time to 
time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 20.5. 
“Lookback Observation Date” means each Scheduled Trading Day between the Strike Date and the 
number of Business Days specified as the Lookback Observation Period in the applicable Final Terms 
immediately following the Strike Date, with both dates included, subject to adjustment from time to 
time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 20.3 as if each Lookback Observation 
Date were deemed to be a Valuation Date. 
“Lookback Observation Period” means the number of Business Days specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Lookback Price” means the highest NAV per Fund Share observed from the NAV per Fund Share 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on each Lookback Observation Date, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 20.5 as 
if each Lookback Observation Date were deemed to be a Valuation Date. 
“Management Company” means any entity appointed in the Fund Documentation in the role of 
managing the assets of the Fund and, in each case, any entity to whom each such entity may delegate 
any of its duties, rights, obligations or liabilities in respect of such Fund and any successor entity thereto, 
and, in each case, such other management company as the Calculation Agent may determine is for the 
time being the manager of such Fund, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment 
from time to time in accordance with the provisions as set out in Condition 20.5.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Max” followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the greater of the numbers 
separated by a “;” inside those brackets. 
“Min” followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the lesser of the numbers 
separated by a “;” inside those brackets. 
“NAV Observation Period” means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Net Asset Value” or “NAV” or “NAV per Fund Share” means the net asset value per Fund Share, 
as calculated and published by the Management Company or the Fund Administrator or the Fund 
Service Provider or other person that generally reports such value on behalf of the Fund to its investors 
or a publishing service on such day provided that the Calculation Agent is entitled to adjust the net asset 
value per Fund Share of the Fund to reflect, without duplication, the relevant portion per Fund Share of 
any fees, commission, costs or charges and duties, taxes or levies that may be payable and/or incurred 
in connection with the redemption of such Fund Share. 
“Observation Period” means each period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Relevant Price” means, in respect of any Averaging Date, the NAV per Fund Share as determined by 
the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on such Averaging Date. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means a day on which it is scheduled that (i) the NAV of the Fund will be 
published in accordance with the Fund Documentation, and (ii) subscription or redemption orders of 
the Fund Shares can be received by such Fund. 
“Settlement Cycle” means the period of Fund Share Clearance System Business Days following a trade 
in the Fund Share on any system or platform in which settlement will customarily occur according to 
the rules of such system or platform. 
“Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such time is 
specified, the time on which the NAV of the Fund is published by the Fund (or its Fund Service Provider 
that generally determines such value). 
“Volatility Trigger Percentage” means, in respect of the Fund Share, the percentage specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Volatility Trigger Period” means, in respect of the Fund Share, the period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
> means that the item or number preceding this sign will be higher than the item or number following 
this sign. 
< means that the item or number preceding this sign will be lower than the item or number following 
this sign. 
≥ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or higher than the item or number 
following this sign. 
≤ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or lower than the item or number 
following this sign. 
|𝒏| or “ABS (n)” means the absolute value of the item or number inside the brackets. 
“%” means per cent., i.e. a fraction of 100. For avoidance of doubt, 1% or 1% is equal to 0.01. 
20.2 
Valuation 
(a) 
Strike Date 
“Strike Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a 
relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Scheduled Trading Day, subject to 
“Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 20.3.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Scheduled Strike Date” means the original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date. 
(b) 
Valuation Date 
“Valuation Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is 
not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Scheduled Trading Day, subject to 
“Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 20.3. 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means the original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing 
a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
(c) 
Averaging Date 
“Averaging Date” means, in respect of any Observation Period, each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
relevant Valid Date subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 20.3. 
“Valid Date” means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
20.3 
Consequences of Disrupted Day(s) 
(a) 
Definitions 
“Disrupted Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
“Hypothetical Investor” means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in the context of the relevant situation) in a Fund Share which is deemed to have the benefits and 
obligations, as provided in the relevant Fund Documentation, of an investor holding a Fund Share at the 
relevant time. The Hypothetical Investor may be deemed by the Calculation Agent to be resident or 
organised in any jurisdiction, and to be, without limitation, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the 
Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates (as determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of 
the relevant situation). 
“Liquidity Disruption” means any suspension, limitation or delay in the redemption of Fund Shares, 
be it either in accordance with the provisions of the Fund Documentation or for other reasons. 
“Market Disruption Event” means: 
(i) the failure by the Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) to publish 
the NAV of the Fund Share on the relevant Valuation Date or Averaging Date or Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day (save that if an event occurs that constitutes both 
a Market Disruption Event and an Extraordinary Event for this Fund Share (as defined above) such 
event shall constitute an Extraordinary Event for such Fund and not a Fund Market Disruption Event); 
or 
(ii) the occurrence or existence of (i) a Valuation Disruption or (ii) a Liquidity Disruption or (iii) a 
Settlement Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
determines is material. 
“Redemption Notice Date” means, with respect to any Valuation Date or Averaging Date, the last date 
on which a Hypothetical Investor would be permitted, pursuant to the Fund Documentation, to submit 
a redemption notice that would be timely for a redemption as of the Scheduled Redemption Valuation 
Date occurring on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, or if no Scheduled 
Redemption Valuation Date is occurring on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date or Automatic 
Redemption Averaging Date, the immediately preceding Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date. 
“Redemption Proceeds” means the proceeds, as determined by the Calculation Agent, that would be 
paid by the Fund to a Hypothetical Investor who, as of the relevant Redemption Valuation Date, 
redeems the Fund Share, provided that (1) any such proceeds that would be paid in property other than

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
cash shall be valued by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion and (2) if the Hypothetical 
Investor would be entitled to elect payment of such redemption proceeds to be made either in the form 
of cash or other property, then the Hypothetical Investor shall be deemed to have elected cash payment. 
“Redemption Valuation Date” means, with respect to any Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date, the 
date as of which the Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) would 
determine the NAV of the Fund Share for the purposes of calculating the redemption proceeds to be 
paid to a Hypothetical Investor that had submitted a valid notice for redemption on or before the related 
Redemption Notice Date. 
“Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date” means the date as of which the Fund (or any of the Fund 
Service Providers that generally determine such value) is scheduled, according to the Fund 
Documentation (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or other provisions permitting 
the Fund to delay or refuse redemption of Fund Shares), to determine the NAV of such Fund Share for 
the purposes of calculating the redemption proceeds to be paid to an investor that has submitted a valid 
and timely notice for the redemption of Fund Shares based on the value determined as of such date. The 
Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date relating to any Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, shall be the Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date occurring on such Valuation Date or 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, or, if no Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date is occurring on 
such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, the immediately preceding Scheduled Redemption Valuation 
Date. 
“Scheduled Redemption Payment Date” means, with respect to any Scheduled Redemption Valuation 
Date, the date by which the Fund is scheduled to have paid, according to its Fund Documentation, all 
or a specified portion of the redemption proceeds to an investor that has submitted a timely and valid 
notice requesting redemption of Fund Shares as of such Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date. 
“Settlement Disruption” means, in respect of a Fund Share and any day, a failure by the Fund to pay 
the full amount of the Redemption Proceeds with respect to such Fund Share scheduled to have been 
paid on or by such day according to the Fund Documentation (without giving effect to any gating, 
deferral, suspension or other provisions permitting the Fund to delay or refuse a redemption of Fund 
Shares). 
“Valuation Disruption” means that: 
(i) the NAV of the Fund is not determined by the Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally 
determines such value) as set out in the Fund Documentation; 
(ii) the determination and/or publication of the NAV of the Fund in accordance with the Fund 
Documentation is suspended; or 
(iii) the NAV of the Fund as so published by the Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally determines 
such value) is, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, incorrect. 
(b) 
Provisions 
(i) Strike Date 
If the Strike Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Strike Date shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number of 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the Ultimate Strike Date shall be deemed to be the Strike Date, notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the relevant Initial Price shall be the 
Calculation Agent’s good faith estimate of the value for the Fund Share as of the Valuation 
Time on the Ultimate Strike Date. 
“Ultimate Strike Date” means the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific 
Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Specific Number” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
number is specified, the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to eight. 
(ii) Valuation Date 
If any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then this Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number of 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Valuation Date shall be deemed to be that Valuation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the relevant Final Price shall 
be the Calculation Agent’s good faith estimate of the value for the Fund Share as of the 
Valuation Time on that Ultimate Valuation Date. 
“Ultimate Valuation Date” means, in respect of any Scheduled Valuation Date, the Scheduled 
Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following such Scheduled Valuation Date. 
“Specific Number” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
number is specified, the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to eight. 
(iii) Averaging Dates 
If any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then this Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding 
Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the 
Ultimate Averaging Date, then (1) the Ultimate Averaging Date shall be deemed to be that 
Averaging Date (irrespective of whether the Ultimate Averaging Date is already an Averaging 
Date), and (2) the Relevant Price in respect of that Averaging Date shall be the Calculation 
Agent’s good faith estimate of the value for the Fund Share as of the Valuation Time on the 
Ultimate Averaging Date. 
“Ultimate Averaging Date” means, in respect of any Observation Period, the Scheduled 
Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted 
Day, would have been the final Averaging Date relating to this Observation Period. 
“Specific Number” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
number is specified, the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to eight. 
(iv) Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day is a Disrupted Day, then such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day will be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a 
Knock-out Event. 
20.4 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a) 
Knock-in Event 
“Knock-in Event” means that the NAV determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in 
Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) 
“greater than”, (ii) “greater than or equal to”, (iii) “less than” or (iv) “less than or equal to” the Knock-in 
Price. 
If “Knock-in Event” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then payment and/or delivery under 
the relevant Warrants resulting from the occurrence of such Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon 
such occurrence.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Knock-in Price” means the NAV specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 20.5 and to 
“Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 20.3. 
“Knock-in Determination Day” means each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in 
Determination Period subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 20.3. 
“Knock-in Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-in Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-in Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
the Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
“Knock-in Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(b) 
Knock-out Event 
“Knock-out Event” means that the NAV determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out 
Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) 
“greater than”, (ii) “greater than or equal to”, (iii) “less than” or (iv) “less than or equal to” the Knock-
out Price. 
If “Knock-out Event” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then payment and/or delivery under 
the relevant Warrants resulting from the absence of such Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon 
such absence. 
“Knock-out Price” means the NAV specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 20.5 and to 
“Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 20.3. 
“Knock-out Determination Day” means each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out 
Determination Period subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 20.3. 
“Knock-out Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-out Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
20.5 
Particular Provisions 
(a) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
(i) Definitions 
“Potential Adjustment Event” means, with respect to any Fund and/or any Fund Share, any 
of the following as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(A) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the Fund Share, or a free 
distribution or dividend of any such Fund Share to existing holders by way of 
bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(B) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant Fund Shares of: 
I. 
additional Fund Shares; or 
II. 
other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of 
dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Fund equally or 
proportionately with such payments to holders of such Fund Shares, or 
III. 
share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned 
(directly or indirectly) by the Fund as a result of a spin-off or other 
similar transaction, or 
IV. 
any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any 
case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the 
prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(C) 
a dividend or other form of distribution which the Calculation Agent 
determines, in its sole discretion and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, should (in whole or part) be characterised as extraordinary; 
or 
(D) 
a repurchase by the Fund of Fund Shares whether the consideration for such 
repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise, other than in respect of a 
redemption of Fund Shares initiated by an investor in the Fund; or 
(E) 
any other similar event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the Fund Shares. 
(ii) Consequences 
If a Potential Adjustment Event occurs from, and including, the Issue Date to, and including, 
the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last Averaging Date, the last Knock-in Determination 
Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day, the Calculation Agent will promptly determine, 
in its sole and absolute discretion, whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Fund Shares and, if so, will: 
(A) 
make such adjustment(s), if any, to any one or more of the Barrier Price and/or 
the Initial Price and/or the Knock-in Price and/or the Knock-out Price and/or 
(if settlement by physical delivery) the Delivery Amount and/or any of the 
other relevant provisions of the Warrants that the Calculation Agent 
determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, to be appropriate to account for 
that diluting or concentrative effect; and 
(B) 
determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the effective date(s) of such 
adjustment(s).

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(b) 
Correction of value or prices of the Fund 
In the event that in respect of any Fund or Fund Share, any price published by or on behalf of the Fund 
which is utilised by the Calculation Agent for any determination (the “Original Determination”) is 
subsequently corrected and the correction is published within one relevant Settlement Cycle after the 
original publication or, as the case may be, the Fund with respect to any Fund Share adjusts the 
Redemption Proceeds that would have been paid to a Hypothetical Investor redeeming such Fund Share, 
and such adjustment would be reflected in either an additional payment to such Hypothetical Investor 
or a claim of excess Redemption Proceeds made against such Hypothetical Investor, in each case no 
later than the fifth Fund Business Day prior to the Settlement Date (a “Correction”), then the 
Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer of such Correction as soon as reasonably practicable and shall 
determine the relevant value (the “Replacement Determination”) with regard to such Correction. 
If the result of the Replacement Determination is different from the result of the Original Determination, 
to the extent that it determines it to be necessary, the Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms 
hereof accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Warrantholders shall not be entitled to make any claim against the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent in the case where any Original Determination is not subsequently corrected 
and/or the correction of the Original Determination is announced by the relevant Fund Service Provider 
after the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the payment date of the amount due 
and payable under the Warrants which is linked to that Original Determination. 
(c) 
Additional Disruption Events 
(i) Definitions 
“Additional Disruption Event” means any of a Change in Law, Fund Hedging Disruption or 
Increased Cost of Hedging, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Change in Law” means, if specified as applicable in the Final Terms, that on or after the 
Trade Date: 
(A) on account of the adoption of or any change to any Applicable Regulation, or (B) on account 
of the promulgation or change in the interpretation or application of any Applicable Regulation 
by any court, tribunal, regulatory or tax authority, exchange or governmental authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any Applicable Regulation: 
(i) 
the Issuer or Calculation Agent determines in its sole discretion that it is unable to fulfil its 
obligations under the Warrants or that it is illegal or contrary to any Applicable Regulation for 
it or any of its affiliates or other entities affected by the Hedging Agreements to hold, acquire 
or dispose of Hedging Arrangements in relation to such Warrants; or 
(ii) 
there is a significant increase in the costs to it and/or to its affiliates (including, but without 
limitation to, increases related to any taxation law or any solvency or capital requirement) of 
holding, decreases in tax benefits (or other adverse effects on its tax position), acquiring or 
disposing of Hedging Arrangements or any requirements in relation to reserves, special 
deposits, insurance assessments or other requirements in relation to such Warrants. 
“Fund Hedging Disruption” means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that 
the Issuer and/or any one of its affiliates or all entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements, 
is/are unable, despite commercially reasonable efforts, (A) to acquire, establish, re-establish, 
replace, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s), any asset(s) or any contract(s) that 
they may deem necessary in order to cover the risk arising from that entity concluding and 
satisfying its obligations by virtue of the Warrants, or (B) to realise, recover or pay the income 
from such transaction(s) or contract(s) relative to the Warrants, including, without limitation, 
where such inability or impracticability has arisen by reason of: (i) any restrictions or increase 
in charges or fees imposed by the Fund with regard to the redemption of interests, in whole or 
in part, or any existing or new investor’s ability to make new or additional investments in the

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Fund, or (ii) any mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of interests imposed by the Fund 
(in each case other than any restriction in existence on the Issue Date). 
“Hedging Agreements” means all hedge agreements concluded by the Issuer and/or any of its 
respective affiliates or other entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements concluded at any 
time in order to hedge the Warrants, including, but not restricted to, the purchase and/or sale of 
all transferable securities, all options or all futures contracts on these transferable securities, all 
certificates of deposit in respect of these transferable securities, and all corresponding 
transactions on currencies.  
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, (i) 
that the Issuer and/or any one of its affiliates or other entities concerned by the Hedging 
Agreements, incur(s) an amount of duties, taxes, costs or commissions (other than brokerage 
commissions) which is substantially increased (compared to the circumstances existing on the 
Trade Date) in order (A) to acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, maintain, unwind or transfer 
any transaction(s) or any asset(s) which they may deem necessary to hedge the risk (in particular 
but not limited to exchange and interest rate risks) of the Issuer or any third party or affiliate 
with whom the Issuer enters into a hedging transaction on account of the conclusion and 
satisfaction of its obligations by virtue of the Warrants, or (B) to realise, recover or pay the 
income from such transaction or transactions or from such asset or assets, provided that any 
substantially increased amount incurred exclusively on account of deterioration of the solvency 
of the Issuer and/or of any of its affiliates or of other entities concerned by the Hedging 
Agreements shall not be deemed to constitute an Increased Cost of Hedging, or (ii) the 
termination of any rebate agreement that may be entered into between the Issuer or any third 
party with whom the Issuer enters into a hedging transaction with regard to its obligation 
incurred under the Warrants and the Fund or any Fund Service Provider in relation to the 
subscription of Fund Shares. 
(ii) Consequences 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the 
Issuer may settle the Warrants upon prior notification to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 10. If the Warrants are thus settled, the Issuer shall upon such settlement pay to the 
Warrantholders an amount determined to be the fair market value of the Warrants based on the 
market conditions prevailing at the date of determination taking account of the Additional 
Disruption Event, minus the reasonable costs to the Issuer and/or its affiliates or other entities 
affected by the Hedging Agreements of unwinding underlying Hedging Arrangements, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion. Warrantholders shall be notified of each 
such payment in accordance with Condition 10. 
(d) 
Extraordinary Events: 
(i) Definitions 
“Adviser Resignation” means, in respect of the Fund: 
(A) 
the resignation, termination, or replacement of its Fund Adviser; or 
(B) 
the resignation, termination, death or replacement of any key person of such 
Fund Adviser. 
“AUM Trigger Event” means, where specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that the asset of the Fund has decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than the AUM Trigger 
Percentage during the AUM Observation Period as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Change of Investment Policy” means that the Fund Adviser of the Fund effects or announces 
an intention to effect a change in the investment objectives, risk profile or investment guidelines 
of the Fund in any material respect or makes any other material change to the terms and 
conditions of the Fund that is, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, suitable to affect the value 
of interests in the Fund or the rights of any holders thereof.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Extraordinary Event” means those events listed in Condition 20.5(d)(i). 
“FRTB Event” means in respect of any Fund that the Fund Adviser or the relevant Fund 
Service Provider (a) does not make publicly available on a voluntary basis or as the case may 
be, as required by applicable laws and regulations, the FRTB Information and (b) in breach of 
an agreement with NATIXIS or any of its affiliates, if any, does not provide NATIXIS or any 
of its affiliates with the FRTB Information and as a consequence, NATIXIS or any of its 
affiliates would incur materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the 
Trade Date) capital requirements pursuant to the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book as 
implemented into French law, in holding the Fund Shares. 
“FRTB Information” means sufficient information, including relevant risk sensitivities data, 
in a processable format to enable NATIXIS or any of its affiliates, as a holder of the Fund 
Shares for its hedging constraints, to calculate its market risk in relation thereto as if it were 
holding the Fund Shares directly; “processable format” means that the format of such 
information can be readily used by NATIXIS or any of its affiliates by using the existing 
functionality of a software or application commonly used by financial institutions to compute 
its market risk as described above. 
“Fundamental Review of the Trading Book” means the comprehensive suite of capital rules 
developed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS), which is being 
implemented in the EU, as part of CRR, as amended from time to time. 
“Fund Insolvency Filing” means that the Fund: 
(A) 
is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up or official 
liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(B) 
makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its 
creditors; 
(C) 
(1) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any 
similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the 
jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor 
or similar official, or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy 
or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition 
is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition 
is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in (1) above and 
either (A) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an 
order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or 
(B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 
calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(D) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for 
it or for all or substantially all its assets; or 
(E) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a 
distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, 
enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured 
party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, 
stayed or restrained, in each case within 15 days thereafter. 
“Fund Merger Event” means either (ii) a conversion of the units or shares of the Fund 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its unfettered discretion to have a negative impact on

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
the theoretical value of such units or shares (particularly, but without limitation, in case of 
conversion of such units or shares into other securities or financial instruments that do not have 
the same legal, financial or liquidity features as the replaced units or shares, or where such 
conversion results in a negative reputational impact on the Issuer or the Guarantor), or (ii) a 
merger, demerger or split of the units or shares of the Fund or a transfer of all or a substantial 
part of the assets of the Fund under management. 
“Fund Modification” means (i) any failure by the Fund Adviser to act in accordance with the 
investment objectives, risk profile or investment guidelines of the Fund, (ii) any restriction 
placed on the ability of the Fund Adviser to buy or sell shares or other property by any 
regulatory body, (iii) any limitation on the ability of the Fund Adviser to buy or sell shares or 
other property by reason of liquidity, adverse market conditions or decrease in the assets of the 
Fund, and, in any such case, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such situation is unlikely 
to be corrected within a reasonable period of time or (iv) any change or modification of the 
Fund Documentation of the Fund that could, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
be expected to affect the value of the interest in the Fund or the rights of any holders thereof 
from those prevailing on the Issue Date. 
“Holding Event” means, where specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
capitalisation of the Fund falls so that the Issuer or any third party with whom the Issuer enters 
into a hedging transaction with regard to its obligations under the Warrants holds on any Fund 
Business Day Fund Shares for an amount or a percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no amount is specified, the Holding Event shall be deemed greater than 10% 
of the capitalisation of the Fund on such Fund Business Day. 
“Liquidation” means, in respect of the Fund Share, that by reason of voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation or winding up of the relevant Fund Administrator, such Fund Shares are required to 
be transferred to a manager, trustee, liquidator or other similar official or holders of such Fund 
Shares become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
“Nationalisation” means that all the interests in the Fund or all or substantially all the assets 
of the Fund are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any 
governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
“NAV Trigger Event” means that: 
(A) 
the reported value of the Fund Share has decreased by an amount equal to, or 
greater than, the Fluctuation Limit during the related NAV Observation Period; 
or 
(B) 
the Fund Administrator or, as the case may be, Fund Adviser has violated any 
leverage restriction that is applicable to, or affecting, the Fund or its assets by 
operation of any law, any order or judgment of any court or other agency of 
government applicable to it or any of its assets, its Fund Documentation or any 
contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Fund or any of its assets. 
“Other Extraordinary Event(s)” means any event(s) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Redemption of Fund Shares” means that the Fund Shares are redeemed in accordance with 
their terms or notice of such redemption is given to the holders of the Fund Shares. 
“Regulatory Action” means, with respect to the Fund: 
(A) 
a cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the 
Fund or its interests by any governmental or regulatory entity with authority 
over the Fund or its interests; 
(B) 
any change in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the Fund 
or of its adviser or manager that in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer is likely

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
to have an adverse impact on the value of the interests in the Fund or on any 
investor therein; or 
(C) 
the Fund or its administrator, adviser or manager becomes subject to any 
investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental or 
regulatory authority involving the potential violation of applicable law for any 
activities relating to or resulting from the operation of the Fund. 
“Reporting Disruption” means, in respect of the Fund: 
(A) 
the occurrence of any event that, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, would 
make it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the 
value of the interests in the Fund, and such event continues for at least Five 
Fund Business Days; 
(B) 
any failure of the Fund to deliver, or cause to be delivered, (1) information that 
the Fund has undertaken to deliver to the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent, 
or (2) information that has been previously delivered to the Issuer and/or the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the Fund’s, or its authorised 
representative’s, normal practice and that the Issuer deems necessary for it or 
the Calculation Agent to monitor the Fund’s compliance with any investment 
guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating 
to the Fund. 
“Strategy Breach” means any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines 
stated in the Fund Documentation that is in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer is likely to 
affect the value of interests in the Fund or the rights of any holders thereof. 
“Termination of Fund Adviser and/or Fund Administrator” means that (i) voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy or any analogous insolvency proceedings, including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, bankruptcy, civil rehabilitation proceedings, corporate reorganisation 
proceedings, company arrangement or special liquidation are commenced with respect to the 
Fund Adviser or the Fund Administrator or (ii) the appointment of the Fund Adviser or Fund 
Administrator of the Fund is terminated in accordance with its terms or notice of such 
termination is given to the holders of the Fund Shares or (iii) the Fund Adviser or Fund 
Administrator of the Fund fails to maintain or obtain, as the case may be, all required approvals 
and authorisations by the relevant financial and administrative authorities necessary to perform 
its obligations in respect of the Fund and the Fund Shares or (iv) it becomes illegal or impossible 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent for the Fund Adviser or Fund Administrator of the Fund 
to continue to act as Fund Adviser or Fund Administrator of the Fund, and in any such case, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, no appropriate successor is appointed to act as 
adviser or administrator, as the case may be, of the Fund. 
“Volatility Trigger Event” means, where specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that the annualized realized volatility of the Fund calculated over immediately preceding 
Volatility Trigger Period is greater than a Volatility Trigger Percentage, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(ii) Consequences 
(A) 
If on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last Averaging Date, 
the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day, 
as the case may be, the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, that an Extraordinary Event occurs with regard to the Fund or the 
Fund Shares, then, if Essential Trigger is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will be entitled, for the purpose 
of performing its obligations in respect of the outstanding Warrants, either to: 
I. 
substitute the Fund Share with such interest in any other investment 
fund or other collective investment vehicle (the “Successor Fund

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Share”) which the Calculation Agent, using commercially reasonable 
efforts, has identified as being, with regard to its characteristics, 
investment objectives and policies, similar to those in effect for the 
Fund immediately prior to the occurrence of such Extraordinary Event, 
provided that the Calculation Agent shall: 
(a) 
replace the Fund Share by a number of shares or units in the 
Successor Fund Share as represents the amount (the 
“Removal Value”) which would be derived from an order to 
redeem the Fund Share which has been submitted to the Fund 
on the Fund Business Day immediately following the 
occurrence of such Extraordinary Event (the “Replacement 
Date”); 
(b) 
determine the effective date of such substitution with regard 
to dates which would be applicable to orders to redeem the 
Fund Share and to subscribe for Successor Fund Shares which 
would be given on or about the Replacement Date; and 
(c) 
make such other modifications and adjustments to any terms 
of the Warrants (including, but not limited to adjustments to 
account for any changes in volatility, investment strategy or 
liquidity relevant to the Fund Shares) as may be required in 
order to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligation of 
the 
Issuer 
under the 
Warrants, 
provided that the 
Warrantholders shall be informed without undue delay of the 
relevant modifications and/or adjustments; or (but not and) 
II. 
make such modifications and adjustments to any terms of the Warrants 
(including, but not limited to adjustments to account for any changes 
in volatility, investment strategy or liquidity relevant to the Fund 
Shares) as may be required in order to preserve the economic 
equivalent of the obligation of the Issuer under the Warrants, provided 
that the Warrantholders shall be informed without undue delay of the 
relevant modifications and/or adjustments; or (but not and) 
III. 
require the Issuer to settle each Warrant at an amount per Warrant 
equal to the Early Settlement Amount, provided that the Early 
Settlement Amount shall be payable by the Issuer on the tenth Business 
Day following notification by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
requiring the Issuer to settle each Warrant at an amount per Warrant 
equal to the Early Settlement Amount. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
provisions of Condition 9.5 must also be satisfied in order for Calculation Agent to be 
able to require the Issuer to adjust any provisions or terminate its obligations in relation 
to the Warrants pursuant to this Condition 20. 
(B) 
The Calculation Agent shall not be required to make an adjustment to the terms 
of the Warrants if it determines that the theoretical change in value of the Fund 
Share resulting from the occurrence of one or more events listed in the 
provisions hereof above is less than or equal to 3% of the value of that Fund 
Share immediately before the occurrence of that event or those events. 
(iii) Miscellaneous 
If more than one of the events set out above occurs, the adjustments (if any) to the terms of the 
Warrants for the second and subsequent events shall be to the terms of the Warrants as adjusted 
for preceding events.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
In the event that a determination is made that the Warrants will be settled by Physical Delivery 
and on or after the last Valuation Date or the last Averaging Date or the last Knock-in 
Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day (but before the Settlement Date) 
a Potential Adjustment Event or an Extraordinary Event occurs, then the Issuer shall be entitled 
(but not obliged) upon immediate notice to the Warrantholders to (i) delay the Settlement Date 
to such date that falls five Business Days following such event and (ii) cause the property 
comprising the Relevant Number of Fund Shares to be thereupon adjusted in accordance with 
the provisions hereof. 
As soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances after making any adjustment or 
modification to the terms of the Warrants in accordance with these Conditions, whether in the 
exercise of its own discretion or at the request of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent will give 
notice thereof to the Issuer and to the Issuing and Paying Agent whereupon the Issuer or the 
Issuing and Paying Agent shall notify the Warrantholders of such adjustment or modification 
in accordance with Condition 10. 
(e) 
Settlement by Physical Delivery 
(i) Definitions 
“Clearance System” means, indiscriminately, the Fund Share Clearance System, Clearstream 
Luxembourg or Euroclear. 
“Clearance System Business Day” means any day on which each of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
as the case may be, and the Fund Share Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of a 
Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of 
settlement instructions. 
“Clearstream Luxembourg” means, Clearstream Banking S.A. (or any successor thereof). 
“Delivery Agent” means NATIXIS or any other delivery agent appointed by the Issuer, which 
term shall include any successor or any agent acting on behalf thereof, as the case may be. The 
Delivery Agent will act solely as agent of the Issuer and will not assume any obligations to, or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Warrantholders. The Issuer reserves the right at 
any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Delivery Agent and to appoint or not 
another Delivery Agent. 
“Disruption Cash Settlement Price” means, in respect of any Warrant or, if Units are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms equal to the fair market value of a 
Warrant or Unit less (i) the Residual Cash Amount and (ii) if Unwind Costs are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer of unwinding any underlying 
related Hedging Arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear SA/NV (or any successor thereof). 
“Fund Settlement Disruption Event” means an event beyond the control of the Issuer or the 
Delivery Agent as a result of which (i) Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, or the 
Fund Share Clearance System cannot clear the transfer of the Fund Shares or (ii) Euroclear or 
Clearstream, as the case may be, or the Fund Share Clearance System ceases to clear all or any 
of such Fund Shares. 
“Fund Share Reference Price” means, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (i) the 
amount per Fund Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) the Initial Price or 
(iii) the Ultimate Final Price. 
“Integral Number of Fund Shares” means, in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, and any Fund Share, an integral 
number of such Fund Shares equal to the Relevant Number of Fund Shares rounded downwards 
to the Fund Minimum Tradable Quantity, except if “Warrants to be aggregated for the purposes

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
of determining the number of Deliverable Shares to be delivered” is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, in which case “Integral Number of Deliverable Shares” shall be 
deemed not applicable. 
“Physical Delivery Reference Amount” means an amount for each Warrant or Unit, specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; or if such Physical Delivery Reference Amount is not specified, 
the Notional Amount. 
“Physical Delivery Rounding Convention” means the method specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such Physical Delivery Rounding Convention is not specified, the figure to 
be rounded shall be rounded upwards to the nearest third decimal. 
“Prevailing Exchange Rate” means, in respect of any date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the cross-currency rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms which appears 
on the page designated in the applicable Final Terms. If such rate does not appear on the page 
designated in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the Prevailing 
Exchange Rate (or a method for determining the Prevailing Exchange Rate). 
“Relevant Number of Fund Shares” means, in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be and any Fund Share, a 
number of such Fund Shares equal to (i) the Physical Delivery Reference Amount multiplied 
by the Prevailing Exchange Rate (if any) divided by (ii) the Fund Share Reference Price, subject 
to the Physical Delivery Rounding Convention and to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions as set out in this Condition 20.5. 
“Residual Cash Amount” means, in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, an amount in the Settlement Currency 
specified in the applicable Final Terms equal to the product of (i) the Residual Number of Fund 
Shares and (ii) the Ultimate Final Price divided by the Prevailing Exchange Rate (if any). 
“Residual Number of Fund Shares” means, in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, a number of Fund Shares 
equal to (i) the Relevant Number of Fund Shares minus (ii) the Integral Number of Fund Shares; 
except if “Warrants to be aggregated for the purposes of determining the number of Fund Shares 
to be delivered” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in which case 
“Residual Number of Fund Shares” shall be deemed not applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Residual Number of Fund Shares as of the Issue Date may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Settlement Date” means the Settlement Date as defined in Condition 3; provided that if a 
Settlement Disruption Event does prevent delivery on that day, then the Settlement Date will 
be the first succeeding day on which delivery of the Integral Number of Fund Shares can take 
place through the relevant Clearance System unless a Settlement Disruption Event prevents 
settlement on each of the five Clearance System Business Days immediately following the 
original date that, but for the Settlement Disruption Event, would have been the Settlement 
Date. In that case, (a) if the Integral Number of Fund Shares can be delivered in any other 
commercially reasonable manner, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, 
then the Settlement Date will be the first day on which settlement of a sale of the Integral 
Number of Fund Shares executed on that fifth Clearance System Business Day customarily 
would take place using such other commercially reasonable manner of delivery (which other 
manner of delivery will be deemed to be the relevant Clearance System for the purposes of 
delivery of the relevant Integral Number of Fund Shares), and (b) if the Integral Number of 
Fund Shares cannot be delivered in any other commercially reasonable manner, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, then in lieu of physical settlement the Issuer may 
satisfy its obligations in respect of each of the relevant Warrants or Units by payment to the 
Warrantholders of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price on the third Business Day following 
such fifth Clearance System Business Day. For the avoidance of doubt, where a Settlement 
Disruption Event affects some but not all of the shares or securities comprised in the Relevant 
Number of Fund Shares, the Settlement Date for shares or securities not affected by the

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Settlement Disruption Event will be the Settlement Date. In the event that a Settlement 
Disruption Event will result in the delivery on the Settlement Date of some but not all of the 
shares or securities comprised in the Relevant Number of Fund Shares, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its sole discretion the appropriate pro rata portion of the Disruption Cash 
Settlement Price which the Issuer, to satisfy its obligations in respect of each of the relevant 
Warrants or Units to the extent the Issuer has not already done so by delivery of shares or 
securities comprised in the Relevant Number of Fund Shares, will pay to the Warrantholders 
on the third Business Day following the fifth Clearance System Business Day. 
“Ultimate Final Price” means the Final Price or, if there are several Valuation Dates, the Final 
Price in respect of the last Valuation Date, or otherwise as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(ii) Provisions 
In the case of Physical Settlement, provided that notice of Settlement by Physical Delivery shall 
be made by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to the Issuing and Paying Agent and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream or other relevant clearing system(s), as the case may be, on or immediately 
after the last Valuation Date or the last Averaging Date or the last Knock-in Determination Day 
or the last Knock-out Determination Day, each Warrantholder shall not later than two Business 
Days before the Settlement Date (the “Delivery Notice Date”) (or on such earlier date as the 
Calculation Agent, acting in its sole discretion, shall determine is necessary for the Issuer and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream or other relevant clearing system(s), as the case may be, to 
perform their respective obligations under the Warrants and which earlier date has been notified 
to the Issuer, and of which the Issuer shall then promptly inform Warrantholders) send to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream or other relevant clearing system(s), as the case may be (in 
accordance with its then applicable operating procedures and accepted methods of 
communication), an irrevocable notice designating its security and cash accounts for the 
purposes of Physical Settlement and details of such accounts at Euroclear or Clearstream or the 
Fund Share Clearance System (the “Delivery Notice”). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall be under no obligation to compensate or indemnify 
the Warrantholder(s) for any delay or failure on the part of the Issuer or the Delivery Agent to 
deliver or procure the delivery of the Integral Number of Fund Shares on the Settlement Date 
and/or to pay or procure the payment of the Residual Cash Amount on the Settlement Date to 
the Warrantholder(s) to the extent Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, does not 
receive the Delivery Notice from the Warrantholder(s) on (or before, as may be applicable) the 
Delivery Notice Date or, to the extent that for any reason Euroclear and/or Clearstream fail, or 
fail within any relevant period, to transmit (whether or not in accordance with its then applicable 
operating procedures and accepted methods of communication) any notice by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or the Delivery Agent to its participants. Without prejudice to the preceding sentence 
and the other provisions relating to the validity of Delivery Notice(s) set out below, in the event 
that Euroclear and/or Clearstream do not receive a Delivery Notice from a Warrantholder on or 
before the tenth Business Day following the Settlement Date, the Issuer shall be entitled (but 
not obliged) to pay to such Warrantholder, as soon as reasonably practicable on or following 
such date an amount, determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion 
and notified to the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the 
case may be (to be communicated by them to the relevant Warrantholders), in writing promptly 
following such determination, equal to the fair market value of such Integral Number of Fund 
Shares and/or the Residual Cash Amount at the date determined in good faith by the Issuer, in 
full satisfaction of its obligations under such Warrants. 
A Delivery Notice once delivered to Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, shall be 
irrevocable and may not be withdrawn without the consent in writing of the Issuer. A 
Warrantholder may not transfer any Warrant that is the subject of a Delivery Notice following 
delivery of such Delivery Notice to Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
A Delivery Notice shall only be valid to the extent that Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the 
case may be, have not received conflicting prior instructions in respect of the Warrants that are 
the subject of the Delivery Notice. Failure properly and timely to provide a Delivery Notice 
may result in such notice being treated as null and void. Any determination as to whether such 
notice has been properly provided shall be made by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case 
may be, after consultation with the Issuer and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and 
the relevant Warrantholder. If a Delivery Notice has not been provided properly and timely, the 
Issuer or the Delivery Agent shall not be obliged to make any payment or delivery in respect of 
the Warrants which are the subject of the Delivery Notice. 
Receipt by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, of a valid Delivery 
Notice shall be deemed to constitute (i) written confirmation of an irrevocable election and 
undertaking by the relevant Warrantholder to select the account at Euroclear or Clearstream or 
the Fund Share Clearance System specified therein and (ii) an undertaking by the relevant 
Warrantholder to pay any costs, applicable value added or sales taxes, transfer taxes, stamp 
duties and other taxes and duties due by reason of delivery of the Integral Number of Fund 
Shares to the account at Euroclear or Clearstream or the Fund Share Clearance System or to 
reimburse Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, or the Fund Share Clearance System 
in respect of any such costs, taxes or duties. 
In the event that any Warrant is not represented by a Global Warrant held on behalf of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, as the case may be, the Issuer or the Delivery Agent shall procure that notice 
shall be provided to the relevant Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10, describing 
the method by which an account at the Fund Share Clearance System shall be irrevocably 
designated for such Warrantholders and such designation shall be binding on the Issuer and 
such Warrantholders. 
Upon receipt of such Delivery Notice, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, shall 
(a) verify that the person specified therein as the Warrantholder is the holder of the specified 
number of Warrants according to its books (provided that if such verification shows that such 
person is not the Warrantholder according to its books, the Delivery Notice shall not be valid) 
and (b) shall, in accordance with its then applicable operating procedures, send a copy of the 
Delivery Notice to the Issuer, the Delivery Agent and such other persons as the Issuer or the 
Delivery Agent may previously have specified. 
The number of Warrants delivered by the same Warrantholder for settlement shall not be 
aggregated for the purpose of determining the number of Fund Shares to be delivered in respect 
of such Warrants. However, if the paragraph “Warrants to be aggregated for the purposes of 
determining the number of Fund Shares to be delivered” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, then the Warrants delivered by the same Warrantholder for exchange 
shall be aggregated for the purpose of determining the number of Fund Shares to be delivered 
in respect of such Warrants. In such case, the Fund Shares deliverable to a Warrantholder in 
respect of the Warrants held by it will be a whole number of Fund Shares provided that where 
the number of Fund Shares which would otherwise be deliverable hereunder includes a fraction 
of such Fund Minimum Tradeable Quantity, the number of such Fund Shares shall be rounded 
downwards to the nearest Fund Minimum Tradeable Quantity and the cash equivalent of such 
fraction (the “Additional Cash Amount”) will be paid to this Warrantholder. The Additional 
Cash Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency specified in the applicable Final 
Terms equal to the product of (i) the above mentioned fraction and (ii) the traded NAV, as 
published by the Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) on 
the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such NAV is not available in the sole 
opinion of the Calculation Agent on such date, the NAV determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Delivery of any Fund Shares is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices and 
neither the Issuer nor the Delivery Agent shall incur liability whatsoever if it is unable to deliver 
or procure the delivery of the Fund Shares to the Warrantholder because of any such laws, 
regulations or practices. Neither the Issuer nor the Delivery Agent shall under any

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as may be 
applicable, and/or the Fund Share Clearance System in relation to the performance of the duties 
in relation to the Warrants, including but not limited to the delivery of the Fund Shares to the 
Warrantholder. 
After delivery by the Issuer or the Delivery Agent to the relevant Warrantholder(s) through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as may be applicable, and/or the Fund Share Clearance System 
of the Fund Shares (if applicable) and for such period of time as the Issuer or its agent or 
nominee shall continue to be registered in any clearance system or otherwise as the owner of 
the Fund Shares (the “Intervening Period”), neither the Issuer nor its agent or nominee shall: 
(a) 
be under any obligation to deliver to such Warrantholder(s) or any subsequent 
beneficial owner of the Fund Shares any letter, certificate, notice, circular, dividend or 
any other document or payment whatsoever received by the Issuer or its agent or 
nominee in its capacity as the holder thereof; 
(b) 
exercise any or all rights (including voting rights) attaching to such Fund Shares or part 
thereof during the Intervening Period without the prior written consent of the relevant 
Warrantholder(s), provided that neither the Issuer nor its agent or nominee shall be 
under any obligation to exercise any such rights during the Intervening Period; or 
(c) 
be under any liability to such Warrantholder(s) or any subsequent beneficial owner of 
the Fund Shares in respect of any loss or damage which such Warrantholder(s) or 
subsequent beneficial owner may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly or 
indirectly, of the Issuer or its agent or nominee being registered in such clearance 
system or otherwise during such Intervening Period as legal owner of the Fund Shares. 
The Issuer or the Delivery Agent shall not be under any obligation to register or procure the 
registration of any holder of any Warrant, or any other person acting on behalf of such holder, 
or any other person, as the registered holder of any Fund Shares in respect of such Warrant. 
No right to dividends on the Fund Shares will accrue to Warrantholders prior to the Settlement 
Date. 
21. 
Terms for Basket Fund Warrants 
This Condition 21 applies to Basket Fund Warrants. 
21.1 
General Definitions 
“Affected Fund Share” means any Fund Share affected by a Fund Share Event. 
“AUM Observation Period” means, in respect of any Fund, the period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“AUM Trigger Percentage” means, in respect of any Fund, the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Barrier Price” means either: 
(a) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, in respect of 
any Fund Share comprising the Basket, the NAV specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(b) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the price per 
Basket specified as such, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 21.5.

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Basket” means either: 
(a) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a set comprising 
at any time a number of different Funds equal to the Specified Number of Funds specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a basket 
composed of Fund Shares of each Fund specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relative 
proportions or number of Fund Shares of each Fund specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 21.5 
and to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 21.3. The Basket shall be specified 
on the Issue Date in a table set forth in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Basket Performance” means, in respect of any Fund Share and any Valuation Date and/or any 
Monitoring Day and/or any Observation Period, a rate determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the Relevant Formula. 
“Exchange Rate” means, in respect of any Exchange Rate Determination Date, the cross-currency rate 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms which appears on the page designated in the applicable 
Final Terms on such Exchange Rate Determination Date. If such rate does not appear on the page 
designated in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the Exchange Rate (or 
a method for determining the Exchange Rate). 
“Exchange Rate Business Day” means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the financial centre(s) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Exchange Rate Determination Date” means, in respect of any amount for the purposes of which an 
Exchange Rate has to be determined, the Exchange Rate Business Day that is the number of Exchange 
Rate Business Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms preceding the date of determination 
of such amount by the Calculation Agent. 
“Extraordinary Event” means those listed in Condition 21.7(a). 
“Final Price” means, in respect of any Fund Share, either: 
(a) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of any Valuation Date, the NAV as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
relevant Valuation Time on such Valuation Date; 
(ii) 
in respect of any Monitoring Day, the NAV as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
relevant Trigger Valuation Time on such Monitoring Day; or 
(iii) 
in respect of the Averaging Dates relating to an Observation Period, the arithmetic average as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the Settlement Currency in 
which this Fund Share is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of the Relevant Prices on each 
of such Averaging Dates; or 
(b) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of any Valuation Date, an amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the sum of the values for the Fund Shares of each Fund as the product of (i) the Relevant 
Price of such Fund Share on such Valuation Date and (ii) the relevant Number of Fund Shares 
comprised in the Basket; or 
(ii) 
in respect of the Averaging Dates relating to an Observation Period, the arithmetic average as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the amounts for the Basket calculated on each of such 
Averaging Dates as the sum of the values for the Fund Shares of each Fund as the product of

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(i) the Relevant Price of such Fund Share on each of such Averaging Dates and (ii) the relevant 
Number of Fund Shares comprised in the Basket. 
“Fluctuation Limit” means, in respect of any Fund Share specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
percentage of decrease of the value of this Fund Share which allow the Calculation Agent to determine 
the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event and which will be specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or if no percentage is specified the Fluctuation Limit shall be deemed equal to 10%. 
“Fund” means, in respect of any Fund Share specified in the applicable Final Terms, the issuer of such 
Fund Share as specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect with the definition of Basket 
(collectively the “Companies”), subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions as set out in Condition 21.5. 
“Fund Administrator” means, in respect of any Fund, the administrator, manager, trustee or other 
similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such Fund specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions as 
set out in Condition 21.5. 
“Fund Adviser” means, in respect of any Fund, any person appointed in the role of discretionary 
investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment 
adviser to a discretionary investment manager or to another non-discretionary investment adviser) for 
such Fund, as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time 
in accordance with the provisions as set out in Condition 21.5. 
“Fund Business Day” means, in respect of any Fund, any day such Fund or the relevant primary Fund 
Administrator is open for business, subject to adjustments and modifications in accordance with the 
Fund Documentation of such Fund, if any. 
“Fund Documentation” means, in respect of any Fund, the constitutive and governing documents, 
subscription agreements and other agreements of such Fund specifying the terms and conditions relating 
to the relevant Fund Share and, for the avoidance of doubt, any other documents or agreements in 
respect of that Fund, as further described in any relevant Fund Documentation, in each case as amended 
from time to time. 
“Fund Minimum Tradable Quantity” means, in respect of any Fund, the number specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms for such Fund. If no number is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Fund Minimum Tradeable Quantity in respect of any Fund shall be deemed equal to 1. 
“Fund Service Provider” means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, to such Fund, whether or not specified in the relevant Fund 
Documentation, including (without limitation) any Fund Adviser, Fund Administrator, operator, 
management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, 
registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent, as specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions as set out in Condition 
21.5. 
“Fund Share” means, in respect of any Fund incorporated as a company, an ordinary share in the capital 
of such Fund or, as the case may be, in respect of any Fund incorporated as a mutual fund, a collective 
investment securities, a French fonds commun de placement or a trust, a unit of account of ownership 
in such Fund, as specified in the applicable Final Terms with the ISIN (International Securities 
Identification Number) code or any other identification code as of the Issue Date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment or replacement from time to time in accordance with 
the provisions set forth in Condition 21.5. 
“Fund Share Clearance System Settlement Disruption Event” means, in respect of any Fund Share, 
an event beyond the control of the Issuer as a result of which (i) the relevant Fund Share Clearance 
System cannot clear the transfer of these Fund Share or (ii) the relevant Fund Share Clearance System 
ceases to clear all or any of such Fund Shares.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Fund Share Clearance System” means, in respect of any Fund Share, the principal domestic 
clearance system customarily used for settling trades in this Fund Share at any relevant time, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Fund Share Clearance System Business Day” means, in respect of any Fund Share, any day on 
which this Fund Share Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of a Fund Share Clearance System 
Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement 
instructions. 
“Fund Share Event” means, in respect of any Fund Share, that a Potential Adjustment Event or any 
other Extraordinary Event occurs. 
“Fund Share Performance” means, in respect of any Fund Share and any Valuation Date and/or any 
Monitoring Day and/or any Observation Period, a rate determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the relevant formula specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, 
the name of which shall be stipulated in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Highest Fund Share Performance” means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any Monitoring 
Day and/or any Observation Period, the numerically highest Fund Share Performance as determined by 
the Calculation Agent among the Fund Share Performances determined on such Valuation and/or such 
Monitoring Day and/or such Observation Period. 
“Highest Performing Fund Share” means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any Monitoring 
Day and/or any Observation Period, the Fund Share with the Highest Fund Share Performance on such 
Valuation Date and/or such Monitoring Day and/or such Observation Period. 
“Initial Price” means, in respect of any Fund Share, 
(a) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the NAV per such 
Fund Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such NAV is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the NAV of such Fund Share as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the relevant Valuation Time on the Strike Date; or 
(b) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the price per 
Basket specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such price is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, an amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the sum of the values for the Fund Shares of each Fund as the product of (i) the Relevant 
Price on the Strike Date of such Fund Share and (ii) the relevant Number of Fund Shares 
comprised in the Basket, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 21.5. 
“Lookback Observation Date” means each Scheduled Trading Day between the Strike Date and the 
number of Business Days specified as the Lookback Observation Period in the applicable Final Terms 
immediately following the Strike Date, with both dates included, subject to adjustment from time to 
time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 21.3 as if each Lookback Observation 
Date were deemed to be a Valuation Date. 
“Lookback Observation Period” means the number of Business Days specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Lookback Price” means either: 
(a) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of any 
Fund Share comprising the Basket, the highest NAV per Fund Share observed from the NAV 
per Fund Share determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on each 
Lookback Observation Date; or 
(b) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the highest 
price per Basket observed from the prices per Basket determined by the Calculation Agent on 
each Lookback Observation Date determined by reference to the sum of the values for the Fund

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Shares of each Fund comprising the Basket being the product of (i) the Relevant Price on each 
Lookback Observation Date of such Fund Share and (ii) the relevant Number of Fund Shares 
comprised in the Basket, 
subject (in the case of (a) or (b) above) to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in Condition 21.5 as if each Lookback Observation Date were deemed to be a Valuation Date. 
“Lowest Fund Share Performance” means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any Monitoring 
Day and/or any Observation Period, the numerically lowest Fund Share Performance as determined by 
the Calculation Agent among the Fund Share Performances determined on such Valuation Date and/or 
such Monitoring Day and/or such Observation Period. 
“Lowest Performing Fund Share” means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any Monitoring 
Day and/or any Observation Period, the Fund Share with the Lowest Fund Share Performance on such 
Valuation Date and/or such Monitoring Day and/or such Observation Period. 
“Max” followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the greater of the numbers 
separated by a “;” inside those brackets. 
“Min” followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the lesser of the numbers 
separated by a “;” inside those brackets. 
“NAV Observation Period” means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Net Asset Value” or “NAV” or “NAV per Fund Share” means, in respect of any Fund Share, the net 
asset value per Fund Share, as calculated and published by the Management Company or the Fund 
Administrator or the Fund Service Provider or other person that generally reports such value on behalf 
of the Fund to its investors or a publishing service on such day provided that the Calculation Agent is 
entitled to adjust the net asset value per Fund Share of the Fund to reflect, without duplication, the 
relevant portion per Fund Share of any fees, commission, costs or charge and duties, taxes or levies that 
may be payable and/or incurred in connection with the redemption of such Fund Share. 
“Observation Period” means each period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Relevant Price” means, in respect of any Fund Share and any Averaging Date, the NAV per such 
Fund Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as published by the relevant Fund (or its Fund 
Service Provider that generally determines such value) on such Averaging Date. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means, in respect of any Fund Share, any day on which it is scheduled that 
(i) the NAV of the relevant Fund will be published in accordance with the relevant Fund Documentation, 
and (ii) subscription or redemption orders of the Fund Shares can be received by such Fund. 
“Settlement Cycle” means, in respect of any Fund Share, the period of relevant Fund Share Clearance 
System Business Days following a trade in this Fund Share on any system or platform in which 
settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of such system or platform. 
“Specified Number of Funds” means, if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. The number of different Funds 
comprising the Basket shall be equal at any time to the Specified Number of Funds. 
“Valuation Time” means, in respect of any Fund Share, the time specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no such time is specified, the time on which the NAV of this Fund Share is published 
by such Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value). 
“Volatility Trigger Percentage” means, in respect of any Fund Share, the percentage specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Volatility Trigger Period” means, in respect of any Fund Share, the period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Weighting” or “Wi” means, in respect of any Fund Share, the percentage in respect of such Fund 
Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
> means that the item or number preceding this sign will be higher than the item or number following 
this sign. 
< means that the item or number preceding this sign will be lower than the item or number following 
this sign. 
 means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or higher than the item or number 
following this sign. 
≤ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or lower than the item or number 
following this sign. 
|𝒏| or “ABS (n)” means the absolute value of the item or number inside the brackets. 
“%” means per cent., i.e., a fraction of 100. For the avoidance of doubt, 1% or 1 per cent. is equal to 
0.01. 
21.2 
Valuation 
(a) 
Strike Date 
“Strike Date” means, in respect of any Fund Share, the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Scheduled 
Trading Day, subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 21.3. 
“Scheduled Strike Date” means, in respect of any Fund Share, the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date. 
(b) 
Valuation Date 
“Valuation Date” means, in respect of any Fund Share, each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day, subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 21.3. 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means, in respect of any Fund Share, the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
(c) 
Averaging Date 
“Averaging Date” means, in respect of any Fund Share and any Observation Period, each date specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following relevant Valid Date, subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 
21.3. 
“Valid Date” means, in respect of any Fund Share, a relevant Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
21.3 
Consequences of Disrupted Day(s) 
(a) 
Definitions 
“Disrupted Day” means, in respect of any Fund Share, any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred. 
“Hypothetical Investor” means, in respect of any Fund, a hypothetical or actual investor (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of the relevant situation) in the Fund Share of such 
Fund which is deemed to have the benefits and obligations, as provided in the relevant Fund 
Documentation, of an investor holding such Fund Share at the relevant time. The relevant Hypothetical 
Investor may be deemed by the Calculation Agent to be resident or organised in any jurisdiction, and

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
to be, without limitation, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Calculation Agent or any of their 
affiliates (as determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of the relevant situation). 
“Liquidity Disruption” means, in respect of any Fund, any suspension, limitation or delay in the 
redemption of Fund Shares of such Fund, be it either in accordance with the provisions of the relevant 
Fund Documentation or for other reasons. 
“Market Disruption Event” means, in respect of any Fund Share: 
(a) 
the failure by the relevant Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally determines such 
value) to publish the NAV of such Fund Share on the relevant Valuation Date or Averaging 
Date or Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day (save that if an event 
occurs that constitutes both a Market Disruption Event and an Extraordinary Event for the 
relevant Fund (as defined above) such event shall constitute an Extraordinary Event for such 
Fund and not a Market Disruption Event); or 
(b) 
the occurrence or existence of (i) a Valuation Disruption, (ii) a Liquidity Disruption, or (iii) a 
Settlement Disruption, which in any case the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, determines is material. 
“Redemption Notice Date” means, with respect to any Valuation Date or Averaging Date and any 
Fund Share, the last date on which a Hypothetical Investor would be permitted, pursuant to the relevant 
Fund Documentation, to submit a redemption notice that would be timely for a redemption as of the 
Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date occurring on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, or if no Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date is occurring on such Valuation Date or 
Averaging Date, the immediately preceding Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date. 
“Redemption Proceeds” means, in respect of any Fund, the redemption proceeds, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, that would be paid by such Fund to a Hypothetical Investor who, as of the 
relevant Redemption Valuation Date, redeems such Fund Share, provided that (i) any such proceeds 
that would be paid in property other than cash shall be valued by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion and (ii) if the Hypothetical Investor would be entitled to elect payment of such redemption 
proceeds to be made either in the form of cash or other property, then the Hypothetical Investor shall 
be deemed to have elected cash payment. 
“Redemption Valuation Date” means, with respect to any Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date and 
of any Fund Share, the date as of which such Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally 
determines such value) would determine the NAV of such Fund Share for purposes of calculating the 
redemption proceeds to be paid to a Hypothetical Investor that had submitted a valid notice for 
redemption on or before the related Redemption Notice Date. 
“Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date” means, in respect of any Fund Share, the date as of which 
such Fund (or any of the relevant Fund Service Providers that generally determines such value) is 
scheduled, according to the relevant Fund Documentation (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, 
suspension or other provisions permitting such Fund to delay or refuse redemption of the relevant Fund 
Shares), to determine the NAV of such Fund Share for purposes of calculating the redemption proceeds 
to be paid to an investor that has submitted a valid and timely notice for redemption of such Fund Shares 
based on the value determined as of such date. The Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date relating to 
any Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, shall be the Scheduled Redemption 
Valuation Date occurring on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, or if no 
Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date is occurring on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date. 
“Scheduled Redemption Payment Date” means, with respect to any Scheduled Redemption Valuation 
Date and any Fund, the date by which such Fund is scheduled to have paid, according to its Fund 
Documentation, all or a specified portion of the redemption proceeds to an investor that has submitted 
a timely and valid notice requesting redemption of the relevant Fund Shares as of such Scheduled 
Redemption Valuation Date.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Settlement Disruption” means, in respect of any Fund Share and any day, a failure by the relevant 
Fund to pay the full amount of the Redemption Proceeds with respect to such Fund Share scheduled to 
have been paid on or by such day according to the relevant Fund Documentation (without giving effect 
to any gating, deferral, suspension or other provisions permitting the relevant Fund to delay or refuse a 
redemption of such Fund Shares). 
“Valuation Disruption” means, in respect of any Fund Share, that: 
(a) 
the NAV of such Fund Share is not determined by such Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that 
generally determines such value) as set out in the relevant Fund Documentation; 
(b) 
the determination and/or publication of the NAV of such Fund Share by such Fund (or its Fund 
Service Provider that generally determines such value) in accordance with the Fund 
Documentation is suspended; or 
(c) 
the NAV of such Fund Share as so published by such Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that 
generally determines such value) is, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
incorrect. 
(b) 
Provisions 
(i) Strike Date 
If, in respect of any Fund Share, the Strike Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Strike Date for 
this Fund Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted 
Day, unless each of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following 
the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the Ultimate Strike Date shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for this Fund 
Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the relevant Initial 
Price shall be the Calculation Agent’s good faith estimate of the value for this Fund Share as of 
the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike Date. 
“Ultimate Strike Date” means, in respect of any Fund Share, the Scheduled Trading Day 
which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Strike Date. 
“Specific Number” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no 
number is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to eight. 
(ii) Valuation Date 
If, in respect of any Fund Share, any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then this Valuation 
Date for this Fund Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Valuation Date shall be deemed to be that Valuation Date 
for this Fund Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
relevant Final Price shall be the Calculation Agent’s good faith estimate of the value for this 
Fund Share as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate Valuation Date. 
“Ultimate Valuation Date” means, in respect of any Fund Share and any Scheduled Valuation 
Date, the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading 
Days immediately following such Scheduled Valuation Date. 
“Specific Number” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no 
number is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to eight.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(iii) Averaging Dates 
If, in respect of any Fund Share, any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then this Averaging 
Date for this Fund Share shall be the first succeeding Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid 
Date has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Averaging Date, then (1) the 
Ultimate Averaging Date shall be deemed to be that Averaging Date for this Fund Share 
(irrespective of whether the Ultimate Averaging Date is already an Averaging Date), and (2) 
the Relevant Price in respect of that Averaging Date shall be the Calculation Agent’s good faith 
estimate of the value for this Fund Share as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Averaging 
Date. 
“Ultimate Averaging Date” means, in respect of any Fund Share and any Observation Period, 
the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days 
immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date 
or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date relating to this Observation 
Period. 
“Specific Number” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no 
number is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to eight. 
(iv) Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day is a Disrupted Day, then such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day will be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a 
Knock-out Event. 
21.4 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a) 
Knock in Event 
“Knock-in Event” means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) either: 
(i) if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the NAV(s) of any 
Fund Share(s) determined by the Calculation Agent as of the relevant Knock-in Valuation Time of a 
number of Fund Shares equal to the Knock-in Number of Fund Shares specified in the applicable Final 
Terms on any Knock-in Determination Day is (are), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) 
“greater than”, (ii) “greater than or equal to”, (iii) ”less than” or (iv) “less than or equal to” its (their) 
respective Knock-in Price(s); or 
(ii) if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the amount for 
the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for the Fund Shares of 
each Fund as the product of (i) the NAV of such Fund Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as 
of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day and (ii) the relevant Number of 
Fund Shares comprised in the Basket is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) “greater than”, 
(ii) “greater than or equal to”, (iii) “less than” or (iv) “less than or equal to” the Knock-in Price. 
If “Knock-in Event” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then payment and/or delivery under 
the relevant Warrants resulting from the occurrence of such Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon 
such occurrence. 
“Knock-in Number of Fund Shares” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or if no number is specified the Knock-in Number of Fund Shares shall be deemed equal to one. 
“Knock-in Price” means, either: 
(i) if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and in respect of any Fund 
Share, the NAV of such Fund Share specified as such; or

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(ii) if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the price per Basket 
specified as such, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 21.5 
and to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 21.3. 
“Knock-in Determination Day” means, in respect of any Fund Share, each Scheduled Trading Day 
during the Knock-in Determination Period subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in 
Condition 21.3. 
“Knock-in Determination Period” means, in respect of any Fund Share, the period which commences 
on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period 
Ending Date. 
“Knock-in Period Beginning Date” means, in respect of any Fund Share, the date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-in Period Ending Date” means, in respect of any Fund Share, the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-in Valuation Time” means, in respect of any Fund Share, the time or period of time on any 
Knock-in Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the 
applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall 
be the Valuation Time. 
(b) 
Knock-out Event 
“Knock-out Event” means either: 
(i) if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the NAV(s) of any 
Fund Share(s) determined by the Calculation Agent as of the relevant Knock-out Valuation Time of a 
number of Fund Shares equal to the Knock-out Number of Fund Shares specified in the applicable Final 
Terms on any Knock-out Determination Day is(are), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) 
“greater than”, (ii) “greater than or equal to”, (iii) “less than” or (iv) “less than or equal to” its (their) 
respective Knock-out Price(s); or 
(ii) if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the amount for 
the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for the Fund Shares of 
each Fund as the product of (i) the NAV of such Fund Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as 
of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day and (ii) the relevant Number 
of Fund Shares comprised in the Basket is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) “greater than”, 
(b) “greater than or equal to”, (c) “less than” or (d) “less than or equal to” the Knock-out Price. 
If “Knock-out Event” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then payment and/or delivery under 
the relevant Warrants resulting from the absence of such Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon 
such absence. 
“Knock-out Number of Fund Shares” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or if no number is specified the Knock-out Number of Fund Shares shall be deemed equal to 
one. 
“Knock-out Price” means either: 
(i) if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of any Fund 
Share, the NAV per such Fund Share specified as such; or

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(ii) if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the price per Basket 
specified as such, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 21.5 
and to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in Condition 21.3. 
“Knock-out Determination Day” means, in respect of any Fund Share, each Scheduled Trading Day 
during the Knock-out Determination Period subject to “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in 
Condition 21.3. 
“Knock-out Determination Period” means, in respect of any Fund Share, the period which 
commences on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-out Period Beginning Date” means, in respect of any Fund Share, the date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Period Ending Date” means, in respect of any Fund Share, the date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Valuation Time” means, in respect of any Fund Share, the time or period of time on any 
Knock-out Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the 
applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time 
shall be the Valuation Time. 
21.5 
Particular Provisions 
(a) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
(i) Definitions 
“Potential Adjustment Event” means, with respect to any Fund and/or any Fund Share, any 
of the following as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(A) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of Fund Shares, or a free 
distribution or dividend of any such Fund Shares to existing holders by way of 
bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(B) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant Fund Shares of 
(1) such Fund Shares, or (2) other share capital or securities granting the right 
to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Fund equally 
or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Fund Shares, or 
(3) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned 
(directly or indirectly) by the Fund as a result of a spin-off or other similar 
transaction, or (4) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, 
in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing 
market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
a dividend which the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole discretion and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, should (in whole 
or part) be characterised as an extraordinary dividend; 
(D) 
a call by the Fund in respect of Fund Shares that are not fully paid; 
(E) 
a repurchase by the Fund or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Fund Shares 
whether out of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such 
repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise;

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(F) 
in respect of the Fund, an event that results in any shareholder rights being 
distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares 
of the capital stock of the Fund pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or 
arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the 
occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt 
instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of 
such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(G) 
any other similar event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the relevant Fund Shares. 
(ii) Consequences 
(A) 
If, in respect of any Fund Share, a Potential Adjustment Event occurs from, 
and including, the Issue Date to, and including, the latest of the last Valuation 
Date, the last Averaging Date, the last Knock-in Determination Day and the 
last Knock-out Determination Day, the Calculation Agent will promptly 
determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value 
of that Fund Share and, if so, will: 
I. 
make such adjustment(s), if any, to any one or more of the Barrier Price 
and/or the Trigger Price and/or the Initial Price and/or the Knock-in 
Price and/or the Knock-out Price and/or the specific Weighting and/or 
(in the case of Physical Settlement) the Relevant Number of Fund 
Shares and/or any of the other relevant terms of the Warrants that the 
Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, to be 
appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect; and 
II. 
determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the effective date(s) of 
such adjustment(s). 
(B) 
The Calculation Agent shall not be required to make an adjustment to the terms 
of the Warrants if it determines that the theoretical change in value of any Fund 
Share resulting from the occurrence of one or more events listed in the 
provisions hereof above is less than or equal to 1% of the value of that property 
immediately before the occurrence of that event or those events. 
(C) 
No adjustments to the property comprised within any Fund Share will be 
required other than those specified above. However, the Issuer may cause the 
Calculation Agent to make additional adjustments to the property comprised 
within any Fund Share to reflect changes occurring in relation to such property 
in other circumstances where the Issuer determines, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, that such changes are appropriate. 
(b) 
Correction of value or prices of a Fund Share 
In the event that, in respect of any Fund or Fund Share, any price published by or on behalf of such 
Fund which is utilised by the Calculation Agent for any determination (the “Original Determination”) 
is subsequently corrected and the correction is published within one relevant Settlement Cycle after the 
original publication, or such Fund with respect to any Fund Share adjusts the Redemption Proceeds that 
would have been paid to a Hypothetical Investor redeeming such Fund Share, and such adjustment 
would be reflected in either an additional payment to such Hypothetical Investor or a claim of excess 
Redemption Proceeds made against such Hypothetical Investor, in each case no later than the fifth Fund 
Business Day (each a “Correction”), then the Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer of such 
Correction as soon as reasonably practicable and shall determine the relevant value (the “Replacement 
Determination”) with regard to such Correction.

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
If the result of the Replacement Determination is different from the result of the Original Determination, 
to the extent that it determines it to be necessary, the Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms 
hereof accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Warrantholders shall not be entitled to make any claim against the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent in the case where any Original Determination is not subsequently corrected 
and/or the correction of the Original Determination is announced by the relevant Fund Service Provider 
after the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the payment date of the amount due 
and payable under the Warrants which is linked to that Original Determination. 
21.6 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
Definitions 
“Additional Disruption Event” means any of a Change in Law, Fund Hedging Disruption or Increased 
Cost of Hedging, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Change in Law” means, if specified as applicable in the Final Terms, that on or after the Trade Date: 
(A) on account of the adoption of or any change to any Applicable Regulation, or (B) on account of the 
promulgation or change in the interpretation or application of any Applicable Regulation by any court, 
tribunal, regulatory or tax authority, exchange or governmental authority with competent jurisdiction 
of any Applicable Regulation: 
(i) 
the Issuer or Calculation Agent determines in its sole discretion that it is unable to fulfil its 
obligations under the Warrants or that it is illegal or contrary to any Applicable Regulation for 
it or any of its affiliates or other entities affected by the Hedging Agreements to hold, acquire 
or dispose of Hedging Arrangements in relation to such Warrants; or 
(ii) 
there is a significant increase in the costs to it and/or to its affiliates (including, but without 
limitation to, increases related to any taxation law or any solvency or capital requirement) of 
holding, decreases in tax benefits (or other adverse effects on its tax position), acquiring or 
disposing of Hedging Arrangements or any requirements in relation to reserves, special 
deposits, insurance assessments or other requirements in relation to such Warrants. 
“Fund Hedging Disruption” means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that the 
Issuer and/or any one of its affiliates or all entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements, is/are unable, 
despite commercially reasonable efforts, (A) to acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s), any asset(s) or any contract(s) that they may deem necessary 
in order to cover the risk arising from that entity concluding and satisfying its obligations by virtue of 
the Warrants, or (B) to realise, recover or pay the income from such transaction(s) or contract(s) relative 
to the Warrants, including, without limitation, where such inability or impracticability has arisen by 
reason of: (i) any restrictions or increase in charges or fees imposed by the Fund with regard to the 
redemption of interests, in whole or in part, or any existing or new investor’s ability to make new or 
additional investments in the Fund, or (ii) any mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of interests 
imposed by the Fund (in each case other than any restriction in existence on the Issue Date). 
“Hedging Agreements” means all hedge agreements concluded by the Issuer and/or any of its 
respective affiliates or other entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements concluded at any time in 
order to hedge the Warrants, including, but not restricted to, the purchase and/or sale of all transferable 
securities, all options or all futures contracts on these transferable securities, all certificates of deposit 
in respect of these transferable securities, and all corresponding transactions on currencies.  
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: (i) that the 
Issuer and/or any one of its affiliates or other entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements, incur(s) 
an amount of duties, taxes, costs or commissions (other than brokerage commissions) which is 
substantially increased (compared to the circumstances existing on the Trade Date) in order (A) to 
acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, maintain, unwind or transfer any transaction(s) or any asset(s) 
which they may deem necessary to hedge the risk (in particular but not limited to exchange and interest 
rate risks) of the Issuer or any third party or affiliate with whom the Issuer enters into a hedging

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
transaction on account of the conclusion and satisfaction of its obligations by virtue of the Warrants, or 
(B) to realise, recover or pay the income from such transaction or transactions or from such asset or 
assets, provided that any substantially increased amount incurred exclusively on account of 
deterioration of the solvency of the Issuer and/or of any of its affiliates or of other entities concerned 
by the Hedging Agreements shall not be deemed to constitute an Increased Cost of Hedging, or (ii) the 
termination of any rebate agreement that may be entered into between the Issuer or any third party with 
whom the Issuer enters into a hedging transaction with regard to its obligation incurred under the 
Warrants and the Fund or any Fund Service Provider in relation to the subscription of Fund Shares. 
(b) 
Consequences 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
settle the Warrants upon prior notification to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10. If 
the Warrants are thus settled, the Issuer shall upon such settlement pay to the Warrantholders an amount 
determined to be the fair market value of the Warrants based on the market conditions prevailing at the 
date of determination taking account of the Additional Disruption Event, minus the reasonable costs to 
the Issuer and/or its affiliates or other entities affected by the Hedging Agreements of unwinding 
underlying Hedging Arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion. 
Warrantholders shall be notified of each such payment in accordance with Condition 10. 
21.7 
Extraordinary Events 
(a) 
Definitions 
“Adviser Resignation” means, in respect of any Fund: 
(i) the resignation, termination, or replacement of its relevant Fund Adviser; or 
(ii) the resignation, termination death or replacement of any key person of such Fund Adviser. 
“AUM Trigger Event” means in respect of any Fund, where specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that the asset of the Fund has decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than the AUM 
Trigger Percentage during the AUM Observation Period as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Change of Investment Policy” means, in respect of any Fund, that the Fund Adviser of the Fund 
effects or announces an intention to effect a change in the investment objectives, risk profile or 
investment guidelines of the Fund in any material respect or makes any other material change to the 
terms and conditions of the Fund. 
“Extraordinary Event” means those events listed in Condition 21.7(a). 
“FRTB Event” means in respect of any Fund that, the related Fund Adviser or the relevant Fund 
Service Provider (a) does not make publicly available on a voluntary basis or as the case may be, as 
required by applicable laws and regulations, the FRTB Information and (b) in breach of an agreement 
with NATIXIS or any of its affiliates, if any, does not provide NATIXIS or any of its affiliates with the 
FRTB Information and as a consequence, NATIXIS or any of its affiliates would incur materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) capital requirements pursuant 
to the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book as implemented into French law, in holding the Fund 
Shares,  
where “FRTB Information” means sufficient information, including relevant risk sensitivities data, in 
a processable format to enable NATIXIS or any of its affiliates, as a holder of the Fund Shares for its 
hedging constraints, to calculate its market risk in relation thereto as if it were holding the Fund Shares 
directly; “processable format” means that the format of such information can be readily used by 
NATIXIS or any of its affiliates by using the existing functionality of a software or application 
commonly used by financial institutions to compute its market risk as described above;  
and “Fundamental Review of the Trading Book” means the comprehensive suite of capital rules 
developed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS), which is being implemented in 
the EU, as part of CRR, as amended from time to time.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Fund Insolvency Filing” means, in respect of any Fund: 
(i) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; 
(iii) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary 
insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency 
or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor 
or similar official, or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition 
is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in (1) above and either (A) results in a judgment 
of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up 
or liquidation or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 calendar days 
of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(iv) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; or 
(v) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially 
all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, 
stayed or restrained, in each case within 15 days thereafter. 
“Fund Merger Event” means either (i) a conversion of the units or shares of the Fund determined by 
the Calculation Agent in its unfettered discretion to have a negative impact on the theoretical value of 
such units or shares (particularly, but without limitation, in case of conversion of such units or shares 
into other securities or financial instruments that do not have the same legal, financial or liquidity 
features as the replaced units or shares, or where such conversion results in a negative reputational 
impact on the Issuer or the Guarantor), or (ii) a merger, demerger or split of the units or shares of the 
Fund or a transfer of all or a substantial part of the assets of the Fund under management. 
“Fund Modification” means, in respect of any Fund of Fund Share, (i) any failure by the Fund Adviser 
to act in accordance with the investment objectives, risk profile or investment guidelines of the Fund, 
(ii) any restriction placed on the ability of the Fund Adviser to buy or sell shares or other property by 
any regulatory body, (iii) any limitation on the ability of the Fund Adviser to buy or sell shares or other 
property by reason of liquidity, adverse market conditions or decrease in the assets of the Fund, and in 
any such case, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such situation is unlikely to be corrected within 
a reasonable period of time or (iv) any change or modification of the Fund Documentation of the Fund 
that could in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent be expected to affect the value of the 
interest in the Fund or the rights of any holders thereof from those prevailing on the Issue Date. 
“Holding Event” means, in respect of any Fund, where specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the capitalisation of such Fund falls so that the Issuer or any third party with whom the Issuer 
enters into a hedging transaction with regard to its obligations under the Warrants holds on any Fund 
Business Day the relevant Fund Shares for an amount or a percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or if no amount is specified the Holding Event shall be deemed greater than 10% of the 
capitalisation of such Fund on such Fund Business Day. 
“Liquidation” means, in respect of any Fund Share, that by reason of voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation or winding up of the relevant Fund Administrator, such Fund Shares are required to be 
transferred to a manager, trustee, liquidator or other similar official or holders of such Fund Shares 
become legally prohibited from transferring them.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Nationalisation” means, in respect of any Fund, that all the interests in such Fund or all or substantially 
all the assets of such Fund are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to 
any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
“NAV Trigger Event” means, in respect of any Fund Shares, that: 
(i) the reported value of such Fund Share has decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than, the 
Fluctuation Limit during the related NAV Observation Period; or 
(ii) the relevant Fund Administrator or, as the case may be, Fund Adviser has violated any leverage 
restriction that is applicable to, or affecting, such Fund or its assets by operation of any law, any order 
or judgment of any court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, its Fund 
Documentation or any contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Fund or any of its assets. 
“Other Extraordinary Event(s)” means, in respect of any Fund or Fund Share, any event(s) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Redemption of Fund Shares” means that the Fund Shares are redeemed in accordance with their 
terms or notice of such redemption is given to the holders of the Fund Shares. 
“Regulatory Action” means, with respect to the any Fund: 
(i) a cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of such Fund or its interests by 
any governmental or regulatory entity with authority over such Fund or its interests; 
(ii) any change in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of such Fund or its adviser or manager 
that in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer is suitable to have an adverse impact on the value of the 
interests in that Fund or on any investor therein; or 
(iii) such Fund or its administrator, adviser or manager becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding 
or litigation by any relevant governmental or regulatory authority involving the potential violation of 
applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of that Fund. 
“Reporting Disruption” means, in respect of any Fund: 
(i) the occurrence of any event that, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, would make it impossible or 
impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the value of the interests in such Fund, and such 
event continues for at least five Fund Business Days; 
(ii) any failure of such Fund to deliver, or cause to be delivered, (1) information that that Fund has 
undertaken to deliver to the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent, or (2) information that has been 
previously delivered to the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent in accordance with that Fund’s, or its 
authorised representative’s, normal practice and that the Issuer deems necessary for it or the Calculation 
Agent to monitor that Fund’s compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation 
methodologies or any other similar policies relating to that Fund. 
“Strategy Breach” means any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the 
Fund Documentation that is in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer suitable to affect the value of 
interests in the Fund or the rights of any holders thereof. 
“Termination of any Fund Adviser and/or any Fund Administrator” means, in respect of any Fund, 
that (i) voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy or any analogous insolvency proceedings 
including for the avoidance of doubt, bankruptcy, civil rehabilitation proceedings, corporate 
reorganisation proceedings, company arrangement or special liquidation are commenced with respect 
to this Fund Adviser or Fund Administrator or (ii) the appointment of this Fund Adviser or this Fund 
Administrator of such Fund is terminated in accordance with its terms or notice of such termination is 
given to the holders of the relevant Fund Shares or (iii) this Fund Adviser or Fund Administrator of 
such Fund fails to maintain or obtain, as the case may be, all required approvals and authorisations by 
the relevant financial and administrative authorities necessary to perform its obligations in respect of 
such Fund and such Fund Shares or (iv) it if becomes illegal or impossible in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent for this Fund Adviser or Fund Administrator of such Fund to continue to act as Fund

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Adviser or Fund Administrator of such Fund, and in any such case in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent no appropriate successor is appointed to act as adviser or administrator, as the case 
may be, of the Fund. 
“Volatility Trigger Event” means in respect of any Fund, where specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that the annualized realized volatility of the Fund calculated over immediately 
preceding Volatility Trigger Period is greater than a Volatility Trigger Percentage, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(b) 
Consequences 
(i) If on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last Averaging Date, the last Knock-in 
Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be, an Extraordinary 
Event as defined above occurs with regard to any Fund or any Fund Shares, then, if Essential Trigger 
is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will be entitled, for 
the purpose of performing its obligations in respect of the outstanding Warrant, either to: 
(A) 
substitute such Fund Share with such interest in any other investment fund or 
other collective investment vehicle (the “Successor Fund Share”) which the 
Calculation Agent, using commercially reasonable efforts, has identified as 
being, with regard to its characteristics, investment objectives and policies, 
similar to those in effect for that Fund immediately prior to the occurrence of 
such Extraordinary Event, provided that the Calculation Agent shall: 
I. 
replace that Fund Share by a number of shares or units in the Successor 
Fund Share as represents the amount (the “Removal Value”) which 
would be derived from an order to redeem such Fund Share which has 
been submitted to that Fund on the Fund Business Day immediately 
following the occurrence of such Extraordinary Event (the 
“Replacement Date”); 
II. 
determine the Effective Date of such substitution with regard to dates 
which would be applicable to orders to redeem such Fund Share and 
to subscribe for Successor Fund Shares which would be given on or 
about the Replacement Date; and 
III. 
make such other modifications and adjustments to any terms of the 
Warrants (including, but not limited to adjustments to account for any 
changes in volatility, investment strategy or liquidity relevant to such 
Fund Shares) as may be required in order to preserve the economic 
equivalent of the obligation of the Issuer under the Warrants, provided 
that the Warrantholders shall be informed without undue delay of the 
relevant modifications and/or adjustments; or (but not and) 
(B) 
make such modifications and adjustments to any terms of the Warrants 
(including, but not limited to adjustments to account for any changes in 
volatility, investment strategy or liquidity relevant to such Fund Shares) as may 
be required in order to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligation of 
the Issuer under the Warrants, provided that the Warrantholders shall be 
informed without undue delay of the relevant modifications and/or 
adjustments; or (but not and) 
(C) 
require the Issuer to settle each Warrant at an amount per Warrant equal to the 
Early Settlement Amount, provided that the Early Settlement Amount shall be 
payable by the Issuer on the tenth Business Day following notification by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer requiring the Issuer to settle each Warrant at an 
amount per Warrant equal to the Early Settlement Amount. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions of 
Condition 9.5 must also be satisfied in order for Calculation Agent to be able to require the

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Issuer to adjust any provisions or terminate its obligations in relation to the Warrants pursuant 
to this Condition 21. 
(ii) The Calculation Agent shall not be required to make an adjustment to the terms of the Warrants if it 
determines that the theoretical change in value of the Fund Share resulting from the occurrence of one 
or more events listed in the provisions hereof above is less than or equal to 3% of the value of that Fund 
Share immediately before the occurrence of that event or those events. 
(c) 
Cut-off Date 
The provisions set out below are applicable if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(i) Definitions 
“Cut-off Date” means, in respect of any Valuation Date, the Schedule Trading Day which is 
the first of the Cut-off Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately preceding such 
Valuation Date. 
“Cut-off Number” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no 
number is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to five. 
(ii) Consequences 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 21.7, if a Fund Share Event occurs during the 
period from the relevant Cut-off Date to any Valuation Date (both dates inclusive), the relevant 
Final Price of the Affected Fund Share shall be the price determined by the Calculation Agent 
as being its good faith estimate of the fair market value of the Affected Fund Share. 
(d) 
Miscellaneous 
(i) If more than one of the events set out above occurs, the adjustments (if any) to the terms of the Warrants 
for the second and subsequent events shall be to the terms of the Warrants as adjusted for preceding 
events. 
(ii) In the event that a determination is made that the Warrants will be Physically settled and on or after the 
last Valuation Date or the last Averaging Date or the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last 
Knock-out Determination Day (but before the Settlement Date) a Potential Adjustment Event or an 
Extraordinary Event occurs, then the Issuer shall be entitled (but not obliged) upon immediate notice to 
the Warrantholders to (i) delay the Settlement Date to such date that falls five Business Days following 
such event and (ii) cause the property comprising the Relevant Number of Fund Shares to be thereupon 
adjusted in accordance with the provisions hereof. 
(iii) As soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances after making any adjustment or modification 
to the terms of the Warrants in accordance with these Conditions, whether in the exercise of its own 
discretion or at the request of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent will give notice thereof to the Issuer and 
to the Issuing and Paying Agent whereupon the Issuer or the Issuing and Paying Agent shall notify the 
Warrantholders of such adjustment or modification in accordance with Condition 10. 
21.8 
Physical Settlement 
(a) 
Definitions 
“Clearance System” means, in respect of any Fund Share, indiscriminately the Deliverable Fund Share 
Clearance System, Clearstream or Euroclear. 
“Clearance System Business Day” means, in respect of any Fund Share, any day on which each of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, and the relevant Deliverable Fund Share Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open for the 
acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
“Clearstream” means Clearstream Banking S.A. (or any successor thereof).

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Deliverable Fund Share” means the Fund Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Deliverable Fund Share Clearance System” means, in respect of any Deliverable Fund Share, the 
principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades in such Deliverable Fund 
Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Delivery Agent” means NATIXIS or any other delivery agent appointed by the Issuer, which term 
shall include any successor or any agent acting on behalf thereof, as the case may be. The Delivery 
Agent will act solely as agent of the Issuer and will not assume any obligations to, or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with, the Warrantholders. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Delivery Agent and to appoint or not another Delivery Agent. 
“Disruption Cash Settlement Price” means, in respect of any Warrant or, if Units are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, an amount in the Settlement Currency specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms equal to the fair market value of a Warrant or Unit less (i) the 
Residual Cash Amount and (ii) if Unwind Costs are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the cost to the Issuer of unwinding any underlying related Hedging Arrangements, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear SA/NV (or any successor thereof). 
“Fund Minimum Tradable Quantity” means, in respect of any Fund, the number specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms for such Fund. If no number is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Fund Minimum Tradable Quantity in respect of any Fund shall be deemed equal to 1. 
“Fund Settlement Disruption Event” means an event beyond the control of the Issuer or the Delivery 
Agent as a result of which (i) Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, or the Deliverable Fund 
Share Clearance System cannot clear the transfer of the Deliverable Fund Shares or (ii) Euroclear or 
Clearstream, as the case may be, or the Deliverable Fund Share Clearance System ceases to clear all or 
any of such Deliverable Fund Shares. 
“Fund Share Reference Price” means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (i) the amount per 
Deliverable Fund Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) the Initial Price of the 
Deliverable Fund Shares or (iii) the Ultimate Final Price. 
“Integral Number of Deliverable Fund Shares” means, in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, an integral number of Deliverable 
Fund Shares equal to the Relevant Number of Deliverable Fund Shares rounded downwards to the Fund 
Minimum Tradable Quantity, except if “Warrants to be aggregated for the purposes of determining the 
number of Deliverable Fund Shares to be delivered” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, in which case “Integral Number of Deliverable Fund Shares” shall be deemed not applicable. 
For the avoidance of doubt the Integral Number of Fund Shares as of the Issue Date may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Physical Delivery Reference Amount” means an amount for each Warrant or Unit, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or if such Physical Delivery Reference Amount is not specified, the Notional 
Amount. 
“Physical Delivery Rounding Convention” means the method specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if such Physical Delivery Rounding Convention is not specified, the figure to be rounded shall be 
rounded upwards to the nearest third decimal. 
“Prevailing Exchange Rate” means, in respect of any date specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
cross-currency rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms which appears on the page 
designated in the applicable Final Terms. If such rate does not appear on the page designated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the Prevailing Exchange Rate (or a 
method for determining the Prevailing Exchange Rate). 
“Relevant Number of Deliverable Fund Shares” means, in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, and any Deliverable Fund Share,

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
a number of such Deliverable Fund Shares equal to (i) the Physical Delivery Reference Amount 
multiplied by (ii) the specific Weighting (if any) plus (iii) the Prevailing Exchange Rate (if any) divided 
by (iv) the Fund Share Reference Price of the relevant Deliverable Fund Shares, subject to the Physical 
Delivery Rounding Convention and to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
as set out in Condition 21.5. 
“Residual Cash Amount” means, in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, an amount in the Settlement Currency specified in the 
applicable Final Terms equal to the product of (i) the Residual Number of Deliverable Fund Shares and 
(ii) the Ultimate Final Price of the Deliverable Fund Share divided by the Prevailing Exchange Rate (if 
any). 
“Residual Number of Deliverable Fund Shares” means, in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, a number of Fund Shares equal 
to (i) the Relevant Number of Deliverable Fund Shares minus (ii) the Integral Number of Deliverable 
Fund Shares, except if “Warrants to be aggregated for the purposes of determining the number of 
Deliverable Fund Shares to be delivered” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in 
which case “Residual Number of Deliverable Fund Shares” shall be deemed not applicable. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Residual Number of Deliverable Fund Shares as of the Issue Date may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Settlement Date” means the Settlement Date as defined in Condition 3 provided that if a Settlement 
Disruption Event does prevent delivery on that day, then the Settlement Date will be the first succeeding 
day on which delivery of the Integral Number of Deliverable Fund Shares can take place through the 
relevant Clearance System unless a Settlement Disruption Event prevents settlement on each of the five 
Clearance System Business Days immediately following the original date that, but for the Settlement 
Disruption Event, would have been the Settlement Date. In that case, (a) if the Integral Number of 
Deliverable Fund Shares can be delivered in any other commercially reasonable manner, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, then the Settlement Date will be the first day on which 
settlement of a sale of the Integral Number of Deliverable Fund Shares executed on that fifth Clearance 
System Business Day customarily would take place using such other commercially reasonable manner 
of delivery (which other manner of delivery will be deemed to be the relevant Clearance System for the 
purposes of delivery of the relevant Integral Number of Deliverable Fund Shares), and (b) if the Integral 
Number of Deliverable Fund Shares cannot be delivered in any other commercially reasonable manner, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, then in lieu of physical settlement the 
Issuer may satisfy its obligations in respect of each of the relevant Warrants or Units by payment to the 
Warrantholders of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price on the third Business Day following such fifth 
Clearance System Business Day. For the avoidance of doubt, where a Settlement Disruption Event 
affects some but not all of the shares or securities comprised in the Relevant Number of Deliverable 
Fund Shares, the Settlement Date for shares or securities not affected by the Settlement Disruption 
Event will be the Settlement Date. In the event that a Settlement Disruption Event will result in the 
delivery on the Settlement Date of some but not all of the shares or securities comprised in the Relevant 
Number of Deliverable Fund Shares, the Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole discretion the 
appropriate pro rata portion of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price which the Issuer, to satisfy its 
obligations in respect of each of the relevant Warrants or Units to the extent the Issuer has not already 
done so by delivery of shares or securities comprised in the Relevant Number of Deliverable Fund 
Shares, will pay to the Warrantholders on the third Business Day following the fifth Clearance System 
Business Day. 
“Ultimate Final Price” means the Final Price or, if there are several Valuation Dates, the Final Price 
in respect of the last Valuation Date. 
(b) 
Provisions 
(i) In the case of Physical Settlement, provided that notice of Physical Settlement shall be made by the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer to the Issuing and Paying Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream or 
other relevant clearing system(s), as the case may be, on or immediately after the last Valuation Date 
or the last Averaging Date or the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Day, each Warrantholder shall not later than two Business Days before the Settlement Date (the 
“Delivery Notice Date”) (or on such earlier date as the Calculation Agent, acting in its sole discretion, 
shall determine is necessary for the Issuer and Euroclear and/or Clearstream or other relevant clearing 
system(s), as the case may be, to perform their respective obligations under the Warrants and which 
earlier date has been notified to the Issuer, and of which the Issuer shall then promptly inform 
Warrantholders) send to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or other relevant clearing system(s), as the case 
may be (in accordance with its then applicable operating procedures and accepted methods of 
communication), an irrevocable notice designating its security and cash accounts for the purposes of 
Physical Settlement and details of such accounts at Euroclear or Clearstream or the Deliverable Fund 
Share Clearance System (the “Delivery Notice”). 
(ii) For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall be under no obligation to compensate or indemnify the 
Warrantholder(s) for any delay or failure on the part of the Issuer or the Delivery Agent to deliver or 
procure the delivery of the Integral Number of Deliverable Fund Shares on the Settlement Date and/or 
to pay or procure the payment of the Residual Cash Amount on the Settlement Date to the 
Warrantholder(s) to the extent Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, does not receive the 
Delivery Notice from the Warrantholder(s) on (or before, as may be applicable) the Delivery Notice 
Date or, to the extent that for any reason Euroclear and/or Clearstream fail, or fail within any relevant 
period, to transmit (whether or not in accordance with its then applicable operating procedures and 
accepted methods of communication) any notice by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Delivery Agent to 
its participants. Without prejudice to the preceding sentence and sub-paragraph (iv) below, in the event 
that Euroclear and/or Clearstream do not receive a Delivery Notice from a Warrantholder on or before 
the tenth Business Day following the Settlement Date, the Issuer shall be entitled (but not obliged) to 
pay to such Warrantholder, as soon as reasonably practicable on or following such date an amount, 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion and notified to the Issuer, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be (to be communicated by 
them to the relevant Warrantholders) in writing promptly following such determination, equal to the 
fair market value of such Integral Number of Deliverable Fund Shares and/or the Residual Cash Amount 
at the date determined in good faith by the Issuer, in full satisfaction of its obligations under such 
Warrants. 
(iii) A Delivery Notice once delivered to Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, shall be irrevocable 
and may not be withdrawn without the consent in writing of the Issuer. A Warrantholder may not 
transfer any Warrant that is the subject of a Delivery Notice following delivery of such Delivery Notice 
to Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be. 
(iv) A Delivery Notice shall only be valid to the extent that Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may 
be, have not received conflicting prior instructions in respect of the Warrants or Units that are the subject 
of the Delivery Notice. Failure properly and timely to provide a Delivery Notice may result in such 
notice being treated as null and void. Any determination as to whether such notice has been properly 
provided shall be made by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, after consultation with the 
Issuer and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the relevant Warrantholder. If a Delivery 
Notice has not been provided properly and timely, the Issuer or the Delivery Agent shall not be obliged 
to make any payment or delivery in respect of the Warrants which are the subject of the Delivery Notice. 
(v) Receipt by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, of a valid Delivery Notice shall be deemed 
to constitute (a) written confirmation of an irrevocable election and undertaking by the relevant 
Warrantholder to select the account at Euroclear or Clearstream or the Deliverable Fund Share 
Clearance System specified therein and (b) an undertaking by the relevant Warrantholder to pay any 
costs, applicable value added or sales taxes, transfer taxes, stamp duties and other taxes and duties due 
by reason of delivery of the Integral Number of Deliverable Fund Shares to the account at Euroclear or 
Clearstream or the Deliverable Fund Share Clearance System or to reimburse Euroclear or Clearstream, 
as the case may be, or the Deliverable Fund Share Clearance System in respect of any such costs, taxes 
or duties. 
(vi) In the event that any Warrant is not represented by a Global Warrant held on behalf of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, as the case may be, the Issuer or the Delivery Agent shall procure that notice shall be 
provided to the relevant Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10, describing the method by

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
which an account at the Deliverable Fund Share Clearance System shall be irrevocably designated for 
such Warrantholders and such designation shall be binding on the Issuer and such Warrantholders. 
(vii) 
Upon receipt of such Delivery Notice, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, shall 
(a) verify that the person specified therein as the Warrantholder is the holder of the specified number of 
Warrants according to its books (provided that if such verification shows that such person is not the 
Warrantholder according to its books, the Delivery Notice shall not be valid) and (b) in accordance with 
its then applicable operating procedures, send a copy of the Delivery Notice to the Issuer, the Delivery 
Agent and such other persons as the Issuer or the Delivery Agent may previously have specified. 
The number of Warrants delivered by the same Warrantholder for settlement shall not be 
aggregated for the purpose of determining the number of Deliverable Fund Shares to be 
delivered in respect of such Warrants. However if the paragraph “Warrants to be aggregated 
for the purposes of determining the number of Deliverable Fund Shares to be delivered” is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the Warrants delivered by the same 
Warrantholder for exchange shall be aggregated for the purpose of determining the number of 
Deliverable Fund Shares to be delivered in respect of such Warrants. In such case, the 
Deliverable Fund Shares deliverable to a Warrantholder in respect of the Warrants held by it 
will be a whole number of the Fund Minimum Tradable Quantity provided that where the 
number of Deliverable Fund Shares which would otherwise be deliverable hereunder includes 
a fraction of the Fund Minimum Tradable Quantity, the number of such Deliverable Fund 
Shares shall be rounded downwards to the nearest Fund Minimum Tradable Quantity and the 
cash equivalent of such fraction (the “Additional Cash Amount”) will be paid to this 
Warrantholder. The Additional Cash Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
specified in the applicable Final Terms equal to the product of (i) the above mentioned fraction 
and (ii) the traded NAV as of the close of trading published by the Fund (or its Fund Service 
Provider that generally determines such value) on the date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if such NAV is not available in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent on such 
date, the NAV determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Delivery of any Deliverable Fund Shares is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and 
practices and neither the Issuer nor the Delivery Agent shall incur liability whatsoever if it is 
unable to deliver or procure the delivery of the Deliverable Fund Shares to the Warrantholder 
because of any such laws, regulations or practices. Neither the Issuer nor the Delivery Agent 
shall under any circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
as may be applicable, and/or the Deliverable Fund Share Clearance System in relation to the 
performance of the duties in relation to the Warrants, including but not limited to the delivery 
of the Deliverable Fund Shares to the Warrantholder. 
After delivery by the Issuer or the Delivery Agent to the relevant Warrantholder(s) through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as may be applicable, and/or the Deliverable Fund Share 
Clearance System of the Deliverable Fund Shares (if applicable) and for such period of time as 
the Issuer or its agent or nominee shall continue to be registered in any clearance system or 
otherwise as the owner of the Deliverable Fund Shares (the “Intervening Period”), neither the 
Issuer nor its agent or nominee shall: 
(A) 
be under any obligation to deliver to such Warrantholder(s) or any subsequent 
beneficial owner of the Deliverable Fund Shares any letter, certificate, notice, 
circular, dividend or any other document or payment whatsoever received by 
the Issuer or its agent or nominee in its capacity as the holder thereof; 
(B) 
exercise any or all rights (including voting rights) attaching to such Deliverable 
Fund Shares or part thereof during the Intervening Period without the prior 
written consent of the relevant Warrantholder(s), provided that neither the 
Issuer nor its agent or nominee shall be under any obligation to exercise any 
such rights during the Intervening Period; or 
(C) 
be under any liability to such Warrantholder(s) or any subsequent beneficial 
owner of the Deliverable Fund Shares in respect of any loss or damage which

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
such Warrantholder(s) or subsequent beneficial owner may sustain or suffer as 
a result, whether directly or indirectly, of the Issuer or its agent or nominee 
being registered in such clearance system or otherwise during such Intervening 
Period as legal owner of the Deliverable Fund Shares. 
The Issuer or the Delivery Agent shall not be under any obligation to register or procure the 
registration of any holder of any Warrant, or any other person acting on behalf of such holder, 
or any other person, as the registered holder of any Deliverable Fund Shares in respect of such 
Warrant. 
No right to dividends on the Deliverable Fund Shares will accrue to Warrantholders prior to the 
Settlement Date. 
22. 
Terms for Rate Warrants 
This Condition 22 applies to Rate Warrants. 
22.1 
General Definitions 
(a) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Underlying is to be determined, the Underlying will be the relevant Underlying ISDA Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the purposes of this Condition 22, Underlying 
ISDA Rate means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as 
“Calculation Agent” (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) for that swap transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the relevant Calculation Period is as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the absence 
thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions for which purpose references to “Effective 
Date”, “Period End Date” and “Termination Date” (in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) shall be 
deemed to be to, respectively, the Issue Date, any Settlement Date and the last Settlement Date 
(as defined in these Conditions); 
(iii) 
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms is an Overnight Floating Rate Option 
and either Compounding or Averaging is specified as applicable in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
the relevant Reset Date is the relevant Settlement Date, unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Daily Capped Rate is as specified in the Final Terms; 
(c) 
the Daily Floored Rate is as specified in the Final Terms; 
(d) 
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, 
and if so, the applicable number of days is either (1) as specified in the Final 
Terms, or (2) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, five (5); 
(e) 
if Compounding is specified as applicable in the Final Terms: 
(1) 
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms; 
(2) 
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if so, the Lookback is either (x) as specified in 
the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, the number specified as the “Lookback” for the relevant

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such 
number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
(3) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, Set in Advance will be 
applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Day is as specified in the Final Terms, and 
the Observation Period Shift is either (x) as specified in the Final 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, the 
number specified as the “Observation Period Shift” for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such 
number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); and 
(4) 
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if so, Lockout Period Business Day is as specified 
in the Final Terms and the Lockout is either (x) as specified in the Final 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, the 
number specified as the “Lockout” for the relevant Floating Rate 
Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is 
specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); or 
(f) 
if Averaging is specified as applicable in the Final Terms: 
(1) 
Overnight Averaging will be applicable if specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
Averaging with Lookback will be applicable if specified as such in the 
Final Terms, and if so, the Lookback is either (x) as specified in the 
Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, the number specified as the “Lookback” for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such 
number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
(3) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, Set in Advance will be 
applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Day is as specified in the Final Terms and 
the Observation Period Shift is either (x) as specified in the Applicable 
Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, the number specified as the “Observation Period Shift” for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if 
no such number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five 
(5); and 
(4) 
Averaging with Lockout will be applicable if specified as such in the 
Final Terms, and if so, Lockout Period Business Day is as specified in 
the Final Terms and the Lockout is either (x) as specified in the Final 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, the 
number specified as the “Lockout” for the relevant Floating Rate 
Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is 
specified. relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); or 
(iv) 
Otherwise: 
(ii) the Designated Maturity is specified in the Final Terms; 
(iii) the relevant Fixing Day is the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(v) 
For the purposes of this sub paragraph (a) of Condition 22.1, except as otherwise defined in 
such sub paragraph, “Averaging with Lockout”, “Averaging with Lookback”, “Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift”, “Calculation Agent”, “Calculation Period”, “Compounding with 
Lockout”, “Compounding with Lookback”, “Compounding with Observation Period Shift”, 
“Daily Capped Rate”, “Daily Floored Rate”, “Delayed Payment”, “Designated Maturity”, 
“Effective Date”, “Fixing Day”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Floating Rate”, “Lockout Period 
Business Day”, “Lockout”, “Lookback”, “Observation Period Shift”, “OIS Compounding”, 
“Overnight Averaging”, “Overnight Floating Rate Option”, “Period End Date”, “Reset Date”, 
“Set in Advance” and “Termination Date” have the meanings given to those terms in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions, but with references, where applicable, to “the Confirmation” being read as 
“the Final Terms”. 
(vi) 
Where the 2021 ISDA Definitions state that the determination of the Floating Rate Option will 
be pursuant to any requirement for the Calculation Agent to request quotes from Reference 
Banks or major banks pursuant to the 2021 ISDA Definitions, such requirement to make 
requests for quotations for rates from, and the provision of quotations for rates by, the requisite 
number of Reference Banks, Reference Dealers or major banks may be effected by reference to 
and using quotations or tradable market prices which are made available by such Reference 
Banks, Reference Dealers or major banks via electronic data providers or electronic trading 
platforms. For the purposes of the preceding sentence, the terms “Reference Banks” shall have 
the meanings set out in the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
(vii) 
For the purpose of determining the relevant Underlying ISDA Rate, if an applicable rate has 
not been published on the relevant screen page and an Index Cessation Event (as defined in 
Condition 3) has not occurred, then the Calculation Agent will determine the applicable 
Floating Rate acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner using any available 
data which may include Relevant Market Data. Where an Index Cessation Event (as defined in 
Condition 3) has occurred, the provisions of Condition 22.2 shall apply. 
(b) 
Screen Rate Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Underlying is to be determined, the Underlying will, subject as provided below, be 
either: 
(i) 
if the Primary Source specified in the applicable Final Terms is a Page: 
(I) 
the offered quotations (where such Underlying on such Page is a 
composite quotation or is customarily supplied by one entity); or 
(II) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations; 
(ii) 
if the Page specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Primary Source permanently 
ceases to quote the Underlying(s) but such quotation(s) is/are available from another 
page, section or other part of such information service selected by the Calculation 
Agent (the “Replacement Page”), the Replacement Page shall be substituted as the 
Primary Source for the Underlying and if no Replacement Page exists but such 
quotation(s) is/are available from a page, section or other part of a different information 
service selected by the Calculation Agent and approved by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (the “Secondary Replacement Page”), the Secondary Replacement Page 
shall be substituted as the Primary Source for the Underlying; 
(iii) 
if the Primary Source specified in the applicable Final Terms is Reference Banks or if 
sub-paragraph (i)(I) applies and no quotation for the Underlying appears on the Page 
at the Relevant Time on the Rate Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (i)(I) above 
applies and fewer than two quotations for the Underlying appear on the Page at the 
Relevant Time on the Rate Determination Date, subject as provided below, the

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
quotation for the Underlying shall be the arithmetic mean of the Underlying which each 
of the Reference Banks specified in the applicable Final Terms is quoting to leading 
banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the Rate Determination 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iv) 
if sub-paragraph (iii) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are so quoting Underlyings then, subject as provided below, 
the quotation for the Underlying shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) that the Calculation Agent determines to be the rates (being 
the nearest equivalent to the Reference Rate) in respect of a Representative Amount (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the Settlement Currency that at least two 
out of five leading banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the Settlement Currency or, if the Settlement Currency is Euro, 
the Eurozone, (the “Principal Financial Centre”) are quoting at or about the Relevant 
Time on the date on which such banks would customarily quote such rates for a period 
commencing on the Effective Date for a period equivalent to the Specified Duration 
(x) to leading banks carrying on business in Europe, or (if the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in Europe) 
(y) to leading banks carrying on business in the Principal Financial Centre; except that, 
if fewer than two of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in the Principal 
Financial Centre, (i) the Underlying shall (unless otherwise specified) be the 
Underlying determined on the previous Rate Determination Date, or (ii) if the event 
resulting in the use of this sub-paragraph (iv) constitutes otherwise an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, Condition 22.2 shall be applied by the Calculation 
Agent. 
“Reference Rate(s)” means the rate(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the 
Underlying(s). 
“Rate Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Relevant Time” means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
22.2 
Benchmark Trigger Event 
(a) 
Definitions 
“Adjustment Spread” means, in respect of any series of Warrants, the adjustment, if any, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, any transfer of economic value from the relevant Issuer to the Warrantholders, or vice versa, 
as a result of the replacement made pursuant to Condition 22.2(b). Any such adjustment may take 
account of, without limitation, any anticipated transfer of economic value as a result of any difference 
in the term structure or tenor of the Alternative Post-nominated Index, Interpolated Benchmark Rate or 
Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index, as applicable, by comparison to the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark. Subject to Condition 22.2(b)(D), the Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero 
or determined pursuant to a formula or methodology. 
“Alternative Post-nominated Index” means, in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark, any index, 
benchmark or other price source which is formally designated, nominated or recommended by: 
(a) 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Rate Benchmark, provided that the market or 
economic reality that such index, benchmark or other price source measures is substantially the same 
as that measured by the Relevant Rate Benchmark,

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
in each case, to replace the Relevant Rate Benchmark. If a replacement is designated or nominated 
under both sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) above, then the replacement under sub-paragraph (a) shall be the 
Alternative Post-nominated Index. 
“Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index” means, in respect of a Relevant Rate 
Benchmark, the index, benchmark, other price source, rate or fallback (which may include, without 
limitation, the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference banks selected by the Calculation 
Agent or a rate calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with a methodology determined by 
the Calculation Agent) that the Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially reasonable 
alternative for the Relevant Rate Benchmark. 
“Corresponding Tenor” with respect to an Interpolated Benchmark Rate means a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the then-current Relevant Rate Benchmark. 
“Interpolated Benchmark Rate” with respect to the Relevant Rate Benchmark means the rate 
determined for the Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (1) the Relevant 
Rate Benchmark for the longest period for which the Relevant Rate Benchmark is available that is 
shorter than the Corresponding Tenor and (2) the Relevant Rate Benchmark for the shortest period for 
which the Relevant Rate Benchmark is available that is longer than the Corresponding Tenor. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Relevant Rate Benchmark is denominated or any 
central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark or the administrator of the Relevant Rate Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (i) the central bank for the 
currency in which the Relevant Rate Benchmark is denominated, (ii) any central bank or other 
supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Relevant Rate Benchmark or the 
administrator of the Relevant Rate Benchmark, (iii) a group of those central banks or other 
supervisors or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Relevant Rate Benchmark” means, in respect of any series of Warrants: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option including, where appropriate and without limitation, any related 
component or underlying rate (including, for the purposes of the 2021 ISDA Definitions any Underlying 
Benchmark, as defined therein), tenor or index rate; 
(b) 
the relevant Page (or, if applicable, the index, Benchmark or other price source that is referred 
to in the relevant Page); or 
(c) 
any other index, Benchmark or price source specified as a “Relevant Rate Benchmark” in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
To the extent that (i) the Alternative Post-nominated Index, (ii) the Interpolated Benchmark Rate or (iii) 
the Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index, applies pursuant to Condition 22(b) below as 
applicable, it shall be a Relevant Rate Benchmark from the day on which it first applies. 
(b) 
Provisions related to Benchmark Trigger Event 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination or ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Underlying is to be determined, if a Benchmark 
Trigger Event occurs in relation to a Relevant Rate Benchmark, the Calculation Agent 
shall elect to take one of the actions described in sub-paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) below, 
or to the extent that the Calculation Agent does not consider it commercially reasonable 
or possible to apply any one of those options or any of the outcomes produced by 
applying any of those options, the Calculation Agent may elect to apply the option in

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
sub-paragraph (iv) below, in each case with the applied option taking effect from (and 
including) the Business Day immediately following the date of the relevant election as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (the “Relevant Cut-Off Date”): 
(i) 
If there is an Alternative Post-nominated Index and the Calculation Agent 
elects to apply this option, (A) the Relevant Rate Benchmark will be replaced 
with the Alternative Post-nominated Index, (B) the Calculation Agent shall 
apply the Adjustment Spread to the Alternative Post-nominated Index and (C) 
the Calculation Agent may, after taking into account any Adjustment Spread, 
make such other adjustments to any of the Conditions as are necessary to 
account for the effect on the Warrants of referencing the Alternative Post-
nominated Index. 
Notwithstanding the above, if, in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark, more than one 
Relevant Nominating Body formally designates, nominates or recommends (I) an Alternative 
Post-nominated Index or (II) in respect of the same Alternative Post-nominated Index, a spread 
or methodology for calculating a spread in relation to the replacement of the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark with that Alternative Post-nominated Index, in each case by close of business on 
the Relevant Cut-Off Date, and those designations, nominations or recommendations are not 
the same, then the Calculation Agent cannot elect to apply the option described in this Condition 
22.2(b)(A)(i). 
(ii) 
If there is a Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index and the 
Calculation Agent elects to apply this option, (A) the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark will be replaced with the Calculation Agent Nominated 
Replacement Index, (B) the Calculation Agent shall apply the Adjustment 
Spread to the Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index and (C) the 
Calculation Agent may, after taking into account any Adjustment Spread, make 
such other adjustments to any of the Conditions as are necessary to account for 
the effect on the Warrants of referencing the Calculation Agent Nominated 
Replacement Index. 
(ii) 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Interest Rate is to be determined, where applicable and if the 
Calculation Agent elects to apply this option, (A) the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark will be replaced with the Interpolated Benchmark Rate, (B) the 
Calculation Agent shall apply the Adjustment Spread to the Interpolated 
Benchmark Rate and (C) the Calculation Agent may, after taking into account 
any Adjustment Spread, make such other adjustments to any of the Conditions 
as are necessary to account for the effect on the Warrants of referencing the 
Interpolated Benchmark Rate. 
(iii) 
If the Calculation Agent elects to apply this option, upon giving notice to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10, the Issuer shall redeem all 
but not some only of the Warrants, each Warrant being redeemed by payment 
of an amount equal to the Early Settlement Amount. 
(B) 
If, following a Benchmark Trigger Event, the Relevant Rate Benchmark is required for 
any determination in respect of any Warrant and, at that time, the Calculation Agent 
has not elected to take one of the actions in Condition 22.2(b)(A), then, for the purposes 
of that determination: 
(1) 
other than where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Underlying is to be determined: 
(i) 
if:

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(a) 
in relation to an Index Cessation Event, the Relevant Rate Benchmark 
is still available; or 
(b) 
in relation to an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Administrator/ 
Benchmark Event Date has not yet occurred, 
the level of the Relevant Rate Benchmark shall be determined pursuant to the 
terms that would apply to the determination of the Relevant Rate Benchmark 
as if no Benchmark Trigger Event had occurred, 
(ii) 
if (A) the Relevant Rate Benchmark is no longer available or (B) the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date has occurred, the level of the Relevant 
Rate Benchmark shall be determined pursuant to the fallback(s), if any, 
provided in the Conditions of the Warrants to determine a level for the Relevant 
Rate Benchmark in circumstances in which the Relevant Rate Benchmark is 
not available and no Benchmark Trigger Event has occurred; or 
(iii) 
 if a level for the Relevant Rate Benchmark cannot be determined under sub-
paragraph (i) or (ii) above, as applicable, the level of the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark shall be determined by reference to the rate published in respect of 
the Relevant Rate Benchmark at the time at which the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark is ordinarily determined on (A) the day on which the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark ceased to be available or (B) the Administrator/Benchmark Event 
Date, as applicable, or, if no rate is published at that time or that rate cannot be 
used in accordance with applicable laws or regulations, the level of the Relevant 
Rate Benchmark shall be determined by reference to the rate published at that 
time on the last day on which the rate was published or can be used in 
accordance with applicable laws or regulations, as applicable. 
(2) 
where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Underlying is to be determined: 
(i) 
if the Relevant Rate Benchmark is still available, and it is still permitted under 
applicable law or regulation for the Warrants to reference the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark and for the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the Calculation Agent to 
use the Relevant Rate Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations 
under the Warrants, the level of the Relevant Rate Benchmark shall be 
determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to the determination of the 
Relevant Rate Benchmark as if no Benchmark Trigger Event had occurred and 
for the avoidance of doubt, for the purposes of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, on 
the basis that no permanent cessation event or Administrator/Benchmark Event 
(as defined therein) had occurred thereunder;  
(ii) 
if the Relevant Rate Benchmark is no longer available or it is no longer 
permitted under applicable law or regulation applicable to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and/or to the Calculation Agent for the Warrants to reference the 
Relevant Rate Benchmark or for any such entity to use the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the Warrants, 
the level of the Relevant Rate Benchmark shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion (notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary in the Conditions), after consulting any source it deems to be 
reasonable, as (a) a substitute or successor rate that it has determined is the 
industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate for the 
relevant Relevant Rate Benchmark (including any temporary substitute or 
successor rate) or the rate published at the relevant time on the last day on which

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
the Relevant Rate Benchmark was published or was permitted to be used in 
accordance with applicable law or regulation (the “Last Permitted Rate”) or 
(b) if it determines there is no such industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) 
substitute or successor rate or the use of the Last Permitted Rate would not 
produce a commercially reasonable result, a substitute or successor rate that it 
determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark, taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related 
market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). If such Relevant 
Rate Benchmark is determined as any such substituted or successor rate, the 
Calculation Agent may determine such other amendments to the Warrants 
which it considers are necessary and/or appropriate in order to reflect the 
replacement of the Relevant Rate Benchmark with such substituted or successor 
rate. 
(C) 
If, in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark, (i) an event or circumstance which would 
otherwise constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event also constitutes 
an Index Cessation Event or (ii) an Index Cessation Event and an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event would otherwise be continuing at the same time, such 
circumstance will, in either case, constitute an Index Cessation Event and will not 
constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event, provided that, if the date 
that would otherwise have been the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date would have 
occurred before the Relevant Rate Benchmark is no longer available, Condition 
22.2(b)(A) shall apply as if an Administrator/Benchmark Event had occurred. 
(D) 
For the purposes of Condition 22.2(b)(A), the Adjustment Spread shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent, provided that, in relation to an Alternative Post-nominated 
Index, if a spread or methodology for calculating a spread has been formally 
designated, nominated or recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body in relation 
to the replacement of the Relevant Rate Benchmark with the Alternative Post-
nominated Index, then that spread shall apply or that methodology shall be used to 
determine the Adjustment Spread, as applicable. 
(E) 
If, in respect of any Warrant, where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Underlying is to be determined, the 
methodology or formula in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, for the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark, or other means of calculating the Relevant Rate Benchmark, is changed, 
the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and any Warrantholder acknowledge that, 
references to that Relevant Rate Benchmark shall be to the Relevant Rate Benchmark 
as changed. 
(F) 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act, make a determination or to exercise 
judgement in any way under this Condition, it will do so in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
If, in respect of any Warrant: 
(i) 
it is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or regulation 
to determine the Relevant Rate Benchmark in accordance with any applicable 
fallback (or it would be unlawful were a determination to be made at such 
time); 
(ii) 
it would contravene any applicable licensing requirements to determine the 
Relevant Rate Benchmark in accordance with any applicable fallback (or it 
would contravene those licensing requirements were a determination to be 
made at such time); or

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Adjustment Spread is or would be a 
benchmark, index or other price source whose production, publication, 
methodology or governance would subject the Calculation Agent or the 
relevant Issuer to material additional regulatory obligations, 
then the Relevant Rate Benchmark shall be determined in accordance with the next 
applicable fallback (applied in accordance with its terms) provided that, in respect of 
sub-paragraph (i) and (ii) above, the next applicable fallback shall be the first applicable 
fallback that complies with the applicable law, regulation or licensing requirements. 
The relevant Issuer shall give notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10 of the action that 
the Calculation Agent has elected to take (together with the details on the replacement Relevant Rate Benchmark 
if any) as a result of the occurrence of any Benchmark Trigger Event in accordance with this Condition. 
22.3 
Particular Provisions 
(a) 
Definitions 
“Additional Disruption Event” means any of a Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost 
of Hedging. 
“Change in Law” means, if specified as applicable in the Final Terms, that on or after the Trade Date: 
(A) on account of the adoption of or any change to any Applicable Regulation, or (B) on account of the 
promulgation or change in the interpretation or application of any Applicable Regulation by any court, 
tribunal, regulatory or tax authority, exchange or governmental authority with competent jurisdiction 
of any Applicable Regulation: 
(i) 
the Issuer or Calculation Agent determines in its sole discretion that it is unable to fulfil its 
obligations under the Warrants or that it is illegal or contrary to any Applicable Regulation for 
it or any of its affiliates or other entities affected by the Hedging Agreements to hold, acquire 
or dispose of Hedging Arrangements in relation to such Warrants; or 
(ii) 
there is a significant increase in the costs to it and/or to its affiliates (including, but without 
limitation to, increases related to any taxation law or any solvency or capital requirement) of 
holding, decreases in tax benefits (or other adverse effects on its tax position), acquiring or 
disposing of Hedging Arrangements or any requirements in relation to reserves, special 
deposits, insurance assessments or other requirements in relation to such Warrants. 
“Hedging Agreements” means all hedge agreements concluded by the Issuer and/or any of its 
respective affiliates or other entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements concluded at any time in 
order to hedge the Warrants, including, but not restricted to, the purchase and/or sale of all transferable 
securities, all options or all futures contracts on these transferable securities, all certificates of deposit 
in respect of these transferable securities, and all corresponding transactions on currencies.  
“Hedging Disruption” means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that the Issuer 
and/or any one of its affiliates or all entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements, is/are unable, 
despite commercially reasonable efforts, (A) to acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s), any asset(s) or any contract(s) that they may deem necessary 
in order to cover the risk arising from that entity concluding and satisfying its obligations by virtue of 
the Warrants, or (B) to realise, recover or pay the income from such transaction(s) or contract(s) relative 
to the Warrants. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that the 
Issuer and/or any one of its affiliates or other entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements, incur(s) 
an amount of duties, taxes, costs or commissions (other than brokerage commissions) which is 
substantially increased (compared to the circumstances existing on the Trade Date) in order (A) to 
acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, maintain, unwind or transfer any transaction(s) or any asset(s) 
which they may deem necessary to hedge the risk (in particular but not limited to exchange and interest 
rate risks) of the Issuer or any third party or affiliate with whom the Issuer enters into a hedging

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
transaction on account of the conclusion and satisfaction of its obligations by virtue of the Warrants, or 
(B) to realise, recover or pay the income from such transaction or transactions or from such asset or 
assets, provided that any substantially increased amount incurred exclusively on account of 
deterioration of the solvency of the Issuer and/or of any of its affiliates or of other entities concerned 
by the Hedging Agreements shall not be deemed to constitute an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
(b) 
Consequences 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
settle the Warrants upon prior notification to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10. If 
the Warrants are thus settled, the Issuer shall upon such settlement pay to the Warrantholders an amount 
determined to be the fair market value of the Warrants based on the market conditions prevailing at the 
date of determination taking account of the Additional Disruption Event, minus the reasonable costs to 
the Issuer and/or its affiliates or other entities affected by the Hedging Agreements of unwinding 
underlying Hedging Arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion. 
Warrantholders shall be notified of each such payment in accordance with Condition 10. 
23. 
Terms for Currency Warrants 
This Condition 23 applies to Currency Warrants. 
23.1 
General Definitions 
“Domestic Currency” means a currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Exchange Rate Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks are open (or would have 
been open in the absence of the occurrence of a General Adjustment Event) for trading (including 
trading relating to exchanges in accordance with the practices on that exchange market) in the financial 
centres specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the relevant currency(ies). 
“Exchange Rate Source” means, in respect of a Reference Exchange Rate, the published source, the 
seller or supplier of information containing or reporting the exchange rate or rates, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Fallback Period” means the number of days specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the absence 
of such specification, one Exchange Rate Business Day. 
“Fallback Reference Rate” means the exchange rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Final FX Determination Date” means, in respect of an FX, the FX Determination Date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not an Exchange Rate Business Day for the relevant 
FX, the Exchange Rate Business Day immediately following such date, or immediately preceding such 
date if specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Final FX Averaging Dates” means, in respect of an FX, the FX Determination Dates specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any of such dates is not an Exchange Rate Business Day for 
the relevant FX, the Exchange Rate Business Day immediately following such date, or immediately 
preceding such date if specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Final Price” means, in respect of an FX: 
(a) 
if a Final FX Determination Date is applicable and specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
value of the relevant Reference Exchange Rate on the applicable Final FX Determination Date; 
or 
(b) 
if Final FX Averaging Dates are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation Agent of the respective values of the 
relevant Reference Exchange Rate on each applicable Final FX Averaging Date. 
“Foreign Currency” means a currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“FX” means an exchange rate that is the value of one unit of the Foreign Currency, expressed in units 
of the Domestic Currency. 
“FX Determination Date” means any FX Strike Date, FX Strike Averaging Dates, Final FX 
Determination Date, Final FX Averaging Dates, or any other date(s) specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, applicable to the relevant Reference Exchange Rate. Such date(s) shall, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and if the relevant date is not an Exchange Rate Business Day, be adjusted 
so as to fall on either the preceding or the following Exchange Rate Business Day, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“FX Determination Time” means, in respect of a Reference Exchange Rate and as the case may be an 
FX Determination Date, the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such time is 
specified, the time at which the Reference Exchange Rate is determined for publication on the relevant 
Exchange Rate Source, or if such time is not specified the time at which the relevant Reference 
Exchange Rate is published by the Exchange Rate Source. 
“FX Strike Date” means, in respect of an FX, an FX Determination Date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not an Exchange Rate Business Day for the relevant FX, the 
Exchange Rate Business Day immediately following such date, or immediately preceding such date if 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“FX Strike Averaging Dates” means, in respect of an FX, the FX Determination Dates specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any of such dates is not an Exchange Rate Business Day for 
the relevant FX, the Exchange Rate Business Day immediately following such date, or immediately 
preceding such date if specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Initial Price” means, in respect of an FX, the value specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the absence thereof: 
(a) 
if an FX Strike Date is applicable and specified in the applicable Final Terms, the value of the 
relevant Reference Exchange Rate on the applicable FX Strike Date; or 
(b) 
if FX Strike Averaging Dates are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation Agent of the respective values of the 
relevant Reference Exchange Rate on each applicable FX Strike Averaging Date. 
“Maximum Specified Disrupted Days” means the number of days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, failing this, five Exchange Rate Business Days. 
“Relevant Currency Benchmark” means, in respect of any series of Warrants: 
(a) any Reference Exchange Rate; or 
(b) any other index, rate or price source specified as a “Relevant Currency Benchmark” in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 “Reference Exchange Rate(s)” means the exchange rate(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, determined as at the FX Determination Date and published by the Exchange Rate Source at or 
as at the FX Determination Time. 
“Trade Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
23.2 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a) 
Knock-in Event 
“Knock-in Event” means, in respect of the relevant FX, that the value of the relevant Reference 
Exchange Rate, determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Determination Time on any 
Knock-in Determination Day is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) “greater than”, (ii) 
“greater than or equal to”, (iii) “less than” or (iv) “less than or equal to” the Knock-in Price.

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
If “Knock-in Event” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms in respect of the relevant FX, then, 
unless otherwise specified in such Final Terms, payment and/or delivery under the relevant Warrants 
resulting from the occurrence of such Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon such occurrence. 
“Knock-in Price” means, in respect of the relevant FX and, as the case may be, a Knock-in 
Determination Period, the value of the relevant FX specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions set forth in Conditions 23.3, 23.4, 23.5, 23.7, 
23.9 and 23.10. 
“Knock-in Determination Day” means any FX Determination Date during the Knock-in 
Determination Period subject to “Consequences of the occurrence of a General Adjustment Event” set 
forth in Condition 23.9. 
“Knock-in Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-in Period Beginning Date” means, in respect of the relevant FX, the date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date is not an Exchange Rate Business 
Day, the next following Exchange Rate Business Day. 
“Knock-in Period Ending Date” means, in respect of the relevant FX, the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date is not an Exchange Rate Business Day, 
the immediately preceding Exchange Rate Business Day. 
“Knock-in Valuation Time” means, in respect of the relevant FX, the time or period of time on any 
Knock-in Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, in the event that the 
applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall 
be the relevant FX Determination Time. 
(b) 
Knock-out Event 
“Knock-out Event” means, in respect of the relevant FX, that the value of the relevant Reference 
Exchange Rate, determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out Determination Time on any 
Knock-out Determination Day is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) “greater than”, (ii) 
“greater than or equal to”, (iii) “less than” or (iv) “less than or equal to” the Knock-in Price. 
If “Knock-out Event” is specified as applicable in the Final Terms in respect of the relevant FX, then, 
unless otherwise specified in such Final Terms, payment and/or delivery under the relevant Warrants 
resulting from the absence of such Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon such absence. 
“Knock-out Price” means, in respect of the relevant FX and, as the case may be, a Knock-out 
Determination Period, the value of the relevant FX specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions set forth in Conditions 23.3, 23.4, 23.5, 23.7, 
23.9 and 23.10. 
“Knock-out Determination Day” means any FX Determination Date during the Knock-out 
Determination Period subject to “Consequences of the occurrence of a General Adjustment Event” set 
forth in Condition 23.9. 
“Knock-out Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-out Period Beginning Date” means, in respect of the relevant FX, the date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date is not an Exchange Rate 
Business Day, the next following Exchange Rate Business Day. 
“Knock-out Period Ending Date” means, in respect of the relevant FX, the date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date is not an Exchange Rate Business 
Day, the immediately preceding Exchange Rate Business Day.

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Knock-out Valuation Time” means, in respect of the relevant FX, the time or period of time on any 
Knock-in Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, in the event that the 
applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time 
shall be the relevant FX Determination Time. 
23.3 
Alternative source of Reference Exchange Rate 
If, on an FX Determination Date, a Reference Exchange Rate is not published by the Exchange Rate 
Source, but is published or disseminated on such date by other sources of information, such Reference 
Exchange Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent based on such other sources of information 
available. 
23.4 
Successor Exchange Rate 
If at any time, on or after the Issue Date, any one of the Reference Exchange Rates indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms is replaced by another rate published, supervised, recognised, disseminated or 
adopted by a public authority or any other body governed by public or private law responsible for 
regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) in the Reference Exchange Rate 
Jurisdiction, the Calculation Agent shall use such new rate. 
“Reference Exchange Rate Jurisdiction” means the jurisdiction specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
23.5 
Change in Currency 
If, at any time, on or after the Issue Date, a Settlement Currency, an Underlying Currency or a currency 
referred to in a Reference Exchange Rate which was prior thereto legal tender in the country or the zone 
concerned (the “Original Currency”) is removed, converted, reissued, exchanged or otherwise 
replaced in favour of a successor currency becoming legal tender in the country or zone concerned (the 
“Successor Currency”), the Calculation Agent shall proceed with the conversion of the Original 
Currency into the Successor Currency, using the conversion or exchange rate established, recognised 
and used for these purposes by the country or the zone concerned, on the most recent date on which the 
removal, conversion, reissue, exchange or replacement concerned occurred. 
23.6 
Specific Adjustment Event 
The occurrence of one of the two events below constitutes a “Specific Adjustment Event” if specified 
as a Specific Adjustment Event in the applicable Final Terms: 
“Exchange Rate Disruption” means the occurrence of any event or condition (notably any Change in 
Law (as defined below) or any government action) which, according to the Calculation Agent, acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, renders it impossible, illegal or impracticable 
(i) to convert the Settlement Currency into the Underlying Currency using the usual statutory methods, 
or (ii) for non-residents of the Underlying Currency Jurisdiction, to convert the Underlying Currency 
into the Settlement Currency under conditions which are as favourable as those generally available for 
the residents of the Underlying Currency Jurisdiction, or (iii) for the residents or non-residents of the 
Underlying Currency Jurisdiction, to transfer funds, including funds in a currency other than the 
Underlying Currency, from accounts situated in the Underlying Currency Jurisdiction to accounts 
situated outside the Underlying Currency Jurisdiction, or between accounts situated in the Underlying 
Currency Jurisdiction or by or to non-residents of the Underlying Currency Jurisdiction; and 
“Non-deliverability of the Settlement Currency” means the situation in which, at the time where any 
payment is due under the Warrants (each a “Required Payment”), the Settlement Currency (i) is no 
longer used by the government of the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction for the payment of public and 
private debts, or (ii) is no longer used for settlement of transactions by public institutions in the 
Settlement Currency Jurisdiction or within the international banking community, or (iii) is no longer 
considered available when any Required Payment is due, on account of circumstances which are beyond 
the Issuer’s control.

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
For the purposes of this Condition 23, “Underlying Currency”, “Settlement Currency”, “Underlying 
Currency Jurisdiction” and “Settlement Currency Jurisdiction” have respectively the same 
meanings as those provided for in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Underlying Currency” refers to the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Settlement Currency” refers to the currency specified as such in the Final Terms, in which some or 
all of the payments under the Warrants, shall be made. 
Underlying Currency Jurisdiction and Settlement Currency Jurisdiction respectively shall be construed 
accordingly. 
23.7 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Specific Adjustment Event 
On or after the occurrence of a Specific Adjustment Event, the Issuer may fulfil its obligations in respect 
of a Required Payment by making such Required Payment in the Fallback Payment Currency, converted 
from the Settlement Currency to the Fallback Payment Currency, on the basis of the Fallback Reference 
Rate (the “Fallback Payment Amount”). Any payment made in accordance with this Condition 23 in 
the Fallback Payment Currency shall constitute a valid payment satisfying the original payment 
obligation and shall not constitute default in respect of the Warrants. Communications, opinions, 
decisions, calculations, proposals and decisions handed down, expressed, issued or obtained from or by 
the Issuer in accordance with this Condition 23, shall be done so at its sole discretion and shall (in the 
absence of manifest error, wilful misconduct or bad faith) be decisive and binding upon the Issuer, the 
Agents and the Warrantholders. Investors shall be deemed to have been informed of and having 
approved this Condition 23 and as having waived the assertion of any current or potential conflict of 
interests which might arise as a result of calculation of the Fallback Payment Amount by the Issuer. 
For the purposes of this Condition 23, “Fallback Payment Currency” and “Fallback Reference Rate” 
have respectively the same meanings as those provided for in the applicable Final Terms. 
23.8 
General Adjustment Event 
The occurrence of a General Adjustment Event shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good 
faith, acting reasonably. 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Warrantholders as soon as possible, in accordance with 
Condition 10, of the occurrence of a General Adjustment Event. 
“General Adjustment Event” means, with respect to an FX Determination Date and any Reference 
Exchange Rate, the occurrence or continuing of one or more of the following events as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) Price Source Disruption; and 
(ii) Substantial Rate Discrepancy. 
“Price Source Disruption” means the occurrence of (a) any event or condition whereby it becomes 
impossible to obtain the Reference Exchange Rate or Rates or (b) an Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
“Substantial Rate Discrepancy” means the situation in which the discrepancy between the applicable 
Comparison Rates is greater than the Maximum Rate Discrepancy. 
“Comparison Rates” means the exchange rates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Maximum Rate Discrepancy” means the maximum discrepancy between the Comparison Rates as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
23.9 
Consequences of the occurrence of a General Adjustment Event 
If on any FX Determination Date a General Adjustment Event occurs, the Calculation Agent, acting 
reasonably, but in its sole discretion, shall apply the Disruption Fallback Rules for the applicable 
General Adjustment Events, applying such Disruption Fallback Rules in accordance with the order

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and if none is specified, then “Determination by the Calculation 
Agent” (as described below) shall apply. 
“Disruption Fallback Rules” in case of General Adjustment Events means one of the three following 
sources or methods of determination of the relevant exchange rates: 
“FX Determination Date Delay” means that the Calculation Agent shall determine that the FX 
Determination Date shall be the first Exchange Rate Business Date following the FX Determination 
Date concerned which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each day included in the number of consecutive 
Exchange Rate Business Days, corresponding to the number of Maximum Specified Disrupted Days 
immediately after the FX Determination Date concerned, is a Disrupted Day, in which case the 
Calculation Agent shall determine that the last consecutive Exchange Rate Business Day shall be 
deemed to be the FX Determination Date and shall apply the next Disruption Fallback Rule for the 
General Adjustment Event in accordance with the order specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Application of the Fallback Rate” means that the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Reference 
Rate indicated in the applicable Final Terms. If the Fallback Rate is not available on the Exchange Rate 
Business Day after the end of the Fallback Period, the Calculation Agent shall apply the next Disruption 
Fallback Rule for the General Adjustment Event in accordance with the order specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
“Determination by the Calculation Agent” means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the FX 
(or a method to determine the FX) in a commercially reasonable way, taking account of all the available 
information which, in good faith, it deems suitable. 
23.10 Additional Disruption Events applicable to all Currency Warrants 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
settle the Warrants upon prior notification to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10. If 
the Warrants are thus settled, the Issuer shall upon such settlement pay to the Warrantholders an amount 
determined to be the fair market value of the Warrants based on the market conditions prevailing at the 
date of determination taking account of the Additional Disruption Event, minus the reasonable costs to 
the Issuer and/or its affiliates or other entities affected by the Hedging Agreements of unwinding 
underlying Hedging Arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion. 
Warrantholders shall be notified of each such payment in accordance with Condition 10. 
“Additional Disruption Event” means any of a Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost 
of Hedging. 
“Change in Law” means, if specified as applicable in the Final Terms, that on or after the Trade Date: 
(A) on account of the adoption of or any change to any Applicable Regulation, or (B) on account of the 
promulgation or change in the interpretation or application of any Applicable Regulation by any court, 
tribunal, regulatory or tax authority, exchange or governmental authority with competent jurisdiction 
of any Applicable Regulation: 
(i) 
the Issuer or Calculation Agent determines in its sole discretion that it is unable to fulfil its 
obligations under the Warrants or that it is illegal or contrary to any Applicable Regulation for 
it or any of its affiliates or other entities affected by the Hedging Agreements to hold, acquire 
or dispose of Hedging Arrangements in relation to such Warrants; or 
(ii) 
there is a significant increase in the costs to it and/or to its affiliates (including, but without 
limitation to, increases related to any taxation law or any solvency or capital requirement) of 
holding, decreases in tax benefits (or other adverse effects on its tax position), acquiring or 
disposing of Hedging Arrangements or any requirements in relation to reserves, special 
deposits, insurance assessments or other requirements in relation to such Warrants. 
“Hedging Disruption” means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and/or 
any one of its affiliates or all entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements, is/are unable, despite 
commercially reasonable efforts, (A) to acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, maintain, unwind or

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
dispose of any transaction(s), any asset(s) or any contract(s) that they may deem necessary in order to 
cover the risk arising from that entity concluding and satisfying its obligations by virtue of the Warrants, 
or (B) to realise, recover or pay the income from such transaction(s) or contract(s) relative to the 
Warrants. 
“Hedging Agreements” means all hedge agreements concluded by the Issuer and/or any of its 
respective affiliates or other entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements concluded at any time in 
order to hedge the Warrants, including, but not restricted to, the purchase and/or sale of all transferable 
securities, all options or all futures contracts on these transferable securities, all certificates of deposit 
in respect of these transferable securities, and all corresponding transactions on currencies.  
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that the 
Issuer and/or any one of its affiliates or other entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements, incur(s) 
an amount of duties, taxes, costs or commissions (other than brokerage commissions) which is 
substantially increased (compared to the circumstances existing on the Trade Date) in order (A) to 
acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, maintain, unwind or transfer any transaction(s) or any asset(s) 
which they may deem necessary to hedge the risk (in particular but not limited to exchange and interest 
rate risks) of the Issuer or any third party or affiliate with whom the Issuer enters into a hedging 
transaction on account of the conclusion and satisfaction of its obligations by virtue of the Warrants, or 
(B) to realise, recover or pay the income from such transaction or transactions or from such asset or 
assets, provided that any substantially increased amount incurred exclusively on account of 
deterioration of the solvency of the Issuer and/or of any of its affiliates or of other entities concerned 
by the Hedging Agreements shall not be deemed to constitute an Increased Cost of Hedging.

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
24. 
Terms for Credit Linked Warrants 
This Condition 24 applies to Credit Linked Warrants. These Terms apply if and as the applicable Final 
Terms specify. 
24.1 
General 
(a) 
Provisions concerning Credit Events 
The Final Terms shall specify: 
(i) the type of credit linked warrants (“CLWs”); 
(ii) the Settlement Method; 
(iii) the Reference Entity or the Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event may arise and 
whether the CLW Position is a Long Position or a Short Position; 
(iv) the Reference Obligation or the Reference Obligations (if there are any) in respect of each 
Reference Entity; 
(v) the Observation Period Initial Reference Date and the Observation Period Final Reference Date 
in respect of each Reference Entity; 
(vi) the Trade Date and the Scheduled Expiration Date; 
(vii) 
where appropriate, the Transaction Type applicable to each Reference Entity; 
(viii) 
where appropriate, the Reference Entity Notional Weight in respect of each Reference 
Entity; and 
(ix) for Index Basket CLWs, the Index and, where appropriate, the Index Notional Weight. 
(b) 
Physical Settlement Matrix 
If the relevant Final Terms specify a Transaction Type in respect of any Reference Entity, the provisions 
specified as applicable in respect of a Reference Entity in the Physical Settlement Matrix shall apply to 
such Reference Entity in the same way as if the Physical Settlement Matrix were reproduced in full in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(c) 
Basket CLWs 
If the CLWs are Basket CLWs, the provisions of this Condition 24 concerning the settlement of the 
CLWs following satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions or extension of the expiration date of the 
CLWs in the event of Expiration Date Extension Notice shall apply separately in respect of each 
Reference Entity, and to such part of the Notional Amount of each CLW corresponding to the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount concerned. The remaining provisions of this Condition 24 shall be interpreted 
accordingly. For the avoidance of doubt, Basket CLWs may, without limitation, be Index Basket CLWs. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of Condition 24.1(b) shall apply separately in respect of each 
Reference Entity of a Basket CLW. 
(d) 
Single Entity CLWs and Basket CLWs where a single Reference Entity or Reference Obligation 
represents 20% or more of the basket 
In the case of a Single Entity CLW and in the case of a Basket CLW where a single Reference Entity 
or Reference Obligation represents 20% or more of the basket, in the case of CLWs which are admitted 
to trading on a Regulated Market or offered on a non-exempt basis pursuant to Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”), then the Reference Entity (or issuer of the 
Reference Obligation) shall have securities already admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, 
equivalent third country market or SME growth market for purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
24.2 
Settlement  
(a) 
Settlement in the absence of satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions 
In the absence of the satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions, in respect of any Reference Entity, the 
Credit Settlement Amount applicable to each CLW (or, in the case of Basket CLWs, the relevant portion 
thereof) shall be determined as follows: 
(i) if the relevant CLW is a Short Position the Credit Settlement Amount shall be zero (or as 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms); or 
(ii) if the relevant CLW is a Long Position the Credit Settlement Amount shall be 100% of the pro 
rata share per Warrant of the Notional Amount, or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Credit Settlement Amount in respect of sub-paragraph (ii) above shall be payable on the Settlement 
Date and Automatic Exercise shall be applicable without delivery of an Exercise Notice. 
(b) 
Settlement following satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions 
Following satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions in respect of any Reference Entity, the Credit 
Settlement Amount applicable to each CLW (or, in the case of Basket CLWs, the relevant portion 
thereof) shall be determined as follows: 
(i) if the applicable Settlement Method is Auction Settlement, such CLW’s pro rata share of the AS 
Amount, unless prior to such settlement occurring a Fallback Settlement Event arises, in which case the 
Issuer shall fulfil its payment obligations in accordance with the Fallback Settlement Method. If the 
Settlement Conditions in respect of a new Credit Event are satisfied following the occurrence of a 
Fallback Settlement Event in respect of a first Credit Event, and if no Fallback Settlement Event arises 
in respect of such new Credit Event, the Issuer shall, if it so decides at the latest on the Valuation Date 
concerned, settle the CLWs in accordance with this Condition 24.2(b)(i), by means of Auction 
Settlement; or 
(ii) if the applicable Settlement Method is CS or if CS is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method, 
such CLW’s pro rata share of the CS Amount. 
In each case, the Credit Settlement Amount shall be payable on the Settlement Date. 
(c) 
Suspension of obligations 
If a DC Credit Event Question occurs, or if notification is delivered to the DC Secretary as provided for 
in the definition of DC Credit Event Question in relation to any Reference Entity, then (unless the Issuer 
(or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) otherwise decides by sending notification to the 
Warrantholders), as from the effective date of such notification (and notwithstanding the fact that the 
competent Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may not yet have still determined whether 
Publicly Available Information is available or whether a Credit Event has occurred) any obligation of 
the Issuer to settle any CLW (even under Condition 24.2(b)), shall be and shall remain suspended to the 
extent that it relates to the relevant Reference Entity, until the DC Secretary announces publicly that the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved in respect of such Reference Entity: 
(i) the relevant DC Credit Event Question; or 
(ii) a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal. 
During such period of suspension, the Issuer shall not be required to take any measure whatsoever in 
relation to the settlement of CLWs, in each case to the extent that it relates to the relevant Reference 
Entity. Once ISDA has publicly announced that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved the matters referred to in sub-paragraph (a) above or not to determine such matters, such 
suspension shall end and all obligations thus suspended shall resume on the CLW Business Day 
following such public announcement by ISDA, the Issuer having the benefit of the whole day 
irrespective of the time of commencement of the suspension.

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(d) 
General provisions relating to settlement 
For the purposes of Basket CLWs which are American Style or Bermudan Style, in the event of partial 
settlement, the outstanding Notional Amount of each CLW shall be reduced on a pro rata basis for all 
purposes to reflect such partial settlement. 
The settlement of any CLW in accordance with this Condition 24.2(d) shall discharge all of or the 
relevant portion of the Issuer’s obligations thereto. 
Any amount payable pursuant to Condition 24.2 shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
currency. 
Upon the occurrence of an Expiration Date, the Issuer will have no further obligations towards 
Warrantholders in respect of the CLWs, other than in respect of obligations which have become due on 
or prior to the Expiration Date but have yet to be performed. 
24.3 
Accrued Interest 
With respect to CLWs for which “CS” is specified to be the Settlement Method in the applicable Final 
Terms (or if CS is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method), and: 
(i) “Include Accrued Interest” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Reference Obligation shall include accrued but unpaid interest; 
(ii) “Exclude Accrued Interest” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Reference Obligation shall not include accrued but unpaid interest; or 
(iii) “Market Practice” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine, based on the then current market practice in the market of the Reference Obligation 
whether the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation shall include or exclude 
accrued but unpaid interest and, if applicable, the amount thereof. 
24.4 
Interpretation of provisions relating to Obligations 
(i) Obligation Characteristics 
(A) 
If either of the Obligation Characteristic “Listed” or “Not Domestic Issuance” 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, or is applicable in respect of the 
Transaction Type concerned, the relevant Final Terms shall be interpreted as 
if the relevant Obligation Characteristic had only been specified as an 
Obligation Characteristic for Bonds. 
(B) 
If “Financial Reference Entity Terms” and “Governmental Intervention” are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if an obligation would 
otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation 
in effect at the time of making the determination which permit the Reference 
Entity’s obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in 
circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not 
cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such Obligation Characteristic or 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
(C) 
If “Subordinated European Insurance Terms” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy the 
“Maximum Maturity” Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of 
any Solvency Capital Provisions in such obligation shall not cause it to fail to 
satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic.

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(ii) Qualifying Guarantee 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following provisions 
shall apply: 
(A) 
For the purposes of application of the Obligation Category, the Relevant 
Guarantee shall be deemed to be described by the same category or categories 
as those describing the Underlying Obligation; 
(B) 
For the purposes of application of the Obligation Characteristics, both the 
Relevant Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation must satisfy, on the 
relevant date or dates, each of the Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, or applicable in respect of the relevant 
Transaction Type, from the following list: Not Subordinated, Credit Linked 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Listed, 
Not Domestic Issuance and Not Domestic Law; 
(D) 
For the purposes of application of the Obligation Characteristics or the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, only the Qualifying Guarantee must 
satisfy, on the relevant date or dates, the “Not Subordinated” Obligation 
Characteristic, if it is specified in the applicable Final Terms or is applicable 
in respect of the Transaction Type concerned; 
(iii) For the purposes of application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy, on the relevant date or dates, each of 
the Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms or applicable in 
respect of the Transaction Type concerned, from the following list: Listed and Not Domestic 
Issuance; and 
(iv) For the purposes of application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity are deemed to refer 
to the Underlying Obligor. 
(v) For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of this Condition 24.4 shall apply in respect of the 
definition of “Obligation” insofar as the context permits. 
24.5 
Succession Event 
(i) Single Entity CLWs 
If the CLWs are Single Entity CLWs and more than one Successor has been identified in respect 
of a Reference Entity, each CLW shall be deemed for all purposes to become a Basket CLW, 
under the following conditions: 
(A) 
each Successor shall be a Reference Entity for the purposes of the new Basket 
CLW deemed to result from such division; 
(B) 
the Reference Entity Notional Weight for each of the Successors shall be equal 
to the initial Reference Entity Notional Weight divided by the number of 
Successors and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for each of such 
Successors shall be determined accordingly; and 
(C) 
all the other Conditions of the original CLWs shall be reproduced in the new 
Basket CLW deemed to result from the Succession Event, except that the 
Calculation Agent shall make such modifications as it determines are required 
in order to preserve the economic effects of the original CLWs for the benefit 
of the new Basket CLW.

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(ii) Basket CLWs 
If the CLWs are Basket CLWs, and if one or more Successors have been identified in respect 
of a Reference Entity (the “Affected Entity”): 
(A) 
The Affected Entity shall no longer be a Reference Entity (unless it is a 
Successor); 
(B) 
Each Successor shall be deemed to be a Reference Entity (in addition to each 
Reference Entity that is not an Affected Entity); 
(C) 
The Reference Entity Notional Weight for each of such Successors shall be 
equal to the initial Reference Entity Notional Weight of the Affected Entity, 
divided by the number of Successors and the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount for each of such Successors shall be determined accordingly; 
(D) 
The Calculation Agent may make any changes to this Condition 24 required to 
preserve the economic effects of the obligations of the Issuer under the CLWs 
prior to the relevant Succession Event (considered in the aggregate); and 
(E) 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Reference Entity may, following a Succession 
Event, be represented in the reference portfolio with respect to several 
Reference Entity Notional Weights. 
(iii) Substitute Reference Obligations 
If: 
(A) 
a Reference Obligation is specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
one or more Successors to the relevant Reference Entity have been identified; 
and 
(C) 
one or more of such Successors have not assumed the Reference Obligation, 
a Substitute Reference Obligation shall be determined in accordance with the definition of 
“Substitute Reference Obligation”. 
24.6 
General provisions concerning CLWs 
(i) Determinations of the Calculation Agent 
The Calculation Agent’s determination of any amount or of any situation, any circumstance, 
any event or any other question, the formation of any opinion or exercise of any discretionary 
power that must or can be determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent under this 
Condition 24, respectively, shall be (except in the event of manifest error) final and binding on 
the Issuer and the Warrantholders. In exercising its duties in respect of the CLWs, the 
Calculation Agent shall act in its sole and absolute discretion and, save as expressly stipulated 
otherwise, shall not be required to follow the determinations of the competent Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee, or to act in accordance therewith. If the Calculation 
Agent is required to make any determination, it may, inter alia, decide issues of construction 
and legal interpretation. If the Calculation Agent chooses to rely on the determinations of the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, it may do so without incurring any liability. Any 
delay, deferral or forbearance in the performance of any of the obligations of the Calculation 
Agent or in the exercise of any of its discretions in respect of the CLWs, including, without 
limitation, the giving of any notification by the Calculation Agent to any person, shall not affect 
the validity or the binding nature of any subsequent performance of such obligation or of any 
subsequent exercise of such discretion, and neither the Calculation Agent nor the Issuer shall 
assume any liability in respect of or as a result of such delay, such deferral or such forbearance, 
except in the event of wilful misconduct or gross negligence.

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
If, where the Calculation Agent has followed a DC Resolution for the purposes of any 
calculation or determination relating to the CLWs, the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee announces publicly that such DC Resolution has been reversed by a subsequent DC 
Resolution, such reversal shall be taken into account for the purposes of any subsequent 
calculation. The Calculation Agent, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, shall make 
all necessary adjustments to future payments to take this reversal into account, including any 
amount payable in respect of the CLWs. 
With respect to any CLWs with Auction Settlement specified as the Settlement Method and in 
respect of which: (i) a “Restructuring” Credit Event has occurred; and (ii) there are multiple 
concurrent Auctions, the Calculation Agent may elect an Auction Final Price by reference to 
any of such concurrent Auctions. 
DC Resolution effect 
Any DC Resolution of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee that is 
applicable to such CLWs, including a DC Resolution that reverses a previous DC Resolution, 
shall be binding on the Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
provided that: 
(i) 
if the effect of a DC Resolution would be to reverse (A) a prior DC Resolution 
of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, (B) any 
determination made by the Calculation Agent that is effectively notified to the 
Issuer or the Warrantholders prior to the fifth Business Day which immediately 
precedes the Successor Resolution Request Date or a Substitute Reference 
Obligation Resolution Request Date, as applicable, or (C) the occurrence of a 
Credit Event Determination Date, that, in any case, has resulted in: 
(a) 
the identification of one or more Successors; 
(b) 
the identification of a Substitute Reference Obligation; or 
(c) 
the occurrence of an Auction Final Price Determination Date 
or Settlement Date, as applicable, or to the extent of the 
occurrence of a Valuation Date, in each case, on or prior to the 
date that the DC Secretary publicly announces such DC 
Resolution of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee, 
then such DC Resolution shall not be effective for purposes of the CLWs, or, 
in the case of a Valuation Date only, shall not be effective to the extent that a 
Valuation Date has occurred; and 
(ii) 
if the relevant Final Terms include any provision that seeks to amend or 
override the terms of this paragraph 24.6 by expressly referring in writing to 
this paragraph, then any DC Resolution shall not be effective for purposes of 
such CLW; and 
(b) 
notwithstanding: 
(i) 
that the Conditions, or any provisions incorporated in the applicable Final 
Terms, as applicable, may require such determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(ii) 
any provision in the Conditions that governs the relevant CLWs and/or the 
applicable Final Terms, as applicable, that describes an alternative mechanism

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
for resolving any matter that is Resolved by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee; 
(iii) 
that in order to reach such DC Resolution, the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee may be required to Resolve one or more factual 
matters before being able to reach such DC Resolution; and 
(iv) 
any actual or perceived conflict of interest on the part of a DC Party, legal 
counsel or other third-party professional hired by such DC Party in connection 
with such DC Party’s performance of its duties under the DC Rules. 
(ii) Changes to this Condition 24 in relation to adjustments 
The Calculation Agent, acting reasonably, may make changes to this Condition 24 directly 
resulting from adjustments made pursuant to the provisions of this Condition 24, such as the 
provisions concerning succession events in Condition 24.5 and to the extent necessary to ensure 
consistency with the prevailing market standards or market conventions. 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer and the Warrantholders of any such change as 
soon as is reasonably possible. 
In particular, the Calculation Agent may make any changes to this Condition 24 to incorporate 
and to reflect further or alternate documents (including such documents which amend, modify 
or supplement the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions on or after the date of their 
publication) from time to time published by ISDA with respect to credit derivatives transactions 
and/or the operation of determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
which the Calculation Agent determines, in a commercially reasonable manner, necessary or 
desirable to reflect market practice for credit derivatives transactions. 
(iii) Delivery of notices 
(A) 
Any notice or other communication given by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer must be in writing (including facsimile or email) or by telephone. 
(B) 
As soon as is reasonably possible following receipt of a Credit Event Notice or 
Notice of Publicly Available Information issued by the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer shall notify the Warrantholders without delay, or ensure that the 
Calculation Agent notifies the Warrantholders thereof on its behalf, in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 10 (Notices) of the Conditions. 
Resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are 
available, 
at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
on 
the 
website 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/. 
(iv) Effective date of notices 
Any notice referred to in Condition 24.6(iii), above, issued prior to 17:00 (Paris time) on a 
London and Paris Business Day shall take effect on that date, and if it is issued after that time 
or on a day other than a London and Paris Business Day, shall be deemed to take effect on the 
first following London and Paris Business Day. 
(v) Provisions relating to timing 
Subject to sub-paragraphs (iii) and (iv) above, and (vi) below, in order to determine the day on 
which an event occurs for purposes of this Condition 24, the demarcation of days shall be made 
by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity 
relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone in which such event occurred. Any 
event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to midnight.

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(vi) Payment timing 
Notwithstanding sub-paragraphs (iii) to (v) above, if a payment is not made by the Reference 
Entity on its due date or, as the case may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then 
such failure to make a payment shall be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight 
Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, 
Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone of its place of payment. 
(vii) 
Excess amounts 
If, on any date, the Calculation Agent determines reasonably that an excess amount has been 
paid to the Warrantholders at that date or prior thereto, then, after notifying the Issuer and the 
Warrantholders of the determination of an excess amount in accordance with Condition 10 
(Notices) of the Conditions, the Issuer may deduct such excess amount from future payments 
relating to the CLWs, acting within reason, as necessary to offset such excess amount. 
(viii) 
No Frustration 
In the absence of other reasons, a CLW will not be considered frustrated, or otherwise void or 
voidable (whether for mistake or otherwise) solely because: 
(A) 
any of the Reference Entity(ies) do(es) not exist on, or ceases to exist on or 
following, the Trade Date; and/or 
(B) 
any of the Obligations, Deliverable Obligations or the Reference Obligation(s) 
do not exist on, or cease to exist on or following, the Trade Date. 
24.7 
Definitions 
In this Condition 24: 
“Accelerated or Matured” means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, whether by 
reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise, is due and payable in full in accordance with 
the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and without regard to, any limitation imposed 
under any applicable insolvency laws. 
“Affected Entity” has the meaning given to this term in Condition 24.5(ii). 
“Annex Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“AS Amount” means, in relation to a Reference Entity, an amount stated in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent according to the following formulae (as applicable): 
(i) 
If the position taken in relation to a Reference Entity is a Long Position: 
AS Amount = Max [0, Min [N, (N x P)]] 
Where: 
“N” means the Reference Entity Notional Amount; and 
“P” means the Auction Final Price concerned. 
(ii) 
If the position taken in relation to a Reference Entity is a Short Position: 
AS Amount=Max [0,(N x (1-P))] 
 
Where:  
“N” means the Reference Entity Notional Amount; and 
“P” means the Auction Final Price concerned.

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“AS Date” means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms, being the later of either (i) the date 
determined in accordance with the Auction Settlement Transaction Terms or (ii) three London and Paris 
Business Days following the date of delivery of the Auction Settlement Amount Notice by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Assignable Loan” means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a minimum, 
commercial banks or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that are not 
then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, without the consent of the relevant 
Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if a 
Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent. 
“Auction” has the meaning given in the relevant Auction Settlement Transaction Terms. 
“Auction Cancellation Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Auction Settlement Transaction 
Terms. 
“Auction Covered Transaction” has the meaning given in the relevant Auction Settlement Transaction 
Terms. 
“Auction Final Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Auction Settlement Transaction Terms. 
“Auction Final Price Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Auction Settlement 
Transaction Terms. 
“Auction Settlement” means a type of Settlement Method as further described in this Condition 24. 
“Auction Settlement Amount Notice” means a notification which the Calculation Agent will give to 
the Issuer by the date 65 London and Paris Business Days after the Final List Publication Date at the 
latest, specifying: 
(i) the Auction Settlement Transaction Terms; and 
(ii) the AS Amount. 
The Issuer shall notify the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10 (Notices) of the Conditions 
upon receipt of such notification by the Calculation Agent. 
“Auction Settlement Transaction Terms” means the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
published by ISDA in respect of such Credit Event, and in respect of which the Notional Credit 
Derivative Transaction would be an Auction Covered Transaction (as such term will be set out in the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms). 
“Bankruptcy” means the Reference Entity: 
(i) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(ii) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or 
administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; 
(iii) makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors 
generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective; 
(iv) institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or 
any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors’ rights 
or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or 
petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition (A) results in a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up 
or liquidation or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty calendar 
days of the institution or presentation thereof or before the Expiration Date, whichever is earlier;

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(v) has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); 
(vi) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; 
(vii) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty calendar days thereafter or before 
the Expiration Date, whichever is earlier; or 
(viii) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has any analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub paragraphs (i) to (vii) above. 
“Basket CLW” means a CLW for which two or more Reference Entities are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, including Index Basket CLWs. 
“Best Available Information” means: 
(i) In the case of a Reference Entity that files information with its primary securities regulator or its primary 
stock exchange, including unconsolidated pro forma financial information that assumes that the 
Succession Event concerned has occurred or that provides such information to its shareholders, its 
creditors or any other persons that must approve the Succession Event, such unconsolidated pro forma 
financial information and, if provided subsequently to the provision of unconsolidated pro forma 
financial information but before the Calculation Agent determines the Successor or Successors 
concerned, other relevant information contained in any written communication provided by the 
Reference Entity to its primary securities regulator, to its primary stock exchange, to its shareholders, 
to its creditors or to any other persons that must approve the Succession Event; or 
(ii) In the case of a Reference Entity that does not file the information referred to in sub-paragraph (i) above 
with its primary securities regulator or its primary stock exchange, and does not provide such 
information to its shareholders, its creditors or other persons that must approve the Succession Event, 
the best publicly available information at the disposal of the Calculation Agent enabling it to determine 
the Successor or Successors concerned, 
it being understood that information made available more than 14 calendar days after the date on which 
the Succession Event takes legal effect shall not constitute “Best Available Information”. 
“Bond” means any obligation of a type included in the “Borrowed Money” Obligation Category which 
takes the form of or is represented by a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), 
certificated debt security or any other debt security, to the exclusion of any other type of Borrowed 
Money. 
“Bond or Loan” means any obligation which is either a Bond or a Loan. 
“Borrowed Money” means any obligation (excluding any obligation deriving from a revolving credit 
arrangement for which there are no outstanding unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the payment 
or repayment of borrowed money (this term including, without limitation, deposits and repayment 
obligations resulting from drawdowns made in respect of letters of credit). 
“CDX Index Basket CLW” means an Index Basket CLW specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“CLW Business Day” means, in respect of a Reference Entity, a day on which the merchant banks and 
the foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places specified for 
that purpose in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such Reference Entity, a T2 Business Day (if 
“T2 Business Day” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), or if such place or places 
are not so specified, a day on which the merchant banks and the foreign exchange markets are generally 
open to settle payments in the country of the currency of the Reference Entity Aggregate Amount.

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Conforming Reference Obligation” means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable Obligation 
determined in accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation. 
“Consent Required Loan” means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated with the consent 
of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant 
borrower if a Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent. 
“Convertible Obligation” means any obligation that is convertible, in full or in part, into Equity 
Securities solely at the option of holders of such obligation or of a trustee or similar agent acting solely 
on behalf of the bearers of such obligation (or the cash equivalent, whether the cash settlement option 
is that of the issuer or of (or for the benefit of) the holders of such obligation. 
“Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms” means any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms published by ISDA in relation to a Reference Entity, a form of which shall be published from 
time to time on the website https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or on any successor 
website thereto), as may be amended from time to time. 
“Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee” means each committee set up pursuant to the DC 
Rules in order to reach certain DC Resolutions in relation to credit derivatives transactions. 
“Credit Event” means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events specified in the applicable Final Terms: Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, 
Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental Intervention. 
If an event would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such event shall constitute a Credit Event whether 
or not it arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon: 
(i) any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into any Obligation or 
of an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
(ii) unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity, actual or alleged, with respect to any Obligation 
or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, whatever the description thereof; 
(iii) any applicable law, decree, regulation, order or notice, whatever the description thereof, the 
promulgation of any applicable law, any decree, any regulation, any order or any notice, or any change 
in the interpretation thereof by any court, any tribunal, any regulatory authority or any similar 
administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction, whatever the description 
thereof; or 
(iv) the imposition by any monetary or other authority of any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any 
other similar restrictions, or any change in such controls or restrictions, whatever the description thereof. 
“Credit Event Backstop Date” means the date 60 calendar days prior to the Observation Period Initial 
Reference Date.  
“Credit Event Determination Date” means, in relation to any Credit Event: 
(i) subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (ii) below, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice 
Delivery Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal 
Additional Period, provided that no DC Credit Event Announcement and no DC No Credit 
Event Announcement has occurred, in each case with respect to the Credit Event specified 
in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(ii) notwithstanding the provisions of sub-paragraph (i) above, the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date, or if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period, provided 
that: 
(A) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying a Restructuring as the only Credit Event has 
been previously delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer, unless the 
Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice is also the subject of the

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
DC Credit Event Question, leading to the occurrence of the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date; and 
(B) 
if the Credit Event forming the subject of the DC Credit Event Announcement 
is a Restructuring, the Calculation Agent has delivered a Credit Event Notice 
to the Issuer on or prior to the Exercise Cut-off Date. 
No Credit Event Determination Date shall occur with respect to an event, and any Credit Event 
Determination Date previously determined in respect of an event shall be deemed not to have 
occurred, if, or insofar as, a DC No Credit Event Announcement is made in respect of such 
event prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, a Valuation Date, the CS Date or the 
Observation Period Final Reference Date, as appropriate. 
The Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) shall inform the Warrantholders in 
accordance with Condition 10 (Notices) of the Conditions of such Credit Event Notice and, 
where applicable, Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
“Credit Event Notice” means an irrevocable notification given by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
(which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver in the case of a Long Position 
but has the obligation to deliver where such right arises in the case of a Short Position), describing a 
Credit Event that has occurred during the Observation Period. 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Observation Period Final 
Reference Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period 
Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
A Credit Event Notice must be in respect of all outstanding Warrants. 
A Credit Event Notice shall contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Credit Event has taken place, it being understood that, if a Credit Event 
Determination Date arises in respect of sub-paragraph (ii) of the definition of that date, a reference to 
the DC Credit Event Announcement shall suffice. The Credit Event the subject of the Credit Event 
Notice need not be continuing at the effective date of the Credit Event Notice. 
“Credit Event Resolution Request Date” means, with regard to a DC Credit Event Question, the date 
as announced publicly by the DC Secretary, which the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves is the date at which the DC Credit Event Question was effective, and on which the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available 
Information in respect of such DC Credit Event Question. 
“Credit Linked Specified Currency” means the currency or currencies stipulated as such in the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to a Reference Obligation of a Reference Entity denominated in such 
currency or currencies (or, if “Credit Linked Specified Currency” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms without any currency being specified, any of the Standard Specified Currencies), provided that, 
if the euro is a Credit Linked Specified Currency, “Credit Linked Specified Currency” shall also include 
an obligation that was previously payable in euro, regardless of any redenomination thereafter if such 
redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of 
the European Union or of the United Kingdom which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority. 
“Credit Settlement Amount” means CS Amount or AS Amount, or as otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Credit Unwind Costs” means, with respect to an Early Settlement Amount only, the amount specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if the “Standard Credit Unwind Costs” clause is stipulated as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or in the absence of such provision), an amount, subject to a 
minimum of zero, determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, equal to the sum (without 
duplication) of all costs, expenses (including any funding arrangements and/or any financing loss), taxes

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
and fees incurred by the Issuer and its Affiliates in relation to the settlement of CLWs and the 
unwinding, cancellation, settlement or related restoration of any Hedge Transaction. 
If the “Non-Standard Credit Unwind Costs” clause is stipulated as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Credit Unwind Costs shall be those stipulated for Standard Credit Unwind Costs as set 
out in the previous paragraph plus all costs, expenses (including financing loss), taxes and fees incurred 
by the Issuer and its Affiliates in relation to the unwinding, cancellation, termination, settlement or 
related restoration of any Internal Currency Swap. 
For the purposes of the above paragraph an “Internal Currency Swap” means an internal cross-
currency swap whereby the Treasury Non-Eligible Currency in which the CLW are denominated is 
converted into a Treasury Eligible Currency, a “Treasury Eligible Currency” includes, as at the date 
hereof, Euro, USD, GBP, Swiss Francs, Japanese Yen, Swedish Krona, Danish Kroner, Norwegian 
Krone, Australian Dollars, Singapore Dollars, Hong Kong Dollars, Canadian Dollars, South African 
Rand and New Zealand Dollars, or any other currency designated as such from time to time by the 
Issuer and specified in the applicable Final Terms and a “Treasury Non-Eligible Currency” means 
any currency other than a Treasury Eligible Currency. 
“CS” means a type of Settlement Method, and if applicable Fallback Settlement Method, as further 
described in this Condition 24. 
“CS Amount” means in relation to a Reference Entity, an amount stated in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent according to the following formulae (as applicable): 
(i) 
If the position taken in relation to a Reference Entity is a Long Position: 
CS Amount = Max [0, Min [N, (N x P)]] 
Where: 
“N” means the Reference Entity Notional Amount; and 
“P” means the Weighted Average Final Price or, if the applicable Final Terms specify, the Final 
Price unless the applicable Final Terms specify that the CLW is a Fixed Recovery CLW, in 
which case P shall mean the figure expressed as a percentage specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. If a Fixed Recovery Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, P shall mean (i) 
the figure expressed as a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to any 
Credit Event Determination Date falling within the Fixed Recovery Period or (ii) the Weighted 
Average Final Price or, if the applicable Final Terms specify, the Final Price, in relation to any 
Credit Event Determination Date falling outside of the Fixed Recovery Period. 
(ii) 
If the position taken in relation to a Reference Entity is a Short Position: 
CS Amount=Max [0,(N x (1-P))] 
Where: 
“N” means the Reference Entity Notional Amount; and 
“P” means the Weighted Average Final Price or, if the applicable Final Terms specify, the Final 
Price unless the applicable Final Terms specify that the CLW is a Fixed Recovery CLW, in 
which case P shall mean the figure expressed as a percentage specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. If a Fixed Recovery Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, P shall mean (i) 
the figure expressed as a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to any 
Credit Event Determination Date falling within the Fixed Recovery Period or (ii) the Weighted 
Average Final Price or, if the applicable Final Terms specify, the Final Price, in relation to any 
Credit Event Determination Date falling outside of the Fixed Recovery Period. 
“CS Date” means (i) the date falling the number of London and Paris Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, (ii) if that number is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, three London 
and Paris Business Days, in either case immediately following (A) the determination of the Weighted

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Average Final Price, (B) the determination of the Final Price or (C) in the case of Fixed Recovery 
CLWs, satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions, as applicable, unless specified otherwise in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“DC Credit Event Announcement” means, in respect of the Reference Entity, a public announcement 
by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved: 
(i) that an event constituting a Credit Event has occurred in respect of such Reference Entity (or an 
Obligation thereof); and 
(ii) that such event occurred during the Observation Period. 
A DC Credit Event Announcement shall be deemed not to be made unless: 
(A) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date in respect of such Credit Event occurred on 
or prior to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the 
Trade Date or the Issue Date, as specified against “Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date” in the applicable Final Terms); and 
(B) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the 
Auction Cancellation Date or the date that is 21 calendar days following the No Auction 
Announcement Date, if any, as applicable. 
“DC Credit Event Question” means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that constitutes a Credit Event 
has occurred. 
“DC Credit Event Question Dismissal” means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
“DC No Credit Event Announcement” means, in respect of the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee concerned 
has Resolved that an event the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does not constitute a Credit Event. 
“DC Party” has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
“DC Resolution” has the meaning given to it in the DC Rules. 
“DC Rules” means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee’s Rules, as published on the 
website https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/dc-rules/ (or any successor website thereto) 
from time to time and as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 
“DC Secretary” has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
“Dealer” means an operator on the Obligation market of the type of Obligation or Obligations (as 
appropriate) for which prices have to be obtained (as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolution discretion), which may include the Calculation Agent or any of its Affiliates or a 
Warrantholder or any of its Affiliates. 
“Default Requirement” means the amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms; otherwise, if a 
Transaction Type is specified, the amount as specified in the Physical Settlement Matrix or in either 
case its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the Obligation Currency concerned or, if 
the Default Requirement is not indicated in the applicable Final Terms, USD 10,000,000 or its 
equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation Currency, in each case as 
of the occurrence of the Credit Event concerned. 
“Deliver” means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee, transfer 
of the benefit of the Qualifying Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for 
the settlement of the applicable Underlying Obligation or Qualifying Guarantee, as applicable, (which 
shall include executing all necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in order

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
to convey all right, title (or with respect to Underlying Obligations or Qualifying Guarantees, as 
applicable, where any equitable title is customarily conveyed, all equitable title) and interest in the 
Underlying Obligation or Qualifying Guarantee, as applicable, to the Warrantholders, free and clear of 
any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding any liens routinely imposed on all 
securities in a relevant clearing system, but including, without limitation, any counterclaim, defence 
(other than a counterclaim or defence as set out in the definition of “Credit Event”) or right of set-off 
by or of the Reference Entity or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor) provided that to the extent that 
the Underlying Obligation consists of Direct Loan Participations, “Deliver” means to create (or procure 
the creation of) a participation in favour of the Warrantholders, and with respect to Qualifying 
Guarantees, Deliver means to Deliver both the Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee, provided 
further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, Deliver means to Deliver the Underlying Obligation, the 
Guarantee and all claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap. “Delivery” and 
“Delivered” will be construed accordingly. 
In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form of the 
documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time. 
“Deliverable Obligation” means each obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly, or as provider 
of a Relevant Guarantee) described by the Deliverable Obligation Category specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, and having each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the relevant date) (unless 
otherwise specified), in each case (a) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (b) provided 
that the obligation has an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater 
than zero. 
“Deliverable Obligation Category” means any of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation 
Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan as specified in relation to a Reference Entity in the applicable Final 
Terms. No Deliverable Obligation Characteristics are applicable to Reference Obligation Only. 
“Deliverable Obligation Characteristics” means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Credit Linked 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Listed, Not Domestic Issuance, 
Not Domestic Law, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, 
Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Direct Loan Participation” means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to a participation agreement, 
the Issuer or NATIXIS is capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in favour 
of each Warrantholder that provides each Warrantholder with recourse to the participation seller for a 
specified share in any payments due under the relevant Loan which are received by such participation 
seller, any such agreement to be entered into between each Warrantholder and either: 
(i) 
the Issuer or NATIXIS (to the extent that such entity is then a lender or member of the relevant 
lending syndicate); or 
(ii) 
a Qualifying Participation Seller (if any) (to the extent such Qualifying Participation Seller is 
then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate). 
“Domestic Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and any 
successor currency thereto, or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any successor 
currency of: 
(i) the Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign; or 
(ii) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not a 
Sovereign. 
“Domestic Law” means each of the laws of (a) the Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if such Reference Entity 
is not a Sovereign.

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Downstream Affiliate” means an entity in which the Reference Entity directly or indirectly owns 
more than 50% of its outstanding Voting Shares at the date of issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee. 
“Due and Payable Amount” means the amount that is due and payable by the Reference Entity under 
the obligation, whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise (excluding sums 
in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts) less all or any 
portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) is subject to any Prohibited 
Action, or (b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted 
Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on the 
Valuation Date. 
“Eligible Information” means information which is publicly available or which can be made public 
without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality 
of such information. 
“Equity Securities” means: 
(i) in the case of a Convertible Obligation, equity securities (including options and warrants) of the 
issuer of such obligation or depository receipts representing equity securities of the issuer of such 
obligation, along with any other property distributed to holders of those equity securities from time 
to time or made available to them from time to time in such capacity; and 
(ii) in the case of an Exchangeable Obligation, equity securities (including options and warrants) of a 
person other than the issuer of such obligation or depository receipts representing equity securities 
of a person other than the issuer of such obligation, as well as any other property distributed to the 
holders of those equity securities from time to time or made available to them from time to time in 
such capacity. 
“Exchangeable Obligation” means any obligation that is exchangeable, in full or in part, for Equity 
Securities, solely at the option of the holders of such obligation, or of a trustee or similar agent 
acting for the benefit only of holders of such obligation (or the cash equivalent, whether the cash 
settlement option is that of the issuer or of (or for the benefit of) the holders of such obligation). 
“Excluded Deliverable Obligation” means: 
(i) any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(ii) any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components have 
been stripped. 
“Excluded Obligation” means: 
(i) any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(ii) if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
the CLW is a Senior Transaction, then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental 
Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; and 
(iii) if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
the CLW is a Subordinated Transaction, then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental 
Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated Obligation. 
“Exercise Cut-off Date” means, with respect to a Credit Event: 
(i) 65 London and Paris Business Days after the Final List Publication Date; 
(ii) 15 CLW Business Days after the Auction Final Price Determination Date, if any; 
(iii) 15 CLW Business Days after the Auction Cancellation Date, if any;

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(iv) the date falling 15 CLW Business Days after the No Auction Announcement Date, if any; or 
(v) in each case, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee resolves. 
“Expiration Date” means either: 
(i) If the Final Terms specify that the CLWs are American Style: 
(A) 
In the absence of the satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions, the Scheduled 
Expiration Date; 
(B) 
In respect of a CLW which is not a Basket CLW, if the Settlement Conditions 
have been satisfied, the Settlement Date; or 
(C) 
In respect of a Basket CLW, if the Settlement Conditions have been satisfied 
in respect of one or more Reference Entities but not the final Reference Entity, 
the Scheduled Expiration Date, otherwise if the Settlement Conditions have 
been satisfied in respect of the final Reference Entity, the final Settlement Date; 
or 
(D) 
If Expiration Date Extension applies, the fifth Business Day following the 
Extended Expiration Date, 
provided that in any case the Expiration Date shall occur no later than the Longstop 
Expiration Date; 
(ii) If the Final Terms specify that the CLWs are Bermudan Style: the dates specified in (A), (B), (C) 
and (D) above, provided that, if the Settlement Conditions have not been satisfied, no earlier than 
the final Potential Exercise Date and no later than the Longstop Expiration Date; or 
(iii) If the Final Terms specify that the CLWs are European Style: the dates specified in (A), (B), (C) 
and (D) above, provided that in any such case the Expiration Date shall occur no earlier than the 
Scheduled Expiration Date and no later than the Longstop Expiration Date. 
“Expiration Date Extension” applies unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Expiration Date Extension Notice” means, where Expiration Date Extension applies, a notification 
given by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer, informing it that it has determined in relation to a 
Reference Entity: 
(i) without prejudice to the provisions of sub-paragraph (ii), (iii) or (iv) below, that a Credit Event has 
occurred or may have occurred or may occur at the Observation Period Final Reference Date or 
prior thereto; 
(ii) that a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred with respect to one or more Obligations in respect of 
which a Grace Period is applicable on or prior to the Observation Period Final Reference Date 
(determined with reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant 
Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the Physical 
Settlement Matrix) Tokyo time)); 
(iii) that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event has occurred on or prior to the Observation Period 
Final Reference Date (determined with reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction 
Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are 
defined in the Physical Settlement Matrix) Tokyo time)); or 
(iv) that a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred or on or prior to the Observation Period 
Final Reference Date or prior thereto. 
The Issuer shall inform the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10 (Notices) upon receipt of 
such notice from the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Extended Expiration Date” means, where “Expiration Date Extension” is stated to apply in the 
applicable Final Terms, the date determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, as: 
(i) the CS Date; 
(ii) two CLW Business Days following the date upon which the Potential Failure to Pay or Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium Event has been cured (as applicable); or 
(iii) two CLW Business Days following the DC No Credit Event Announcement (as applicable). 
“Failure to Pay” means, subject to the paragraph below, following expiry of any Grace Period 
applicable (following satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace 
Period), the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in accordance with 
the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that occurs as 
a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction 
of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time 
of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless 
the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium 
payable (as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion) at the time of 
such redenomination. 
“Fallback Settlement Event” means one of the following events: 
(i) occurrence of an Auction Cancellation Date; 
(ii) occurrence of a No Auction Announcement Date; 
(iii) the public announcement by ISDA that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved, following a Credit Event Resolution Request Date, not to determine the relevant DC 
Credit Event Question; 
(iv) the public announcement by ISDA that the competent Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that the event concerned which has occurred constitutes a Restructuring 
for the purposes of credit derivative transactions for the relevant Reference Entity on the over-the-
counter market (including any Hedge Transaction), and that Auctions shall not take place in respect 
of such Reference Entity and such Restructuring Credit Event; or 
(v) occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date under sub-paragraph (i) of the definition of 
“Credit Event Determination Date”, and no Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred 
within two London and Paris Business Days of such Credit Event Determination Date. 
“Fallback Settlement Method” means, where Auction Settlement is the Settlement Method, CS, 
otherwise Fallback Settlement Method is not applicable. 
“Final List” has the meaning given to this term in the DC Rules. 
“Final List Publication Date” means, in respect of a Credit Event, the date on which the last Final List 
for such Credit Event is published by ISDA. 
“Final Price” means the price of the Reference Obligation or the Valuation Obligation(s), as applicable, 
expressed as a percentage of its Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, determined according to the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (in the 
manner described below or otherwise in accordance with the definition of Quotation) with respect to 
the relevant Valuation Date. To such end: 
(i) if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, 
disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values (and, if more than one such

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest 
Full Quotations shall be disregarded; 
(ii) if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the 
highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same 
highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be 
disregarded; 
(iii) if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; 
(iv) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, such 
Weighted Average Quotation; 
(v) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, 
subject to the procedures set out in the definition of Quotation, an amount that the Calculation Agent 
shall determine on the next CLW Business Day on which two or more Full Quotations or a 
Weighted Average Quotation; and 
(vi) if two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation are not obtained within the 
additional CLW Business Day period set out in the definition of Quotation, the Market Value shall 
be determined as provided in the definition of Quotation. 
“Fixed Cap” means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of 
the Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided 
that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with one or more 
variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable pursuant to 
the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs). 
“Fixed Recovery CLW” means a CLW designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Fixed Recovery Period” means a period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. Such Fixed 
Recovery Period will start at any time on or after the Trade Date and terminate at any time on or before 
the Expiration Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Full Quotation” means each firm bid price (expressed as a percentage of the Outstanding Principal 
Balance), in each case obtained from a Dealer at the Valuation Time, insofar as is reasonably 
practicable, for an amount of the Reference Obligation or Valuation Obligation(s), as applicable, with 
an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount equal to the Quotation Amount. 
“Further Subordinated Obligation” means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation which is Subordinated thereto. 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry or department of such government), any court, any tribunal, any administrative authority, any 
other governmental authority, any inter-governmental authority, any supranational body or any other 
entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or responsible for the regulation or 
supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of the Reference Entity or some or all of 
its obligations, or any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in this 
paragraph. 
“Governmental Intervention” means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to 
an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events 
occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, 
or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), 
in each case, applicable to the Reference Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such 
event is expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation: 
(i) any event which would affect creditors’ rights so as to cause: 
(A) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination);

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(B) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(C) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the payment or 
accrual of interest, or (II) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(D) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(ii) an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder 
of the Obligation; 
(iii) a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(iv) any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (i) to 
(iii) above. 
For purposes of the definition of “Governmental Intervention”, the term Obligation shall be deemed to 
include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
“Grace Period” means: 
(i) Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraphs (ii) and (iii) below, the grace period applicable to the 
payments due under, and in accordance with, the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later 
of the Trade Date and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(ii) If “Grace Period Extension” is stipulated as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms to the 
relevant Reference Entity, if a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred during the Observation Period, 
and if the applicable grace period could not, according to its terms, expire on or prior to the Last 
Day of the Observation Period, the Grace Period shall be deemed to be the shorter of the following 
periods: such grace period and the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
period is specified, a period of 30 calendar days; and 
(iii) If, as of the later of the Trade Date and the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no 
grace period is applicable to payments or a grace period of less than three Grace Period Business 
Days is applicable to payments under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three Grace 
Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; it being understood that, unless 
the applicable Final Terms stipulate that “Grace Period Extension” is applicable in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity, such Grace Period shall expire on the Observation Period Final 
Reference Date at the latest. 
“Grace Period Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose 
in the Obligation concerned, and if such place or places are not specified, in the jurisdiction of the 
Obligation Currency. 
“Grace Period Extension” applies unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Grace Period Extension Date” means, if: 
(i) the applicable Final Terms stipulate that “Grace Period Extension” is applicable to a Reference 
Entity, based on the Transaction Type concerned; and 
(ii) a Potential Failure to Pay arises during the Observation Period, 
the date corresponding to the number of days in the Grace Period following the date of such Potential 
Failure to Pay. 
“Guarantee” means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation.

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Hedge Transaction” means any transaction or position of negotiation concluded or held by the Issuer 
and/or one of its Affiliates in order to hedge, directly or indirectly, the Issuer’s obligations or positions 
(in full or in part) relating to the CLWs. 
“Index” means the index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Index Annex” means: 
(i) in the case of iTraxx Index Basket CLWs, the list for the relevant Index with the relevant Annex 
Date, as published by the Index Publisher (which can be accessed at http://www.markit.com or any 
successor website thereto). The Index Annex will be deemed amended from time to time to reflect 
any modifications resulting from the application of the definitions of Reference Entity, Reference 
Obligation, Standard Reference Obligation and/or Substitute Reference Obligation below; or 
(ii) in the case of CDX Index Basket CLWs, the list for the relevant Index with the Annex Date, as 
published by the Index Publisher (which can be accessed at http://www.markit.com or any 
successor website thereto). In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of the Index Annex 
and the terms of the corresponding Index published by the Index Sponsor, the terms of the Index 
Annex shall prevail. 
“Index Basket CLW” means a Basket CLW specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which 
relates to an Index. 
“Index Notional Weight” means, for Index Basket CLWs, the percentage indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if not specified in the applicable Final Terms, 100%. 
“Index Publisher” means Markit Group Limited, or any replacement or other Markit group entity 
therefor appointed by the Index Sponsor for purposes of officially publishing the relevant Index. 
“Index Reference Entity Weighting” means the percentage specified opposite the relevant Reference 
Entity in the Index Annex. 
“Index Roll Effective Date” means: 
(i) in the case of iTraxx Index Basket CLWs, the Roll Date in respect of the Index as specified and 
defined in the Index Annex; or 
(ii) in the case of CDX Index Basket CLWs, the Effective Date in respect of the Index as specified and 
defined in the Index Annex. 
“Index Sponsor” means: 
(i) in the case of iTraxx Index Basket CLWs, Markit Indices Limited, or any successor thereto; or 
(ii) in the case of CDX Index Basket CLWs, Markit North America, Inc. or any successor sponsor of 
the Index. 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
“iTraxx Index Basket CLW” means an Index Basket CLW specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Last day of the Observation Period” means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the latest of: 
(i) Observation Period Final Reference Date; 
(ii) the Grace Period Extension Date (if applicable), if the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit 
Event Notice is a Failure to Pay that occurs after the Observation Period Final Reference Date, and 
the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to such Failure to Pay occurs at or prior to 11.59 pm 
(determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant 
Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign, Tokyo time)) on such date; and

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(iii) the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date if (a) the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit 
Event Notice is a Repudiation/Moratorium that occurs after the Observation Period Final Reference 
Date, 
(b) 
the 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
Event 
with 
respect 
to 
such 
Repudiation/Moratorium occurs at or prior to 11.59 pm (determined by reference to Greenwich 
Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan 
Sovereign, Tokyo time)) on the Observation Period Final Reference Date, and (c) the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
“Listed” means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an exchange. If 
the Obligation Characteristic “Listed” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
concerned, this characteristic shall only apply to the Obligations in the Obligation Category that are 
Bonds. 
“Loan” means any obligation of a type included in the “Borrowed Money” Obligation Category, 
documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or any other similar credit agreement, 
and does not include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
“London and Paris Business Day” means a day on which the merchant banks and the foreign exchange 
markets are generally open for the settlement of payments and are open to exercise their general 
activities (including foreign exchange transactions and currency deposit transactions) in London and 
Paris. 
“Long Position” means means Credit Linked Warrants in respect of which “Long Position” is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, a Warrantholder with a Long Position has 
sold credit protection to the Issuer. 
“Longstop Expiration Date” means a date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Multiple Holder Obligation” means an Obligation that: 
(i) at the time of the event which constitutes a Restructuring is held by more than three holders that are 
not Affiliates of each other; and 
(ii) with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to the terms of the Obligation 
as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six and two-thirds per cent. is required 
to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event, 
provided that any Obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement in (ii) above. For 
the avoidance of doubt, this definition “Multiple Holder Obligation” shall not be applicable to any 
Reference Obligation (or Underlying Loan) if “Additional Provisions of LPN Entities” is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
“No Auction Announcement Date” means, in respect of a Credit Event, the date on which the DC 
Secretary first publicly announces: 
(i) that no Auction Settlement Transaction Terms will be published; or 
(ii) that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee concerned has Resolved that an Auction 
shall not take place following a previous public announcement to the contrary by the DC Secretary. 
“Non-Conforming Reference Obligation” means a Reference Obligation which is not a Conforming 
Reference Obligation. 
“Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation” means an obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which resulted in the 
Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on the date it was issued or 
incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as applicable). 
“Non-Standard Reference Obligation” means the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation or if 
a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, the Substitute Reference Obligation.

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Not Bearer” means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with respect to such 
bearer instrument are cleared via the Euroclear system, Clearstream International or any other 
internationally recognised clearing system. 
“Not Domestic Currency” means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than the 
applicable Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute a 
Domestic Currency. 
“Not Domestic Issuance” means any obligation other than an obligation which was issued (or reissued, 
as appropriate), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the Reference 
Entity. Any obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other action having been taken for such 
purpose, is qualified to be sold outside the domestic market of the Reference Entity (regardless of 
whether such obligation is also registered or qualified to be sold in the domestic market of the Reference 
Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or reissued, as the case may be), or intended to be offered for 
sale primarily in the domestic market of the Reference Entity. 
“Not Domestic Law” means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable Domestic Law, 
provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute a Domestic 
Law. 
“Notice Delivery Date” means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice and, unless 
“Notice of Publicly Available Information” is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
an effective Notice of Publicly Available Information, have been delivered by the Calculation Agent to 
the Issuer. 
“Notice Delivery Period” means the period between the Notice Delivery Period Commencement Date 
(inclusive) and the date falling 15 CLW Business Days (inclusive) after the Last Day of the Observation 
Period. 
“Notice Delivery Period Commencement Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Notice of Publicly Available Information” means an irrevocable notification given by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer (which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to 
deliver in the case of a Long Position but has the obligation to deliver where such notification is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in the case of a Short Position), citing Publicly 
Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event or the Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium Event, as appropriate, described in the Credit Event Notice. The notice given 
must contain a copy or description in reasonable detail of the relevant Publicly Available Information. 
If “Notice of Publicly Available Information” is stipulated as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms concerned, and the Credit Event Notice contains Publicly Available Information, such Credit 
Event Notice shall also be deemed to constitute a Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
“Notional Credit Derivative Transaction” means, as regards a CLW and a Reference Entity, a 
hypothetical credit derivative transaction: 
(i) for which the “Trade Date” is the Trade Date; 
(ii) for which the “Scheduled Termination Date” is the Observation Period Final Reference Date; 
(iii) for which the “Reference Entity or Entities” is (are) the Reference Entity(ies); 
(iv) for which (if applicable) the “Transaction Type” applicable is the Transaction Type for the purposes 
of this CLW; 
(v) for which the Reference Obligation(s) are the same as in respect of the CLWs or, if not specified, 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be appropriate in respect of a credit derivative transaction 
linked to the relevant Reference Entity(ies); and

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(vi) otherwise having such other characteristics as the Calculation Agent may determine appropriate by 
reference to, without limitation, the Issuer’s hedging arrangements and/or any other credit 
derivative elections made in relation to the CLWs. 
“Not Sovereign Lender” means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (A) a Sovereign, or (B) 
any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more Sovereigns, 
including, without limiting the aforegoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank 
and International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, which shall include, without limitation, 
obligations generally referred to as “Paris Club debt”. 
“Not Subordinated” means an obligation that is not Subordinated to: 
(i) the Reference Obligation; or 
(ii) the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable. 
“Obligation” means: 
(i) any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee), 
described by the Obligation Category specified in the applicable Final Terms, and having each of 
the Obligation Characteristics (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms (but excluding any 
Excluded Obligation), in each case, immediately prior to the Credit Event the subject of the Credit 
Event Notice but excluding any Excluded Obligation; and 
(ii) the Reference Obligation specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in each case, unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
“Obligation Acceleration” means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and 
payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar 
condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect 
of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
“Obligation Category” means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, 
Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Obligation Characteristics” means one or more of the following characteristics, as amended or 
supplemented at any time in the Physical Settlement Matrix: Not Subordinated, Credit Linked Specified 
Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Listed, Not Domestic Issuance and Not 
Domestic Law as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Obligation Currency” means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated. 
“Obligation Default” means that one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and 
payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default, or any other 
similar condition or event (whatever the description thereof), other than a failure to make any required 
payment in respect of one or more Obligations of the Reference Entity. 
“Observation Period” means the period from (and including) the Credit Event Backstop Date to (and 
including) the Last Day of the Observation Period. 
“Observation Period Initial Reference Date” in relation to a Reference Entity is as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms for such Reference Entity or if not so specified means the Trade Date. 
“Observation Period Final Reference Date” in relation to a Reference Entity is as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms for such Reference Entity or if not so specified means the Scheduled Expiration 
Date.

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Officer’s Certification” means a certificate signed by a Managing Director (or any other substantially 
equivalent title) of the relevant entity, certifying the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to the 
Obligation. 
“Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation” means the obligation of the Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the Reference Obligation in the applicable 
Final Terms (if any is so specified) provided that if an obligation is not an obligation of the Reference 
Entity, such obligation will not constitute a valid Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation for 
purposes of the CLW (other than for the purposes of determining the Seniority Level and for the “Not 
Subordinated” Obligation Characteristic or “Not Subordinated” Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) 
unless (a) specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) the CLW is a Reference Obligation 
Only Trade. 
“Outstanding Amount” means the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable. 
“Outstanding Principal Balance” will be calculated as follows: 
(i) first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity’s principal 
payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with Condition 24.3, the Reference 
Entity’s accrued but unpaid interest payment obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be 
the lower of (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where 
applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference Entity were 
references to the Underlying Obligor) and (B) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(ii) second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the 
obligation, (A) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (B) may otherwise be reduced as a result of 
the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than 
by way of (I) payment or (II) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in paragraph (i) 
above of this definition less any amounts subtracted in accordance with this paragraph (ii), the 
“Non-Contingent Amount”); and 
(iii) third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding 
Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(A) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in 
effect on the Valuation Date; and 
(B) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any 
applicable laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim 
to reflect the original issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
In this definition, “Quantum of the Claim” means the lowest amount of the claim which could be 
validly asserted against the Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation 
had become redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and payable at the 
time of the relevant determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-
Contingent Amount. 
“Payment” means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) to pay or repay 
money, including, without limitation, any Borrowed Money. 
“Payment Requirement” means the amount specified as such the applicable Final Terms or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 1,000,000, or 
its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation Currency) in either case, 
as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable.

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Permitted Contingency” means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference Entity’s 
payment obligations: 
(i) as a result of the application of: 
(A) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may 
assume all of the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(B) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(C) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying 
Guarantee (or provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from 
its payment obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
(D) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if “Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(E) 
if “Limited Recourse Terms” are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms or apply in accordance with the applicable Final Terms by virtue of the 
specification for the relevant Transaction Type in the Physical Settlement 
Matrix, provisions which (A) limit recourse in respect of the obligation to the 
proceeds of specified assets or the proceeds resulting from the enforcement of 
security or collateral arrangements and/or (B) extinguish any obligation that 
remains outstanding following the disposal of specified assets and/or the 
enforcement of the security or collateral arrangements and in each case the 
application of the resulting proceeds (and in this case, then for the purpose of 
determining whether such obligation is an Obligation or a Deliverable 
Obligation such obligation is deemed to satisfy “Not Subordinated ”); or 
(F) 
provisions which permit the Reference Entity’s obligations to be altered, 
discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a 
Governmental Intervention, if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their 
behalf (such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such 
obligation. 
“Permitted Transfer” means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption 
by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation and execution 
of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in circumstances where there is also a 
transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
“Physical Settlement Matrix” means the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix, as most 
recently amended or supplemented at the Trade Date, and as published by ISDA, which may be 
currently consulted on the website http://www.isda.org, it being understood that any reference made 
therein: 
(i) 
to a “Confirmation” shall be deemed to refer to the applicable Final Terms;  
(ii) 
to the “Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount” shall be deemed to refer to the related 
Reference Entity Aggregate Amount of the Warrants;  
(iii) 
to “Section 3.3 of the Definitions” shall be deemed to refer to a “Credit Event Notice” as defined 
in this Condition;  
(iv) 
to “London and Paris Business Days” shall be deemed to refer to CLW Business Days 
(v) 
to “Additional Provisions for LPN Reference Entities“ shall be deemed to refer to Condition 
24.8 (Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement entitled “Additional Provisions for LPN 
Reference Entities” (published on 15 September 2014));

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(vi) 
to “Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations” shall be deemed to 
refer to Condition 24.9 (Specific provisions taken from the ISDA supplement entitled 
“Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations” (published on 8 
December 2017)) ); 
(vii) 
to “2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019)” 
shall be deemed to refer to Condition 24.12 (2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Provisions);  
(viii) 
to “Monoline Supplement” or “2014 Monoline Supplement” shall be deemed to be refer to 
Condition 24.13(Monoline Insurer Reference Entities Provisions); and 
(ix) 
to “Limited Recourse Additional Provisions” shall be deemed to be refer to Limited Recourse 
Terms being applicable. 
“Post Dismissal Additional Period” means the period from and including the date of the DC Credit 
Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is 14 calendar days thereafter (provided that 
the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of the 
Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)). 
“Potential Failure to Pay” means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, 
any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure, without taking 
into account any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period 
applicable to such Obligation. 
“Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event” means the occurrence of an event described in sub-
paragraph (i) of the definition of “Repudiation/Moratorium”. 
“Prior Reference Obligation” means, in circumstances where there is no Reference Obligation 
applicable to a CLW (I) the Reference Obligation most recently applicable thereto, if any, and 
otherwise, (II) the obligation specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Reference Obligation, if 
any, if such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date and otherwise (III) any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity. 
“Private-side Loan” means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is not 
publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, understanding 
or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
“Prohibited Action” means any counterclaim, defence (other than any counterclaim or defence based 
on those set forth in the definition of Credit Event) or right of set-off by or of the Reference Entity or 
any applicable Underlying Obligor. 
“Publicly Available Information” means: 
(i) information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to determining that the Credit Event 
described in a Credit Event Notice or the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event, as appropriate, have 
occurred and that: 
(A) 
has been published in at least two Public Sources, regardless of whether the 
reader or the user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information; 
(B) 
is information received from or published by (A) a Reference Entity or, as the 
case may be, for a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority thereof acting in a 
governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central 
bank) of such Sovereign; or (B) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, 
clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation; or 
(C) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, 
whatever the description thereof, or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange,

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
regulatory authority or other similar administrative, regulatory or judicial 
body, 
provided that where any information of the type described in (i)(B) or (i)(C) above is not 
publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public 
without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information. 
(ii) if the Calculation Agent is: 
(A) 
the only source of information as trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, 
clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation; 
and 
(B) 
a holder of the Obligation, 
the Calculation Agent shall be required to deliver an Officer’s Certification to the Issuer. 
(iii) for all information of the type described in paragraphs (i)(B) and (i)(C) above, the Calculation Agent 
may assume that such information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information, and that the 
party delivering such information has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or 
understanding with the Reference Entity or with any Affiliate of the Reference Entity that would 
be breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to third parties, or would 
prevent the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such information. 
(iv) the Publicly Available Information does not need to indicate: 
(A) 
with regard to the definition of “Downstream Affiliate”, the percentage of 
Shares with Voting Rights owned by the Reference Entity; and 
(B) 
that the relevant occurrence: 
(a) 
has satisfied the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement; 
(b) 
is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period; or 
(c) 
has satisfied the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
(v) in relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must relate 
to the events described in (i)(A) and (i)(B) of that definition. 
“Public Source” means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, or if no such source is specified, each of the following sources: Bloomberg, 
Reuters, Dow Jones, Newswires, Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, 
Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial 
Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), as well as the main source or sources of business 
news in the country in which the Reference Entity is organised, and any other internationally recognised 
published or electronically displayed news source). 
“Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee” means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Reference Entity in 
respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity. 
“Qualifying Guarantee” means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include a 
statute or regulation) whereby the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes, or is otherwise 
obliged to pay all the amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not covered due 
to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due in respect of an Underlying Obligation for which the Underlying 
Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case,

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing law). Qualifying 
Guarantees exclude any guarantee: 
(i) structured as a surety bond, a financial guarantee insurance policy, or letter of credit (or any other 
equivalent legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(ii) under which the Reference Entity’s principal payment obligations may be discharged, released, 
reduced or otherwise altered or assigned as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event 
or circumstance, in each case, other than: 
(A) 
by payment; 
(B) 
by way of Permitted Transfer; 
(C) 
by operation of law; 
(D) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(E) 
due to: 
(a) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if “Financial Reference 
Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if “Subordinated European Insurance Terms” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, 
reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the Reference Entity 
and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant determination, in 
accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to or following the 
occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying Obligation, or (II) a 
Bankruptcy occurs in respect of the Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed 
for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the 
guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
(x) 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of 
the Underlying Obligation; and 
(y) 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed 
Cap must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of such guarantee. 
“Qualifying Participation Seller” means any participation seller that meets the requirements specified 
in relation to the Reference Entity. If no such requirements are specified, there shall be no Qualifying 
Participation Seller. 
“Quotation” means, in respect of the Reference Obligation(s) or the Valuation Obligation(s), as 
applicable, each Full Quotation and the Weighted Average Quotation obtained and expressed in the 
form of a percentage of the Reference Obligation’s or Valuation Obligation’s Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, in respect of a Valuation Date as follows: 
(i) the Calculation Agent shall try to obtain Full Quotations in respect of each Valuation Date 
concerned from five or more Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain at least two of 
such Full Quotations on the same CLW Business Day within three CLW Business Days following 
a Valuation Date concerned, the Calculation Agent shall then try, on the following CLW Business 
Day (and, if necessary, each subsequent CLW Business Day up to the tenth CLW Business Day 
following the Valuation Date concerned), to obtain Full Quotations from five or more Dealers and, 
if at least two Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation. 
(ii) If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain at least two Full Quotations or a Weighted Average 
Quotation for the same CLW Business Day, by the tenth CLW Business Day following the

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Valuation Date concerned at the latest the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation 
obtained from a Dealer at the Valuation Time on that tenth CLW Business Day or, if no Full 
Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of (i) all firm prices for the Reference Obligation or 
the Valuation Obligation(s), as applicable, obtained from Dealers at the Valuation Time on that 
tenth CLW Business Day in respect of the total portion of the Quotation Amount for which such 
prices have been obtained, and a price shall be deemed to be equal to zero for the balance of the 
Quotation Amount for which firm prices have not been obtained that day. 
(iii) if: 
(A) 
“Include Accrued Interest” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, such 
Quotations shall include interest accrued but unpaid; 
(B) 
“Exclude Accrued Interest” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, such 
Quotations shall not include interest accrued but unpaid; and 
(C) 
“Market Practice” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine, based on then current market practice in the market of 
the Reference Obligation or the Valuation Obligation(s), as applicable, 
whether such Quotations shall include or exclude interest accrued but unpaid, 
and all the Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with this specification 
or determination. 
“Quotation Amount” means, in respect of a Reference Obligation or Valuation Obligation(s), as 
applicable, the amount specified in relation to a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms (which 
may be specified with reference to an amount in a currency or with reference to the Representative 
Amount) or, if no amount is specified, the Reference Entity Aggregate Amount (or its equivalent in the 
Obligation Currency, which shall be converted by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable 
manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time the relevant Quotation is being obtained). 
“Reference Entity or Reference Entities” means: 
(i) the reference entity or entities specified in the applicable Final Terms and any Successor thereto 
either (a) identified by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the definition of Successor on or 
following the Trade Date or (b) identified pursuant to a DC Resolution in respect of a Successor 
Resolution Request Date and publicly announced by the DC Secretary on or following the Trade 
Date, shall, in each case, with effect from the Succession Date, be a Reference Entity for the 
Relevant Obligations; 
(ii) in the case of iTraxx Index Basket CLWs, each relevant Reference Entity specified as such in the 
Index and listed in the Index Annex, and any Successor to a Reference Entity either (a) in respect 
of which ISDA publicly announces on or following the earlier of the Index Roll Effective Date and 
the Trade Date that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved, in 
respect of a Successor Resolution Request Date, a Successor in accordance with the DC Rules or 
(b) in the event that ISDA does not make such an announcement, identified by the Index Sponsor 
on or following the earlier of the Index Roll Effective Date and the Trade Date; or 
(iii) in the case of CDX Index Basket CLWs, subject as provided in paragraph (ii) of the definition of 
“Index Annex” above, the applicable Reference Entities specified as such in the Index and listed in 
the Index Annex, and any Successor to a Reference Entity either (a) identified by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the definition of Successor on or following the Trade Date or (b) unless 
already reflected in the Index Annex, identified pursuant to a DC Resolution in respect of a 
Successor Resolution Request Date and publicly announced by the DC Secretary on or following 
the Index Roll Effective Date of the Index, as set forth in the Index Annex. 
“Reference Entity Aggregate Amount” means, for each Reference Entity, subject to the provisions of 
the definition of “Successor”, the relevant multiple, for all Warrants outstanding, of the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount, such amount being the amount for which the Issuer has purchased (in the case of 
Long Position(s)) or sold (in the case of Short Position(s)) credit protection from or to Warrantholders 
in respect of the relevant Reference Entities.

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
In the case of CLWs, where Reference Entities or Reference Obligations are made of a single entity or 
obligation, or in the case of a pool of underlying, where a single Reference Entity or Reference 
Obligation represents 20% or more of the pool, the Reference Entity (or the issuer of the Reference 
Obligation) will have securities already admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, equivalent third 
country market or SME Growth Market. 
“Reference Entity Notional Amount” means, for each Reference Entity, subject to the provisions of 
the definition of “Successor”, the amount equal to (a) the initial Notional Amount specified in the Final 
Terms multiplied by (b) the Reference Entity Notional Weight. 
“Reference Entity Notional Weight” means, for each Reference Entity, subject to the provisions of 
the definition of “Successor”: 
(i) for CLWs that are not Index Basket CLWs, the percentage indicated in the applicable Final Terms 
in respect of each Reference Entity (or, if such percentage is not specified, 100% divided by the 
number of Reference Entities); or 
(ii) in the case of Index Basket CLWs, the percentage equal to (a) the Index Notional Weight multiplied 
by (b) the relevant Index Reference Entity Weighting. 
“Reference Obligation” means the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless: 
(i) “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in 
which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, if any; or 
(ii) “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or no 
election is specified in the applicable Final Terms), (B) there is no Standard Reference Obligation, 
and (C) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in which 
case the Reference Obligation will be (a) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding 
the first date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (b) the Standard Reference 
Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard Reference Obligation that is 
published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation. 
Without prejudice to paragraphs (i) to (ii) above: 
(A) 
in the case of CDX Index Basket CLWs, the Reference Obligation will be the 
Reference Obligation (if any) specified as such in the Index and specified 
opposite the Reference Entity in the Index Annex, subject as provided in 
paragraph (ii) of the definition of “Index Annex” above and to the “Substitute 
Reference Obligation” provisions herein; and 
(B) 
in the case of iTraxx Index Basket CLWs, the Reference Obligation will be the 
Reference Obligation (if any) specified as such opposite the relevant Reference 
Entity in the Index Annex, subject to the definition of “Substitute Reference 
Obligation” below and the following paragraph: 
If there is no Standard Reference Obligation and the Index Sponsor publishes a 
replacement Reference Obligation for a Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent will 
select such Reference Obligation as the Reference Obligation hereunder for such 
Reference Entity rather than applying the provisions of the definition of “Substitute 
Reference Obligation” below. 
“Reference Obligation Only” means any Obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no Obligation 
Characteristic shall apply to the Reference Obligation Only. 
“Reference Obligation Only Trade” means a CLW in respect of which (a) “Reference Obligation 
Only” is specified as the Obligation Category and the Deliverable Obligation Category in the applicable 
Final Terms and (b) “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms. If a Substitution Event occurs with respect to the Reference Obligation in a Reference 
Obligation Only Trade, the Substitution Event Date shall be the Settlement Date.

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
The provisions of the definition of Substitute Reference Obligation notwithstanding, (i) no Substitute 
Reference Obligation shall be determined in respect of a Reference Obligation Only Trade and (ii) if 
the events in paragraphs (ii) or (iii) of the definition of Substitution Event occur with respect to the 
Reference Obligation in a Reference Obligation Only Trade, such Reference Obligation shall continue 
to be the Reference Obligation. 
“Relevant Guarantee” means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if “All Guarantees” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
“Relevant Obligations” means the Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation 
Category “Bond or Loan” and which are outstanding immediately prior to the Succession Date (or, if 
there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of the first succession), provided 
that: 
(i) any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, or held by 
the Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(ii) if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination of a Successor, 
make the appropriate adjustments required to take account of any Obligations of the Reference 
Entity which fall within the Obligation Category “Bond or Loan” that are issued, incurred, 
redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally effective date of the first 
succession to and including the Succession Date; 
(iii) if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
the CLW is a Senior Transaction, the Relevant Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations 
of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category “Bond or Loan”; and 
(iv) if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and 
the CLW is a Subordinated Transaction, Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and 
any Further Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation 
Category “Bond or Loan”, provided that if no such Relevant Obligations exist, “Relevant 
Obligations” shall have the same meaning as it would if the CLW were a Senior Transaction. 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative of a single transaction in the market 
concerned and at the relevant time, which amount the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
“Repudiation/Moratorium” means the occurrence of the following two events: 
(i) an authorised officer of the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority: 
(A) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in full or in part, or challenges the 
validity of one or more Obligations for a total amount at least equal to the 
Default Requirement; or 
(B) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, a freeze, standstill, roll-over or deferral, de 
facto or de jure, in respect of one or more Obligations, for a total amount at 
least equal to the Default Requirement; and 
(ii) a Failure to Pay, determined regardless of the Default Requirement, or a Restructuring, determined 
regardless of the Default Requirement, in respect of any such Obligation, occurs on or prior to the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
“Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date” means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event 
occurs during the Observation Period: 
(i) if the Obligations to which this Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event relates include Bonds, the later 
of the following two dates: 
(A) 
the date 60 days plus four London and Paris Business Days after the date of 
occurrence of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event, or

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(B) 
the first payment date in respect of any such Bond following the date of 
occurrence of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event (or, if later, the 
expiry date of any Grace Period applicable in respect of such payment date); 
and 
(ii) if the Obligations to which this Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event relates do not include Bonds, 
the date 60 days plus four London and Paris Business Days after the date of occurrence of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium Event. 
“Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition” is satisfied (i) if the DC Secretary publicly 
announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and effectively received on or prior to the date 
that is fourteen calendar days after the Observation Period Final Reference Date, that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium Event for purposes of the relevant Obligation(s) has occurred during the 
Observation Period, or (ii) otherwise, by delivery by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer of a Credit 
Event Notice and, unless “Notice of Publicly Available Information” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information that are each effective on or prior 
to the date that is fourteen calendar days after the Observation Period Final Reference Date. In all cases, 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been satisfied, or not 
capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either: 
(i) an event does not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event for purposes of the relevant 
Obligation(s) with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity; or 
(ii) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event for purposes of the relevant 
Obligation(s) has occurred with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity but that such event 
occurred after the end of the Observation Period. 
“Resolve” has the meaning given to this term in the DC Rules, and “Resolved” and “Resolves” shall 
be construed accordingly. 
“Restructuring” means: 
(i) in respect of one or more Obligations and with regard to a total amount at least equal to the Default 
Requirement, the occurrence of one or more of the following events in a form that binds all holders of 
such Obligation, is agreed between the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient 
number of holders of such Obligation to bind all the holders of such Obligation, or is announced (or 
otherwise decreed) by a Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders 
of such Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of an exchange), provided 
that such event is not expressly provided for in the terms of such Obligation in effect at the later of the 
Credit Event Backstop Date and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(A) 
any reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of 
scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(B) 
any reduction in the amount of the premium or principal due at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(C) 
any postponement or other deferral of one or more dates for either (A) payment 
or accrual of interest or (B) payment of principal or premium; 
(D) 
any change in the payment priority ranking of an Obligation, giving rise to the 
Subordination of that Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(E) 
any change in the currency of any payment in principal, premium or interest, 
to any currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, 
the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the Euro and any 
successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case

--- Page 273 ---
273 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
of the euro shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in 
whole). 
(ii) notwithstanding the provisions of sub-paragraph (i) above, the following do not constitute a 
Restructuring: 
(A) 
the payment in Euros of the principal, premium or interest due in respect of an 
Obligation denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European 
Union that adopts or has adopted the single currency according to the 
provisions of the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by 
the Treaty on the European Union; 
(B) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (a) the redenomination 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member 
State of the European Union or of the United Kingdom which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely 
available market rate of conversion between euros and such other currency 
existed at the time of such redenomination and there is no reduction in the rate 
or amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as determined by 
reference to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
(C) 
the occurrence of, agreement to, or announcement of any of the events 
described in paragraphs (i)(A) to (i)(E) above on account of an administrative 
adjustment, tax adjustment, accounting adjustment or other technical 
adjustment occurring during the ordinary course of business; and 
(D) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events 
described in paragraphs (i)(A) to (i)(E) above in circumstances where such 
event does not result directly or indirectly from a deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity provided that 
in respect of paragraph (i)(E) only, no such deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity is required 
where the redenomination is from euro into another currency and occurs as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the 
European Union or of the United Kingdom which is of general application in 
the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
For the purposes of sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) above and the definition of “Multiple Holder Obligation”, 
the term “Obligation” shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference 
Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. For a Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, the 
references to the Reference Entity made in sub-paragraph (i) above shall be deemed to designate the 
Underlying Obligor, and the reference to the Reference Entity in sub-paragraph (ii) above shall continue 
to refer to the Reference Entity. 
Unless “Multiple Holder Obligation” is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this definition of “Restructuring”, the occurrence of, 
agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs (i)(A) to (E) above shall 
not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect of any such events is a Multiple Holder 
Obligation. 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under 
paragraph (i) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately 
prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately following such exchange. 
“Scheduled Expiration Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Second Obligation” means, for the purposes of the definitions of “Subordination” and “Senior 
Obligation”, an obligation of the Reference Entity that is compared to that Senior Obligation.

--- Page 274 ---
274 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Seniority Level” means with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity, (a) “Senior Level” or 
“Subordinated Level” or (where “Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference 
Obligations” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), “Senior Non-Preferred Level”, 
or (b) if no such seniority level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Senior Level if the Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or Subordinated Level if the Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which (c) Senior Level. 
“Senior Obligation” means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed 
Money obligation of the Reference Entity. 
“Senior Transaction” means a CLW for which (a) the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior Obligation or (b) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior 
Reference Obligation. 
“Settlement Conditions” means, in relation to a Reference Entity, the occurrence of a Credit Event 
Determination Date in respect of a Credit Event during the Observation Period (provided that, unless 
resolved otherwise by the Calculation Agent by written notification sent to the Issuer, such Credit Event 
Determination Date is not subsequently deemed not to have occurred pursuant to the definition thereof 
prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, a Valuation Date, CS Date or an Expiration Date, 
as appropriate). 
“Settlement Currency” means the currency as specified in the applicable Final Terms, in which some 
or all of the payments under the Warrants, shall be made. 
“Settlement Method” means either (i) Auction Settlement or (ii) CS, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, and, if no Settlement Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Auction 
Settlement. 
“Short Position” means means Credit Linked Warrants in respect of which “Short Position” is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, a Warrantholder of a Short Position has 
purchased credit protection from the Issuer. 
“Single Entity CLW” means a CLW for which a single Reference Entity is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“SME Growth Market” means a multilateral trading facility that is registered as an SME growth 
market in accordance w ith Article 33 of MiFID II. 
“Solvency Capital Provisions” means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference Entity’s 
payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or otherwise 
varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute capital resources of a particular 
tier. 
“Sovereign” means any State, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or any other authority acting in a governmental capacity (including, without 
limiting the above, the central bank) of that state, that political subdivision or that government. 
“Sovereign Succession Event” means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an 
annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar 
event. 
“SRO List” means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published on the website at 
https://ihsmarkit.com/index.html from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by another 
third party designated by ISDA from time to time. 
“Standard Reference Obligation” means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant 
Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
“Standard Specified Currency” means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, 
France, Germany, United Kingdom, United States of America and the Euro, and any successor currency

--- Page 275 ---
275 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
to those currencies (which, in the case of the Euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and 
replaces the Euro, in whole). 
“Steps Plan” means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a series 
of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or more 
entities. 
“Subordinated Obligation” means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity existed. 
“Subordinated Transaction” means a CLW for which the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation. 
“Subordination” means, with respect to a Second Obligation and another obligation of the Reference 
Entity to which such obligation is being compared (the “First Obligation”), a contractual, trust or 
another similar arrangement by virtue of which (i) upon the liquidation, dissolution, winding-up or 
reorganisation of the Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the First Obligation are required to be 
satisfied before the claims of the holders of the Second Obligation or (ii) the holders of the Second 
Obligation will not be entitled to receive or to keep principal payments in respect of their claims against 
the Reference Entity, at any time when the Reference Entity is in payment arrears or otherwise in default 
under the First Obligation. “Subordinated” shall be interpreted accordingly. In order to ascertain 
whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated to another obligation to which 
it is being compared, (x) the existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of law or of collateral, 
credit support or other credit enhancement or security arrangements shall not be taken into account; 
except that notwithstanding the above, the aforementioned priorities arising by operation of law shall 
be taken into account when the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (y) in the case of the Reference 
Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the ranking in priority of payment shall be 
determined as of the date as of which it was issued or incurred (or in circumstances where the Reference 
Obligation or a Prior Reference Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation and “Standard 
Reference Obligation” is applicable, then the priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or the 
Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as of the date of selection) and, in each 
case, shall not reflect any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date. 
“Substitute Reference Obligation(s)” means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation to 
which a Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(i) the Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with 
paragraphs (iii), (iv) and (v) below, to replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation; provided 
that the Calculation Agent will not identify an obligation as the Substitute Reference Obligation if, 
at the time of the determination, such obligation has already been rejected as the Substitute 
Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and such 
obligation has not changed materially since the date of the relevant DC Resolution; 
(ii) if any of the events set forth under paragraphs (i) or (iii) of the definition of Substitution Event have 
occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the “Not 
Subordinated” Obligation Characteristic or “Not Subordinated” Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic and paragraph (iii)(B) below). If the event set forth in paragraph (i) of the definition 
of “Substitution Event” has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and 
no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, the Non-Standard Reference Obligation will 
continue to be the Reference Obligation until the Substitute Reference Obligation is identified or, 
if earlier, until any of the events set forth under paragraphs (i) or (iii) of the definition of Substitution 
Event occur with respect to such Non-Standard Reference Obligation;

--- Page 276 ---
276 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(iii) the Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(A) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a guarantee); 
(B) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the 
date it was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority of 
payment after such date) and on the Substitution Date; 
(C) 
(a) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming 
Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the 
Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan); or if no such obligation 
is available, 
(II) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation; 
(b) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other Borrowed 
Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the 
Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(II) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan); or if no such obligation 
is available, 
(III) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a Loan 
(other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(IV) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation; or 
(c) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately prior to 
the Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a Loan 
(other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(II) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(III) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan); or if no such obligation 
is available, 
(IV) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation; 
(iv) if more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the process 
described in paragraph (iii) above, the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the potential 
Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic equivalent of the delivery 
and payment obligations of the Issuer as determined by the Calculation Agent. The Substitute 
Reference Obligation shall replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation on such a date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, which is expected to be as soon as reasonably practical after 
it has been identified in accordance with paragraph (iii) above. Information about the occurrence of 
a Substitute Reference Obligation with a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination of the Substitute Reference Obligation, including the identity thereof and the

--- Page 277 ---
277 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Substitution Date, may be requested at any time by the Warrantholders at the specified office of the 
Paying Agent (subject to proof of ownership of such CLW in a form acceptable to the Paying 
Agent); or 
(v) if a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and the 
Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation, then, subject to paragraph (i) above and notwithstanding the fact 
that the Non-Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference Obligation in 
accordance with paragraph (ii) above, the Calculation Agent shall continue to attempt to identify 
the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
“Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution Request Date” means, with respect to a notice to the 
DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve 
a Substitute Reference Obligation to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the date, as publicly 
announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
“Substitution Date” means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which the 
Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer of the Substitute Reference Obligation that it has identified in 
accordance with these Conditions. 
“Substitution Event” means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(i) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; 
(ii) the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been reduced by 
redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(iii) for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a guarantee). 
For purposes of identification of the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation’s CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in and of 
itself, constitute a Substitution Event. 
If an event described in paragraphs (i) or (ii) above has occurred on or prior to the Trade Date, then a 
Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to those paragraphs (i) or (ii), as the case 
may be, on the Trade Date. 
“Substitution Event Date” means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the occurrence 
of the relevant Substitution Event. 
“succeed” means, for the purposes of the definitions of “Successor” and “Succession Event” in respect 
of a Reference Entity and its Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference Entity (i) 
assumes liability for those Relevant Obligations or becomes liable for them, whether by operation of 
law or pursuant to any agreement (including, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any 
protocol, treaty, convention, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs 
Loans (the “Exchange Bonds” or “Loans”) which are exchanged for Relevant Obligations and, in 
either case, the Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee 
with respect to such Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. The 
determinations required under sub-paragraph (i) of the definition of “Successor” must be made, in the 
case of an exchange offer, based on the Outstanding Principal Balance of Relevant Obligations 
exchanged and not on the basis of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
“Succession Date” means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities succeed 
to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at such time, there 
is a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final succession in respect 
of such Steps Plan, or if earlier (i) the date on which a Successor is determined which would not be

--- Page 278 ---
278 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
affected by any further related successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or (ii) the occurrence of a 
Credit Event Determination Date in respect of the Reference Entity or any entity which would constitute 
a Successor. 
“Succession Event” means: 
(i) In respect of a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, an event such as a merger, consolidation, 
amalgamation, transfer of assets or liabilities, demerger, spin off or any other similar event in which 
an entity succeeds to the obligations of another entity, whether by operation of law or pursuant to 
an agreement; or 
(ii) In respect of a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an event such as an annexation, unification, 
secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or any other event leading to one or 
more direct or indirect successors to such Reference Entity. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, “Succession Event” shall not include an event: 
(A) 
In which the holders of obligations of the Reference Entity exchange such obligations 
for obligations of another entity, unless such exchange takes place in connection with 
a merger, consolidation, amalgamation, transfer or assets or liabilities, demerger, spin 
off or any other similar event; or 
(B) 
With respect to which the effective legal date (or, in the case of a Reference Entity that 
is a Sovereign, the date of occurrence) has occurred prior to the Successor Backstop 
Date (determined with reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type 
of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms 
are defined in the Physical Settlement Matrix), Tokyo time)). 
“Successor” means: 
(i) Subject to paragraph (v) below, the entity or entities (where appropriate) determined as follows: 
(A) 
subject to sub-paragraph (i)(G) below, if an entity succeeds, either directly or 
as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to 75% or more of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity, this entity shall be the only Successor to 
the relevant Reference Entity; 
(B) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than 25% (but less than 75%) of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity, and if the Reference Entity does not keep more than 
25% of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, the entity which 
succeeds to more than 25% of the Relevant Obligations shall be the only 
Successor to the relevant Reference Entity; 
(C) 
if more than one entity succeeds, each either directly or as a provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee, to more than 25% of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, and if the Reference Entity does not keep more than 25% of 
the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, each of the entities which 
succeeds to more than 25% of the Relevant Obligations shall constitute a 
Successor; 
(D) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than 25% of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity, and if the Reference Entity keeps more than 25% of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity, each of these entities and the Reference 
Entity shall be a Successor; 
(E) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, 
but if no single entity succeeds to more than 25% of the Relevant Obligations

--- Page 279 ---
279 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
of the Reference Entity and if the Reference Entity continues to exist, there 
shall be no Successor and the Reference Entity will not be changed in any way 
as a result of such succession; 
(F) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, 
but if no single entity succeeds to more than 25% of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity and if the Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity 
which succeeds to the highest percentage of the Relevant Obligations will be 
the Successor (provided that, if two or more entities succeed to an equal 
percentage of Relevant Obligations, each such entity will be a Successor); and 
(G) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes 
all of the obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the 
Reference Entity, and at the time of the determination either (x) the Reference 
Entity has ceased to exist, or (y) the Reference Entity is in the process of being 
dissolved (howsoever described) and the Reference Entity has not issued or 
incurred any Borrowed Money obligation at any time since the legally effective 
date of the assumption, such entity (the “Universal Successor”) will be the 
sole Successor. 
(ii) for a Sovereign Reference Entity, Successor means any direct or indirect successor(s) of this Reference 
Entity by way of a Succession Event irrespective of whether it (they) assumes (assume) any obligation 
of that Reference Entity. 
(iii) In the instance referred to in sub-paragraph (i) above, the Calculation Agent shall be responsible for 
determining, as soon as this is reasonably practicable after delivery of a Successor Notice and with 
effect as from the Succession Date, any Successor or Successors under the conditions set out in 
paragraph (i) above. In calculating the percentages used to determine whether the relevant thresholds 
set forth above have been met or, depending on the circumstances, which entity satisfies the conditions 
set out in sub-paragraph (i)(F) above, the Calculation Agent must use, for each applicable Relevant 
Obligation included in this calculation, the amount of the liability in respect of such Relevant Obligation 
listed in the Best Available Information, and must notify this calculation to the Issuer as soon as 
practicable after such calculation; on the understanding that the Calculation Agent shall not proceed 
with this determination if, on that date the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based on the relevant 
succession to the Relevant Obligations. 
(iv) The Calculation Agent may, if it determines appropriate, select an alternative Transaction Type for any 
Successor to a Reference Entity and adjust such of the Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as 
it determines appropriate to reflect such new Transaction Type and determine the effective date of any 
such change and adjustment. Upon the Calculation Agent making such adjustment, the Issuer shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10 (Notices) of the 
Conditions stating the new Transaction Type and the adjustment to the Conditions and/or the applicable 
Final Terms (if any). For the avoidance of doubt any failure to provide such a notice to Warrantholders 
will not constitute an Event of Default under the Warrants and will not affect the validity of any of the 
foregoing provisions. 
(v) An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(A) 
either (x) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop 
Date, or (y) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the 
Succession Date occurred on or after 1 January 2014; 
(B) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding 
immediately prior to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part 
of at least one Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity; and

--- Page 280 ---
280 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(C) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the 
Relevant Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
“Successor Backstop Date” means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC 
Resolution, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date 
otherwise, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which the Successor 
Notice is effective and (ii) in circumstances where (A) a Successor Resolution Request Date has 
occurred, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a 
Successor determination and (C) the Successor Notice is delivered by one party to the other party not 
more than fourteen calendar days after the day on which the DC Secretary publicly announces that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor 
determination, the Successor Resolution Request Date.  
“Successor Notice” means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer (which the 
Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver), that describes a succession (or, in 
relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) in respect of which a 
Succession Date has occurred and pursuant to which one or more Successors to the Reference Entity 
can be determined. 
A Successor Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination to be made pursuant to paragraph (A) of the definition of Successor.  
“Successor Resolution Request Date” means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary requesting 
that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or more Successors 
to the Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
“Trade Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Transaction Type” means: 
(i) each “Transaction Type” specified from time to time as such in the Physical Settlement Matrix and 
as specified in the Final Terms in respect of a Reference Entity; 
(ii) in the case of iTraxx Index Basket CLWs, as specified opposite the relevant Reference Entity in the 
Index Annex, subject to adjustment as provided in the definition of “Successor”, as applicable; or 
(iii) in the case of CDX Index Basket CLWs, Standard North American Corporate, unless another 
Transaction Type is specified in the Index Annex, in which case the Transaction Type will be as 
specified opposite the relevant Reference Entity in the Index Annex, subject to adjustment as 
provided in the definition of “Successor”, as applicable. 
“Transferable” means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without any 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction, provided that none of the following shall be considered 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(i) contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 
144A or Regulation S promulgated under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (and 
any contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction 
having a similar effect in relation to the eligibility for resale of an obligation); 
(ii) restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment restrictions on 
insurance companies and pension funds; or 
(iii) restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting periods. 
“Underlying Obligation” means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of the 
guarantee.

--- Page 281 ---
281 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Underlying Obligor” means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in case of a Bond, 
the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying 
Obligation. 
“Valuation Date” means (i) any CLW Business Day falling between the 55th and the 122nd CLW 
Business Day following the Credit Event Determination Date (or if the Credit Event Determination 
Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (i) of the definition of Credit Event Determination Date, the day on 
which the DC Credit Event Announcement occurs) or (ii) following an Auction Cancellation Date or a 
No Auction Announcement Date, such subsequent CLW Business Day (in each case, as selected by the 
Calculation Agent at its sole and absolute discretion). 
“Valuation Obligation” means, in respect of a Reference Entity, notwithstanding any contrary 
provision of this Condition 24, one or more Obligations of such Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee), described by the Obligation Category specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, and having each of the Obligation Characteristics (if any) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (excluding any Excluded Obligation but including any other Obligation), which: 
(i) is payable for an amount equal to its Outstanding Principal Balance at the amount due and payable 
under this Condition 24, (except for sums representing interest on arrears, indemnities, tax increases 
(“gross-up”) and other similar amounts) (the “Amount Due and Payable”), as appropriate; 
(ii) is not the object of any counterclaim, challenge or other objection (other than a counterclaim, 
challenge or objection referred to in the definition of “Credit Event”), or of any clearing right of the 
Reference Entity or, where appropriate, of an Underlying Obligor); and 
(iii) if a Qualifying Guarantee other than an Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee may, at the Valuation Date 
concerned, be executed immediately by or on behalf of the bearer or bearers against the Reference 
Entity, for an amount at least equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance or to the Amount Due and 
Payable, as appropriate, and regardless of the dispatch of any notification of non-payment or any 
similar procedural requirement, it being understood that obligation acceleration of an Underlying 
Obligation shall not be deemed to be a procedural requirement. 
If an Obligation is a Convertible Obligation or an Exchangeable Obligation, such Obligation may only 
be included in the Valuation Obligations Portfolio if the rights (i) to convert or exchange such 
Obligation, or (ii) to require the issuer to buy back or redeem such Obligation (if the issuer has exercised 
or could exercise the right to pay the redemption price or the redemption price, in full or in part, in the 
form of allocation of Equity Securities) have not been exercised (or the exercise thereof has been 
effectively cancelled) at the Valuation Date concerned or prior thereto. 
“Valuation Obligations Portfolio” means one or more Valuation Obligations selected by the 
Calculation Agent at its discretion, each for an Outstanding Principal Balance selected by the 
Calculation Agent at its entire and absolute discretion, provided that the total of such Outstanding 
Principal Balance (or, in each case, its equivalent in the Credit Linked Specified Currency (converted 
at the exchange rate prevailing at any date during the period between the Credit Event Determination 
Date (included) and the Valuation Date (included), selected by the Calculation Agent at its sole and 
absolute discretion)), does not exceed the relevant Reference Entity Aggregate Amount. 
“Valuation Time” means the time specified in relation to a Reference Entity in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if no such time is specified, 11:00 in the principal trading market of the Valuation Obligation. 
“Voting Shares” means the shares or other interests conferring the power to elect the board of directors 
or any other similar governing body of an entity. 
“Weighted Average Final Price” means the weighted average of the Final Prices determined for each 
Valuation Obligation in the Valuation Obligations Portfolio, weighted by the nominal amount in the 
Obligation Currency of each of such Valuation Obligations (or its equivalent in the Settlement 
Currency, converted by the Calculation Agent, in a commercially reasonable manner, with reference to 
the exchange rates in force at the time of such determination).

--- Page 282 ---
282 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Weighted Average Quotation” means the weighted average of the firm bid prices obtained from 
Dealers at the Valuation Time, insofar as is reasonably practicable, each for an amount of the Reference 
Obligation or the Valuation Obligation(s), as applicable, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due 
and Payable Amount, as applicable, of as large a size as available, but less than the Quotation Amount, 
whose total is approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
24.8 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement entitled “Additional Provisions for LPN Reference 
Entities” (published on 15 September 2014) 
If “Additional Provisions for LPN Reference Entities” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, or the provisions of this Condition apply in accordance with the applicable Final Terms by virtue 
of the specification for the relevant Transaction Type in the Physical Settlement Matrix, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition 24, the following provisions will apply: 
(a) 
Multiple Holder Obligation will be deemed to be Not Applicable with respect to any Reference 
Obligation (and any Underlying Loan); 
(b) 
each Reference Obligation will be an Obligation, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
this Condition 24 including, but not limited to the definition of “Obligation” in Condition 24.7 
above, and in particular, notwithstanding that the obligation is not an obligation of the 
Reference Entity. 
(c) 
each Reference Obligation will be a Deliverable Obligation notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in this Condition 24 including, but not limited to the definition of “Deliverable 
Obligation” in Condition 24.7 and in particular, notwithstanding that the obligation is not an 
obligation of the Reference Entity. 
For the avoidance of doubt with respect to any LPN Reference Obligation that specifies an 
Underlying Loan or an Underlying Finance Instrument, the Outstanding Principal Balance shall 
be determined by reference to the Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as 
applicable) relating to such LPN Reference Obligation. 
The Not Subordinated Obligation Characteristic and Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall 
be construed as if no Reference Obligation was specified in respect of the Reference Entity; 
(d) 
the definition of Reference Obligation in Condition 24.7 shall be deleted and the following 
substituted therefor: 
“Reference Obligation” means, as of the Trade Date, each of the obligations listed as a 
Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms or set forth on the 
relevant LPN Reference Obligations List, as published by Markit Group. Limited, or any 
successor thereto, which list is as of the date of this Base Prospectus available at 
http://www.markit.com/Product/Reference-Data-CDS, any Additional LPN, determined in 
accordance with paragraph (e) below, and each Additional Obligation. Each Reference 
Obligation determined in accordance with the foregoing will be a Reference Obligation 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions, and in particular, notwithstanding 
that the obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity. The “Standard Reference 
Obligation” provisions shall not apply. The proviso in the definition of Original Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation shall not apply. 
It is intended that there may be more than one Reference Obligation, as a result of which all 
applicable references in this Condition 24 to “the Reference Obligation” shall be construed as 
a reference to “a Reference Obligation”, and all other provisions of this Condition 24 shall be 
construed accordingly. The definitions of “Substitution Event” and “Substitute Reference 
Obligation” in Condition 24.7 above shall not be applicable to LPN Reference Obligations.”; 
and

--- Page 283 ---
283 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(e) 
the following additional definitions shall apply: 
“Additional LPN” means any bond issued in the form of a loan participation note (a “LPN”) 
by an entity (the “LPN Issuer”) for the sole purpose of providing funds for the LPN Issuer to 
(a) finance a loan to the Reference Entity (the “Underlying Loan”) or (b) provide finance to 
the Reference Entity by way of a deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money instrument (the 
“Underlying Finance Instrument”), provided that (i) either (x) in the event that there is an 
Underlying Loan with respect to such LPN the Underlying Loan satisfies the Obligation 
Characteristics specified in respect of the Reference Entity or (y) in the event that there is an 
Underlying Finance Instrument with respect to such LPN the Underlying Finance Instrument 
satisfies the Not Subordinated, Not Domestic Law and Not Domestic Currency Obligation 
Characteristics (ii) the LPN satisfies the following Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Transferable, Not Bearer, Credit Linked Specified Currency - Standard Specified Currencies, 
Not Domestic Law, Not Domestic Issuance; and (iii) the LPN Issuer has, as of the issue date of 
such obligation, granted a First Ranking Interest over or in respect of certain of its rights in 
relation to the relevant Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) for 
the benefit of the holders of the LPNs. 
“Additional Obligation” means each of the obligations listed as an Additional Obligation of 
the Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms or set forth on the relevant LPN Reference 
Obligations List, as published by Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, as of the 
Trade Date, which list is as at the date of this Base Prospectus available at 
http://www.markit.com/Product/Reference-Data-CDS. 
“First Ranking Interest” means a charge, security interest (or other type of interest having 
similar effect) (an “Interest”), which is expressed as being “first ranking”, “first priority”, or 
similar (“First Ranking”) in the document creating such Interest (notwithstanding that such 
Interest may not be First Ranking under any insolvency laws of any related insolvency 
jurisdiction of the LPN Issuer). 
“LPN Reference Obligation” means each Reference Obligation other than any Additional 
Obligation. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any change to the issuer of an LPN Reference Obligation in 
accordance with its terms shall not prevent such LPN Reference Obligation constituting a 
Reference Obligation. 
Each LPN Reference Obligation is issued for the sole purpose of providing funds for the LPN 
Issuer to finance a loan to the Reference Entity. For the purposes of the CLWs each such loan 
shall be an Underlying Loan. 
24.9 
Specific provisions taken from the ISDA supplement entitled “Additional Provisions for Senior 
Non-Preferred Reference Obligations” (published on 8 December 2017) 
If “Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations” is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, or the provisions of this Condition apply in accordance with the applicable 
Final Terms by virtue of the specification for the relevant Transaction Type in the Physical Settlement 
Matrix, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition 24, the provisions of this Condition 
24 will apply: 
(a) 
the definition of Reference Obligation shall be amended by adding: 
“provided that, irrespective of any Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, if (i) a Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation 
of the Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List, such Standard Reference Obligation shall 
be deemed to constitute the Reference Obligation, or (ii) no such Senior Non-Preferred Level 
Standard Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List but such 
Standard Reference Obligation has previously been specified on the SRO List, there shall be 
deemed to be no Reference Obligation applicable to the CLW and such previously specified

--- Page 284 ---
284 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity shall be 
deemed to constitute the Prior Reference Obligation” after “if any”; 
(b) 
the Seniority Level shall be: 
Senior Non-Preferred Level; 
(c) 
“Subordination” shall have the meaning ascribed to that term in Condition 24.7 and such term 
shall be applied in the assessment of any Obligation without regard to how the Obligation is 
described by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, including any characterisation of the 
Obligation as senior or unsubordinated by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction; and 
(d) 
The following additional definitions shall apply: 
“Senior Non-Preferred Transaction” means a CLW in respect of which “Additional 
Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms. A Senior Non-Preferred Transaction shall constitute a Subordinated 
Transaction as defined in Condition 24.7; 
“Senior Non-Preferred Obligation” means any obligation of the Reference Entity which is 
Subordinated only to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the Reference Entity 
but not further or otherwise, or which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money Obligations of the Reference Entity existed, and which ranks above 
Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity or which would so rank if any 
Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity existed. A Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligation shall constitute a Subordinated Obligation as defined in Condition 24.7; 
“Traditional Subordinated Obligation” means. (i) Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the 
Reference Entity; (ii) any obligations of the Reference Entity which rank or are expressed to 
rank pari passu with any Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity; and (iii) any 
obligations of the Reference Entity which are Subordinated to the obligations thereto described 
in (i) and (ii) above shall each (without limitation) constitute Traditional Subordinated 
Obligations in respect of a Senior Non- Preferred Obligation. A Traditional Subordinated 
Obligation shall constitute a Further Subordinated Obligation; and 
“Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation” means any obligation of the Reference Entity which meets 
the conditions set out in Article 63 of CRR, as such Article may be amended or replaced from 
time to time or which are or were at any time otherwise eligible as a Tier 2 item in accordance 
with the CRR. 
24.10 Additional Disruption Events applicable to all Credit Linked Warrants 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
settle the CLWs upon prior notification to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10. If the 
CLWs are thus settled, the Issuer shall upon such settlement pay to the Warrantholders an amount 
determined to be the fair market value of the CLWs based on the market conditions prevailing at the 
date of determination taking account of the Additional Disruption Event, minus the reasonable costs to 
the Issuer and/or its affiliates or other entities affected by the Hedging Agreements of unwinding 
underlying Hedging Arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion. 
Warrantholders shall be notified of each such payment in accordance with Condition 10. 
“Additional Disruption Event” means any of a Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost 
of Hedging. 
“Change in Law” means, if specified as applicable in the Final Terms, that on or after the Trade Date: 
(A) on account of the adoption of or any change to any Applicable Regulation, or (B) on account of the 
promulgation or change in the interpretation or application of any Applicable Regulation by any court,

--- Page 285 ---
285 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
tribunal, regulatory or tax authority, exchange or governmental authority with competent jurisdiction 
of any Applicable Regulation: 
(i) 
the Issuer or Calculation Agent determines in its sole discretion that it is unable to fulfil its 
obligations under the CLWs or that it is illegal or contrary to any Applicable Regulation for it 
or any of its affiliates or other entities affected by the Hedging Agreements to hold, acquire or 
dispose of Hedging Arrangements in relation to such CLWs; or 
(ii) 
there is a significant increase in the costs to it and/or to its affiliates (including, but without 
limitation to, increases related to any taxation law or any solvency or capital requirement) of 
holding, decreases in tax benefits (or other adverse effects on its tax position), acquiring or 
disposing of Hedging Arrangements or any requirements in relation to reserves, special 
deposits, insurance assessments or other requirements in relation to such CLWs. 
“Hedging Agreements” means all hedge agreements concluded by the Issuer and/or any of its 
respective affiliates or other entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements concluded at any time in 
order to hedge the CLWs, including, but not restricted to, the purchase and/or sale of all transferable 
securities, all options or all futures contracts on these transferable securities, all certificates of deposit 
in respect of these transferable securities, and all corresponding transactions on currencies.  
“Hedging Disruption” means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and/or 
any one of its affiliates or all entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements, is/are unable, despite 
commercially reasonable efforts, (A) to acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s), any asset(s) or any contract(s) that they may deem necessary in order to 
cover the risk arising from that entity concluding and satisfying its obligations by virtue of the CLWs, 
or (B) to realise, recover or pay the income from such transaction(s) or contract(s) relative to the CLWs. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that the 
Issuer and/or any one of its affiliates or other entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements, incur(s) 
an amount of duties, taxes, costs or commissions (other than brokerage commissions) which is 
substantially increased (compared to the circumstances existing on the Trade Date) in order (A) to 
acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, maintain, unwind or transfer any transaction(s) or any asset(s) 
which they may deem necessary to hedge the risk (in particular but not limited to exchange and interest 
rate risks) of the Issuer or any third party or affiliate with whom the Issuer enters into a hedging 
transaction on account of the conclusion and satisfaction of its obligations by virtue of the CLWs, or 
(B) to realise, recover or pay the income from such transaction or transactions or from such asset or 
assets, provided that any substantially increased amount incurred exclusively on account of 
deterioration of the solvency of the Issuer and/or of any of its affiliates or of other entities concerned 
by the Hedging Agreements shall not be deemed to constitute an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
24.11 CDS Trigger Event 
(A) 
Definitions: 
“CDS Trigger Event” means the occurrence or existence, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, of the following condition for a Reference Entity on any CLW Business Day during the 
Observation Period: 
Reference Entity CDS > [Z] bps 
Where: “Reference Entity CDS” means the credit default swap spread level with the Relevant Maturity 
in the Relevant Reference Currency referring to the relevant Reference Entity as the sole reference 
entity on such CLW Business Day, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, using the CDS Trigger Event Determination Methodology specified 
below; 
“Relevant Maturity” means the period from such CLW Business Day to the Scheduled Expiration 
Date of the CLW; and 
the applicable Final Terms shall specify in relation to a CDS Trigger Event:

--- Page 286 ---
286 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(i) 
“Z” as a figure; and 
(ii) 
the “Relevant Reference Currency”; and 
(iii) 
the “Specific CDS Quotation Amount” (if not specified such amount will equal the 
Reference Entity Aggregate Amount or, in the case of a Basket CLW, the Reference 
Entity Aggregate Amount, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity). 
“CDS Trigger Event Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the CDS Trigger Event 
Notice (as defined below). 
“CDS Trigger Event Determination Methodology” means, the Calculation Agent, on any CLW 
Business Day during the Observation Period where the Calculation Agent considers a CDS Trigger 
Event may occur or might have occurred, shall attempt to obtain from five or more Dealers firm offers 
for the Reference Entity CDS for the Relevant Reference Currency and Relevant Maturity for an amount 
equal to the Specific CDS Quotation Amount (each a “Full Firm CDS Offer”). 
Then the following methodology will apply to determine the relevant Reference Entity CDS: 
(i) 
if more than three Full Firm CDS Offers are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Firm CDS Offers, disregarding the Full Firm CDS Offers having the highest and lowest 
values (and, if more than one such Full Firm CDS Offers have the same highest value 
or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Firm CDS Offer shall be 
disregarded);  
(ii) 
if exactly three Full Firm CDS Offers are obtained, the Full Firm CDS Offer remaining 
after disregarding the highest and lowest Full Firm CDS Offers (and, if more than one 
such Full Firm CDS Offers have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of 
such highest or lowest Full Firm CDS Offers shall be disregarded);  
(iii) 
if exactly two Full Firm CDS Offers are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Firm CDS Offers;  
(iv) 
if exactly one Full Firm CDS Offer is obtained, such Full Firm CDS Offer;  
(v) 
if no Full Firm CDS Offers are obtained and a “Weighted Average CDS Offer” 
(meaning the weighted average of the firm CDS offers obtained from Dealers each for 
an amount as large a size as available, but less than the Specific CDS Quotation Amount 
(each a “Partial CDS Offer”), whose total is approximately equal to the Specific CDS 
Quotation Amount) is obtained, such Weighted Average CDS Offer; 
(vi) 
if no Full Firm CDS Offer is obtained and no Weighted Average CDS Offer is obtained 
but Partial CDS Offers are obtained, albeit in an aggregate size smaller than the Specific 
CDS Quotation Amount and so not amounting to a Weighted Average CDS Offer, then, 
where there is more than one such Partial CDS Offer, the weighted average of such 
Partial CDS Offers and where only one Partial CDS Offer is obtained such Partial CDS 
Offer; 
(vii) 
if no Full Firm CDS Offer is obtained, no Weighted Average CDS Offer is obtained, 
no Partial CDS Offer is obtained and if three or more “Indicative CDS Offers” 
(meaning each indicative offer obtained from Dealer, for an amount equal to the 
Specific CDS Quotation Amount, which reflects such Dealer's reasonable assessment 
of the value of the Reference Entity CDS based on such factors as such Dealer may 
consider relevant, which may include historical prices and recovery rates) are obtained, 
the arithmetic average of the Indicative CDS Offers remaining after disregarding the 
highest and lowest Indicative CDS Offers (and, if more than one such Indicative CDS 
Offer have the same highest or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest 
Indicative CDS Offer shall be disregarded);

--- Page 287 ---
287 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(viii) 
if no Full Firm CDS Offer, no Weighted Average CDS Offer, no Partial CDS Offer or 
three Indicative CDS Offers are not obtained on any such date a CDS Trigger Event 
shall be deemed to have occurred on that date. 
“CDS Trigger Event Settlement Amount” means, where CDS Trigger Event is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, per Calculation Amount, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, 
in its sole and absolute discretion, in the Settlement Currency, to be the fair market value of a CLW or, 
in the case of a Basket CLW, the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount thereof, based on the 
market conditions prevailing at the date of determination, and adjusted to account fully for any 
reasonable expenses and costs of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding 
arrangements of the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates (including, without limitation, the level or value 
of credit default swaps or any credit derivatives options referencing the Reference Entity, the level or 
value of prevailing interest rates, swaps or other instruments of any type whatsoever hedging the 
Issuer’s obligations under the CLWs). 
“CDS Trigger Event Settlement Date” means, where CDS Trigger Event is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the date on which the Issuer shall settle the CLWs further to the occurrence 
of a CDS Trigger Event and the delivery of the CDS Trigger Event Notice, being no less than five (5) 
Business Days and no more than ten (10) Business Days after the date of delivery of such CDS 
Settlement Amount and Date Notice, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(B) 
Operative Provisions 
Following the occurrence of a CDS Trigger Event: 
Where CDS Trigger Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if at any time during 
the Observation Period, the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that it has determined that a CDS 
Trigger Event has occurred, then the Issuer, or the Calculation Agent on its behalf, shall give written 
notice (the “CDS Trigger Event Notice”) to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10 
(Notices) of the Conditions, giving details of such CDS Trigger Event and setting out the CDS Trigger 
Event Determination Date. 
Within ten (10) Business Days as of the date of the CDS Trigger Event Notice, the Issuer, or the 
Calculation Agent on its behalf, shall give written notice (the “CDS Settlement Amount and Date 
Notice”) to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10 (Notices) of the Conditions, setting 
out CDS Trigger Event Settlement Amount and the applicable CDS Trigger Event Settlement Date.  
Following the delivery of such CDS Settlement Amount and Date Notice the Issuer may settle the 
CLWs and upon such settlement the Issuer shall pay to the Warrantholders an amount, per Calculation 
Amount, equal to the CDS Trigger Event Settlement Amount. In the case of a Single Entity CLW, such 
a settlement will be in whole and not in part and, following settlement upon the occurrence of a CDS 
Trigger Event no further amounts shall be due to the Warrantholder. In the case of a Basket CLW such 
settlement will be in respect of the affected Reference Entity only and the Calculation Amount will be 
reduced by the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of any Reference Entity: 
(i) 
the provisions applicable in case of CDS Trigger Event prevail over the provisions 
applicable in case of Credit Event; and 
(ii) 
in the absence of a Credit Event Determination Date on or prior to a CDS Trigger Event 
Settlement Date, the provisions applicable in case of CDS Trigger Event prevail over 
the provisions of Condition 24.2.  
24.12 2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Provisions  
If “2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Provisions” is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or the provisions of this Condition apply in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms by virtue of the specification for the relevant Transaction Type in the Physical Settlement

--- Page 288 ---
288 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Matrix, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition 24, the following provisions 
will apply: 
(a) 
The definition of “Failure to Pay” in Condition 24.7 shall be deleted and replaced with 
the following: 
“Failure to Pay” means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the 
satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), 
the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure 
provided that, if an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a 
redenomination that occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority 
which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and 
(b) a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time of the 
redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay 
unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, 
principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely available 
market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. If “Credit Deterioration 
Requirement” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure 
does not directly or indirectly either result from, or result in, a deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity. In the event that the 
Calculation Agent makes any such determination, it may take into account the guidance 
note set out in paragraph 3 (Interpretive Guidance) of the ISDA 2019 Narrowly 
Tailored Credit Event Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
(published on 15 July 2019). ” 
(b) 
The definition of “Outstanding Principal Balance” in Condition 24.7 shall be deleted 
and replaced with the following: 
“Outstanding Principal Balance” means the outstanding principal balance of an obligation 
which will be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's 
principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with 
Condition 24.3, the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid interest payment obligations 
(which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (i) the Outstanding Principal 
Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the Underlying 
Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference Entity were references to the 
Underlying Obligor) and (ii) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(ii) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms 
of the obligation, (i) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may otherwise be 
reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event or circumstance (other than by way of (A) payment or (B) a Permitted 
Contingency) (the amount determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above less any 
amounts subtracted in accordance with this paragraph (b), the “Non-Contingent 
Amount”); and 
(iii) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the 
Outstanding Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined:

--- Page 289 ---
289 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(a) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in 
effect on the Valuation Date; and 
(b) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any 
applicable laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim 
to reflect the original issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
For the purposes of paragraph (b) above, “applicable laws” shall include any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors’ rights to which the 
relevant obligation is, or may become, subject. 
If “Fallback Discounting” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then, 
notwithstanding the above, if (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is 
not reduced or discounted under paragraph (b) above, (ii) that obligation is either a 
Bond that has an issue price less than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption 
amount or a Loan where the amount advanced is less than ninety-five per cent of the 
principal repayment amount, and (iii) such Bond or Loan does not include provisions 
relating to the accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on an early 
redemption or repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable 
type of Bond or Loan as the case may be, then the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
such Bond or Loan shall be the lesser of (a) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (b) an 
amount determined by straight line interpolation between the issue price of the Bond 
or the amount advanced under the Loan and the principal redemption amount or 
principal repayment amount, as applicable. 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount 
advanced under a Loan is less than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption 
amount or principal repayment amount (as applicable) or, where applicable, for 
applying straight line interpolation: 
(x) 
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the issue 
price or amount advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the 
exchange shall be deemed to be equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the original obligation(s) that were tendered or exchanged (the 
“Original Obligation(s)”) at the time of such exchange (determined without 
regard to market or trading value of the Original Obligation(s)); and 
(y) 
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation 
previously issued by the Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be treated 
as having the same issue price or amount advanced as the prior debt obligation. 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in 
exchange for the Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the 
allocation of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s) 
amongst each of the resulting obligations for the purpose of determining the issue price 
or amount advanced of the relevant Bond or Loan. Such allocation will take into 
account the interest rate, maturity, level of subordination and other terms of the 
obligations that resulted from the exchange and shall be made by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the methodology (if any) determined by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
In this definition, “Quantum of the Claim” means the lowest amount of the claim 
which could be validly asserted against the Reference Entity in respect of the Non 
Contingent Amount if the obligation had become redeemable, been accelerated, 
terminated or had otherwise become due and payable at the time of the relevant

--- Page 290 ---
290 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-
Contingent Amount. 
24.13 Monoline Insurer Reference Entities Provisions 
If “Provisions relating to Monoline Insurer as Reference Entity” is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms or the provisions of this Condition apply in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms by virtue of the specification for the relevant Transaction Type in the 
Physical Settlement Matrix, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition 24, the 
following provisions will apply: 
(i) 
Obligation and Deliverable Obligation. Paragraph (i) of the definition of Obligation 
in Condition 24.7, paragraph (A) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation in 
Condition 24.7 and the definition of Valuation Obligation in Condition 24.7 are hereby 
amended by adding “or Qualifying Policy” after “as provider of a Relevant Guarantee”.  
(ii) 
Interpretation of Provisions. In the event that an Obligation or a Deliverable 
Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, Condition 24.4 will apply, with references to the 
Relevant Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor deemed to 
include the Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor, 
respectively, except that: 
(I) 
the Obligation Category Borrowed Money and the Obligation Category and 
Deliverable Obligation Category Bond shall be deemed to include distributions 
payable under an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate 
or similar funded beneficial interest, the Deliverable Obligation Category Bond 
shall be deemed to include such an Insured Instrument, and the terms 
“obligation” and “obligor” as used in this Condition 24 in respect of such an 
Insured Instrument shall be construed accordingly; 
(II) 
references in the definitions of Assignable Loan and Consent Required Loan 
to the guarantor and guaranteeing shall be deemed to include the insurer and 
insuring, respectively; 
(III) 
neither the Qualifying Policy nor the Insured Instrument must satisfy on the 
relevant date the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic of Accelerated or 
Matured, whether or not that characteristic is otherwise specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
(IV) 
if the Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation or 
Transferable Deliverable Obligation Characteristics are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and if the benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not 
transferred as part of any transfer of the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying 
Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured 
Instrument;  
(V) 
with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate 
or similar funded beneficial interest, the term “maturity”, as such term is used 
in the Maximum Maturity Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, shall mean 
the specified date by which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as 
applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur; 
and 
(VI) 
with respect to a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, only the 
Qualifying Policy must satisfy on the relevant date or dates the “Not

--- Page 291 ---
291 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Subordinated” 
Obligation 
Characteristic 
or 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristic, if applicable. 
(iii) 
Outstanding Principal Balance. References in paragraph (i) of the definition of 
“Outstanding Principal Balance” in Condition 24.7 to a Guarantee, the Underlying 
Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include a Qualifying Policy, 
the Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor respectively. Any provisions of an 
Insured Instrument limiting recourse in respect of such Insured Instrument to the 
proceeds of specified assets (including proceeds subject to a priority of payments) or 
reducing the amount of any Instrument Payments owing under such Insured 
Instruments shall be disregarded for the purposes of limb (B) of paragraph (ii) of the 
definition of “Outstanding Principal Balance” provided that such provisions are not 
applicable to the Qualifying Policy by the terms thereof and the Qualifying Policy 
continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, the Instrument Payments that would 
have been required to be made absent any such limitation or reduction. 
(iv) 
Deliver. For the purposes of the definition of “Deliver” in Condition 24.7, “Deliver” 
with respect to an obligation that is a Qualifying Policy means to Deliver both the 
Insured Instrument and the benefit of the Qualifying Policy (or a custodial receipt 
issued by an internationally recognised custodian representing an interest in such an 
Insured Instrument and the related Qualifying Policy), and “Delivery” and “Delivered” 
will be construed accordingly. 
(v) 
Provisions for Determining a Successor. 
(I) 
The definition of “succeed” in Condition 24.7; and 
(II) 
Paragraph (A) in the definition of “Successor” in Condition 24.7, 
are hereby amended by adding “or Qualifying Policy” after each occurrence of “a 
Relevant Guarantee”. 
(vi) 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation, Substitute Reference Obligation 
and Substitution Event. The definition of “Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation” and paragraph (C)(A) of the definition of “Substitute Reference 
Obligation”, in each case in Condition 24.7, are hereby amended by adding “or 
Qualifying Policy” after “a guarantee”. 
(vii) 
Restructuring 
(I) 
With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through 
certificate or similar funded beneficial interest or a Qualifying Policy with 
respect thereto, paragraphs (A)(A) to (E) inclusive of the definition of 
“Restructuring” in Condition 24.7 are hereby amended to read as follows: 
“(A) 
any reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments in 
paragraph (A)(x) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or 
insured by the Qualifying Policy (including by way of 
redenomination); 
(B) 
any reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments described in 
paragraph (A)(y) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or 
insured by the Qualifying Policy (including by way of 
redenomination); 
(C) 
any postponement or other deferral of one or more dates for either (x) 
the payment or accrual of the Instrument Payments described in

--- Page 292 ---
292 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
paragraph (A)(x) of the definition thereof or (y) the payment of the 
Instrument Payments described in paragraph (A)(y) of the definition 
thereof, in each case that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying 
Policy; 
(D) 
any change in the ranking in priority of payment of (x) any Obligation 
under a Qualifying Policy in respect of Instrument Payments, causing 
the Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation or (y) 
any Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination of such Insured 
Instrument to any other instrument in the form of a pass-through 
certificate or similar funded beneficial interest issued by the Insured 
Obligor, it being understood that, for this purpose, Subordination will 
be deemed to include any such change that results in a lower ranking 
under a priority of payments provision applicable to the relevant 
Instrument Payments; or 
(E) 
any change in the currency of any payment of Instrument Payments 
that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy to any currency 
other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the 
United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and 
any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which 
in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and 
replaces the euro as a whole). ” 
(II) 
Paragraph (B)(D) of the definition of “Restructuring” in Condition 24.7 is 
hereby amended by adding “or, in the case of a Qualifying Policy and an 
Insured Instrument, where (x) the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or 
insure, as applicable, that the same Instrument Payments will be made on the 
same dates on which the Qualifying Policy guaranteed or insured that such 
Instrument Payments would be made prior to such event and (y) such event is 
not a change in the ranking in the priority of payment of the Qualifying Policy” 
at the end thereof. 
(III) 
The definition of “Restructuring” in Condition 24.7 is hereby amended by the 
insertion of the following paragraph after the final paragraph thereof: 
“For purposes of this definition of “Restructuring”and the definition of 
“Multiple Holder Obligation”, the term “Obligation” shall be deemed to 
include Insured Instruments for which the Reference Entity is acting as 
provider of a Qualifying Policy. In the case of a Qualifying Policy and an 
Insured Instrument, references to the Reference Entity in paragraph (A) of this 
definition of “Restructuring” shall be deemed to refer to the Insured Obligor 
and the reference to the Reference Entity in paragraph (B)(D) in this definition 
of “Restructuring” which shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity. ” 
(viii) 
Other Provisions. For purposes of the definitions of “Credit Event”, “Deliver” and 
“Prohibited Action” in Condition 24.7 references to the “Underlying Obligation” and 
the “Underlying Obligor” shall be deemed to include “Insured Instruments” and the 
“Insured Obligor”, respectively. 
(ix) 
Additional Definitions. 
“Qualifying Policy” means a financial guaranty insurance policy or similar financial 
guarantee pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees or insures all 
Instrument Payments of an instrument that constitutes Borrowed Money (modified as

--- Page 293 ---
293 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
set forth in this Condition 24.13 (the “Insured Instrument”) for which another party 
(including a special purpose entity or trust) is the obligor (the “Insured Obligor”). 
Qualifying Policies shall exclude any arrangement (i) structured as a surety bond, letter 
of credit or equivalent legal arrangement or (ii) pursuant to the express contractual 
terms of which the payment obligations of the Reference Entity can be discharged or 
reduced as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance 
(other than the payment of Instrument Payments). 
“Instrument Payments” means (A) in the case of any Insured Instrument that is in the 
form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, (x) the specified 
periodic distributions in respect of interest or other return on the Certificate Balance on 
or prior to the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance and (y) the ultimate 
distribution of the Certificate Balance on or prior to a specified date and (B) in the case 
of any other Insured Instrument, the scheduled payments of principal and interest, in 
the case of both (A) and (B) (1) determined without regard to limited recourse or 
reduction provisions of the type described in paragraph (iii) above and (2) excluding 
sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups, make-whole amounts, 
early redemption premiums and other similar amounts (whether or not guaranteed or 
insured by the Qualifying Policy). 
“Certificate Balance” means, in the case of an Insured Instrument that is in the form 
of a pass through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the unit principal 
balance, certificate balance or similar measure of unreimbursed principal investment. 
25. 
Terms for Hybrid Warrants 
These terms apply if and as the applicable Final Terms specify. 
The applicable Final Terms shall specify the combination of Underlyings comprised in the Hybrid 
Basket. 
In relation to each Underlying the relevant adjustment provisions shall apply to each such Underlying 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
26. 
Calculation Formulae for Formula Warrants (Additional Terms and Conditions of the 
Warrants) 
The Cash Settlement Amounts for Formula Warrants are determined by reference to specific formulae 
set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Warrants at the end of these Conditions. 
The formulae are designated as follows: 
Vanilla 
Whale Vanilla 
Power Call 
Conditional Vanilla 
Super Asian 
FMA Vanilla 
Individual Cap 
Cappuccino 
Fixed Best 
Inter-Basket Dispersion 
Management Strategy 
Autocall 
Or, in the case of Rate Warrants or Currency Warrants:

--- Page 294 ---
294 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Capped Floored Floater (or Capped Floored Steepener or Reverse Capped Floored Floater/Steepener) 
Binary (or Range Binary or Accrual Range Binary) 
(each a “Relevant Formula”). 
Where a Relevant Formula as aforesaid is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms the 
Relevant Formula so specified shall apply to the Warrants to which such applicable Final Terms relate 
and the Cash Settlement Amount shall be determined accordingly. 
27. 
Substitution of the Issuer (for Natixis Structured Issuance only) 
27.1 
Substitution 
The Issuer, or any previously substituted company may, at any time following the occurrence of a 
Substitution Event, without the consent of the Warrantholders, substitute for itself as principal obligor 
under the Warrants any company (the “Substitute”), being the Issuer or any other company, subject to: 
(a) 
unless a NATIXIS Guarantee applies to the Warrants, the Issuer unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteeing in favour of each Warrantholder the performance of all obligations by 
the Substitute under the Warrants; 
(b) 
the Issuer having obtained from the Substitute an undertaking that the Substitute will indemnify 
the Warrantholders against any adverse financial impact of the tax and regulatory regime (other 
than France or Luxembourg) to which the Substitute is subject and that the Substitute will not 
deduct any costs relating to the substitution from amounts due to the Warrantholders; and 
(c) 
the Substitution Conditions having been satisfied. 
27.2 
Substitution Conditions 
A substitution of the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 27 may only occur if the following conditions 
(the “Substitution Conditions”) are satisfied: 
(a) 
unless the Substitute is NATIXIS, the Substitute having the benefit of any guarantee 
arrangement (or any undertakings pursuant to any guarantee arrangement) from NATIXIS 
equivalent to the guarantee in place immediately prior to such substitution and which is not 
materially less beneficial to the Warrantholders than such existing guarantee arrangement; 
(b) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done to ensure that the 
Warrants and the guarantee arrangement represent legal, valid and binding obligations of the 
Substitute having been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; 
(c) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Warrant Agreement, with any appropriate 
consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it; 
(d) 
if appropriate, the Substitute shall have appointed a process agent as its agent in England to 
receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out 
of or in connection with the Warrants; 
(e) 
the Issuer shall have given at least 30 days’ prior notice of the date of such substitution to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10; 
(f) 
the Issuer confirms that there are no payment arrears in respect of the Warrants and that there 
is no indication that payments will imminently be in arrears or that there may be any issues in 
making any payments in respect of the Warrants; 
(g) 
each stock exchange on which the Securities are listed has confirmed that, following the 
proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Securities will continue to be listed on such stock 
exchange and in the case of Swedish Dematerialised Securities, Euroclear Sweden, in the case

--- Page 295 ---
295 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
of Finnish Dematerialised Securities, Euroclear Finland, or, in the case of Danish 
Dematerialised Securities, Euronext Securities Copenhagen, has consented to such substitution; 
For the purposes of this Condition 27, it is expressly agreed that, by subscribing to, acquiring or 
otherwise purchasing the Warrants, the Warrantholders are deemed to have consented to the substitution 
of Natixis Structured Issuance by the Substitute and to the release of Natixis Structured Issuance from 
any and all obligations in respect of the Warrants and relevant agreements relating thereto and are 
expressly deemed to have accepted such substitution and the consequences thereof. 
28. 
Redenomination 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Warrantholders, on giving notice to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with Condition 10: 
(a) 
elect that, with effect from the Adjustment Date specified in the notice, certain terms of the 
Warrants shall be redenominated in euros; 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(i) where the Settlement Currency of the Warrants is the National Currency Unit 
of a country which is participating in the third stage of European Economic 
and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union), such Settlement Currency shall be deemed to be an amount 
of euros converted from the original Settlement Currency into euros at the 
Established Rate, subject to such provisions (if any) as to rounding as the Issuer 
may decide, after consultation with the Calculation Agent, and as may be 
specified in the notice, and after the Adjustment Date, all payments of the Cash 
Settlement Amount in respect of the Warrants will be made solely in euros as 
though references in the Warrants to the Settlement Currency were to euros; 
(ii) where the Exchange Rate and/or any other terms of these Conditions are 
expressed in or, in the case of the Exchange Rate, contemplate the exchange 
from or into, the currency (the “Original Currency”) of a country which is 
participating in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union, 
such Exchange Rate and/or any other terms of these Conditions shall be 
deemed to be expressed in or, in the case of the Exchange Rate, converted from 
or, as the case may be into, euros at the Established Rate; and 
(iii) such other changes shall be made to these Conditions as the Issuer may decide, 
after consultation with the Calculation Agent to conform them to conventions 
then applicable to instruments expressed in euros; and/or 
(b) 
require that the Calculation Agent make such adjustments to the Settlement Price and/or the 
Exercise Price and/or any other terms of these Conditions and/or the Final Terms as the 
Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion, may determine to be appropriate to account for the 
effect of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union on the Settlement Price 
and/or the Exercise Price and/or such other terms of these Conditions. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Warrant Agent shall 
be liable to any Warrantholder or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation 
to or resulting from the transfer of euros or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection 
therewith; 
In this Condition 28, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Adjustment Date” means a date specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Warrantholders 
pursuant to this Condition 28 which falls on or after the date on which the country of the Original 
Currency first participates in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to 
the Treaty;

--- Page 296 ---
296 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Established Rate” means the rate for the conversion of the Original Currency (including compliance 
with rules relating to rounding in accordance with applicable European Community regulations) into 
euros established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 123 of the Treaty; 
“euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and 
Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty; 
“National Currency Unit” means the unit of the currency of a country, as those units are defined on 
the day before the date on which the country of the Original Currency first participates in the third stage 
of European Economic and Monetary Union; and 
“Treaty” means the treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
29. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
The Warrants do not confer on a third party any right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 
1999 to enforce any term of the Warrants but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party 
which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
30. 
Recognition of Bail-in 
30.1 
Acknowledgement 
Notwithstanding any other term of the Warrants or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding 
between the Issuer and the Warrantholders, by its subscription and/or purchase and holding of the 
Warrants, each Warrantholder (which for the purposes of this Condition 30 includes each holder of a 
beneficial interest in the Warrants) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees: 
(a) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Power (as defined below) by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority (as defined below), which may include and result in any of the following, 
or some combination thereof: 
(i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due (as defined below); 
(ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to 
the Warrantholder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by 
means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the 
Warrants, in which case the Warrantholder agrees to accept in lieu of its rights 
under the Warrants any such shares, other securities or other obligations of the 
Issuer or another person; 
(iii) the cancellation of the Warrants; and/or 
(iv) the amendment or alteration of the duration of the Warrants; 
(b) 
that the terms of the Warrants are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to, 
the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
30.2 
Payment of Outstanding Amounts Due 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the exercise 
of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer unless, at the time 
such repayment or payment, respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment or payment 
would be permitted to be made by the Issuer under the laws and regulations in effect in France or 
Luxembourg, as applicable, and the European Union applicable to the Issuer or other members of its 
group.

--- Page 297 ---
297 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
30.3 
No Event of Default 
Neither a cancellation of the Warrants, a reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion 
thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of 
the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of 
any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Warrants will be an event 
of default or otherwise constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the 
Warrantholder to any remedies (including equitable remedies) which are hereby expressly waived. 
30.4 
Notice to Warrantholders 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the 
Warrants, the Issuer will give notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10 (Notices) 
as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-in Power. The Issuer will also deliver a copy 
of such notice to the Principal Paying Agent for information purposes, although the Principal Paying 
Agent shall not be required to send such notice to Warrantholders. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to 
give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-in Power nor the effects on the 
Warrants described in sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of Condition 30.1. 
30.5 
Duties of the Principal Paying Agent 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, the Issuer and each 
Warrantholder (including each holder of a beneficial interest in the Warrants) hereby agree that (a) the 
Principal Paying Agent shall not be required to take any directions from Warrantholders, and (b) the 
Warrant Agreement shall impose no duties upon the Principal Paying Agent whatsoever, in each case 
with respect to the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Notwithstanding the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, the provisions 
of this Agreement shall remain applicable to any outstanding Warrants following the completion of the 
exercise of such Bail-In Power(for example, if the exercise of the Bail-In Power results in only a partial 
write-down of the principal of the Warrants). 
30.6 
Prorating 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Bail-in Power with respect to less than the total 
Amounts Due, unless the Principal Paying Agent is otherwise instructed by the Issuer or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the Warrants 
pursuant to the Bail-in Power will be made on a pro-rata basis. 
30.7 
Conditions Exhaustive 
The matters set forth in this Condition 30 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion 
of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Issuer and any holder of a 
Warrant. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Amounts Due” means the amounts due on the Warrants. References to such amounts will include 
amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of the 
Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
“Bail-in Power” means any power existing from time to time under any laws, regulations, rules or 
requirements in effect in, where NATIXIS is the Issuer, France, or, where Natixis Structured Issuance 
is the Issuer, Luxembourg, relating to the transposition of the BRRD Regulation, including without 
limitation pursuant to French decree-law No. 2015-1024 dated 20 August 2015 (Ordonnance portant 
diverses dispositions d’adaptation de la législation au droit de l’Union européenne en matière 
financière) (as amended from time to time, the “20 August 2015 Decree Law”), the Luxembourg act 
dated 18 December 2015 on the recovery, resolution and liquidation of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms, as amended (the “BRR Act 2015”), Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for

--- Page 298 ---
298 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution 
Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (as amended 
from time to time, the “Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation”), or otherwise arising under, where 
NATIXIS is the Issuer, French law or, where Natixis Structured Issuance is the Issuer, Luxembourg 
law, and in each case the instructions, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which the 
obligations of a Relevant Entity (or an affiliate of such Relevant Entity) can be reduced (in part or in 
whole), cancelled, suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise modified in any way, or securities of a 
Relevant Entity (or an affiliate of such Relevant Entity) can be converted into shares, other securities, 
or other obligations of such Relevant Entity or any other person, whether in connection with the 
implementation of a bail-in tool following placement in resolution or otherwise. 
“Relevant Entity” means any entity referred to in Section I of Article L.613- 34 of the French Code 
Monétaire et Financier as modified by the 20 August 2015 Decree Law, which includes certain credit 
institutions, investment firms, and certain of their parent or holding companies established in France or 
any entity referred to in Article 2 of the BRR Act 2015, which includes certain credit institutions, 
investment firms or relevant financial institutions (such as Natixis Structured Issuance) established in 
Luxembourg). 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means, where NATIXIS is the Issuer, the Autorité de contrôle 
prudential et de résolution or, where Natixis Structured Issuance is the Issuer, the Commission de 
Surveillance du Secteur Financier acting as resolution council (conseil de resolution), as applicable, 
and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Bail-in Power from 
time to time, including the Single Resolution Board, the European Central Bank, the European Banking 
Authority, the European Council and the European Commission when acting pursuant to Article 18 of 
the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation.

--- Page 299 ---
299 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
A. DEFINITIONS SCHEDULE 
“Notional Amount” means in relation to each Warrant an amount specified as such in the Final Terms. 
“Selection” means a set of one or more Underlyings, the number of which is referred to as “n”. Each 
Underlying is assigned an index “i” ranging from 1 to n. 
“Underlying(s)” means a Share, an Index, a Fund, a proprietary Index, a Commodity, a currency, an 
interest rate or any other underlying specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or (a) basket(s) of 
any of the foregoing as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Observation Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is 
not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day for any Underlying, the next following relevant Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying subject to the “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in the 
relevant Condition and the occurrence of an Early Settlement provided that any reference to Valuation 
Date made in that Condition shall be construed as a reference to the Observation Date for the purposes 
of these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
“Observation Dates Set” means a series of Observation Dates specified in the Final Terms. 
“Valuation Date” means, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is 
not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day for any Underlying, the next following relevant Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying, subject to the “Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)” set forth in the 
relevant Condition and the occurrence of an Early Settlement. 
“Price” means the Final Price or the Final Level as defined in the relevant Condition provided that any 
reference to Valuation Date made in that definition shall be construed as a reference to a Valuation Date 
or an Observation Date for the purposes of these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
“Relevant FX” means an Exchange Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Price (i, s)” means the Price of the Underlying with the index “i” in respect of the Valuation Date or 
Observation Date indexed “s”, “s” being any temporal index. 
“Reference Price (i)” means, in respect of an Underlying “i” that is a Share, an Index, a Commodity, a 
Fund, Relevant Rate Benchmark or a Futures Contract, the Initial Price or the Initial Level as defined 
in the relevant Condition, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Price (i, Observation Dates Set)” means a value calculated by reference to the Prices of the 
Underlying “i”, observed on each Observation Date falling within the specified Price Observation Dates 
Set. Such value is calculated using one of the following formulae: 
 
“Average Price (i)” means the equal-weighted average of the Prices of the Underlying “i” on 
the Observation Dates falling within the relevant Price Observation Dates Set, as calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
1
m ∑Price(i,s)
m
s=1
 
where: 
“m” means the number of Observation Dates in the Price Observation Dates Set; 
“Price (i,s)” means the Price of the Underlying “i” on the Observation Date indexed by “s” in 
the Price Observation Dates Set.

--- Page 300 ---
300 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
“Weighted Average Price (i)” means the weighted average of the Prices of the Underlying “i” 
on the Observation Dates falling within the Price Observation Dates Set, as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
∑αsi × Price(i,s)
m
s=1
 
where: 
“m” means the number of Observation Dates in the Price Observation Dates Set; 
“Price (i,s)” means the Price of the Underlying “i” on the Observation Date indexed by “s” in 
the Price Observation Dates Set; and 
αsi means the weighting attributed to the Underlying “i” on the Observation Date indexed by “s” 
in the Price Observation Dates Set, as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Max Price (i)” means the highest (“Max”) Price observed in respect of an Underlying “i” on 
any of the Observation Dates falling within the Price Observation Dates Set, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Max
1≤s≤m(Price(i,s)) 
 
“Min Price (i)” means the lowest (“Min”) Price observed in respect of an Underlying “i” on 
any of the Observation Dates falling within the Price Observation Dates Set, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Min
1≤s≤m(Price(i,s)) 
 
“Ranked Weighted Average Price (i)” means the weighted average of the Prices of the 
Underlying “i” on the Observation Dates falling within the Price Observation Dates Set, after 
such Prices have been ranked in order from the lowest to the highest, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
∑αk
i
m
k=1
× RankedPrice(i,k) 
where: 
“m” means the number of Observation Dates in the Price Observation Dates Set; 
“k” means the position in the ranking of the ranked Price, 
“Ranked Price(i,k)” means the “k”th 
lowest Price of the Underlying “i” from amongst all prices observed through the Price 
Observation Dates Set; 
αsi means a weighting attributed to the “k” ranked observation in respect of the Underlying “i”, 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
“Price Observation Dates Set” means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final Terms. 
“IndivPerf(i, t)” or “Individual Performance” means, in respect of an Underlying “i” in the Selection, 
the performance of such Underlying on the Valuation Date or Observation Date “t”, as calculated by 
the Calculation Agent using one of the following formulae:

--- Page 301 ---
301 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
“European Individual Performance”: 
Price(i,t)
Reference Price (i) 
 
“Average Individual Performance”: 
Price(i,Observation Dates Set(t)) 
Reference Price(i)
 
 
“Ratchet Individual Performance”: 
Price(i, Observation Dates Set1(t))
Price(i, Observation Dates Set2(t)) 
“Observation Dates Set(t)”, Observation Dates Set1(t) and Observation Dates Set2(t) mean 
Observation Dates Sets specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
“Actuarial Individual Performance” 
(
Price(i, t)
Reference Price(i))
^( 1
r(t))
 
“r(t)” means a number specified in the Final Terms. 
“LocalBasketPerf” or “Local Performance” means, in respect of a Selection of “n” Underlyings, the 
performance of such Selection calculated using one of the following formulae, on a Valuation Date or 
Observation Date indexed “t”: 
 
“Weighted” means the weighted average of the Individual Performances of each Underlying in 
the Selection, as calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
∑wi × IndivPerf (i,t)
n
i=1
 
where: 
“ωi” means a weighting assigned to the Underlying indexed “i”, as specified in the Final Terms; 
“n” means the number of Underlyings in the Selection. 
 
“Best Of” means the highest (“Max”) Individual Performance in the Selection, as calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Max
1≤i≤n(IndivPerf(i,t)) 
 
“Worst Of” means the lowest (“Min”) Individual Performance in the Selection, as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Min
1≤i≤n(IndivPerf(i,t))
 
 
“Ranked Weighted” means the weighted average of the Individual Performances of each 
Underlying in the Selection after these have been ranked in order from the lowest to the highest, 
as calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
∑
j×RankedIndivPerf (j,t)
n
j=1

--- Page 302 ---
302 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
where: 
“RankedIndivPerf(j,t)” means the “j”th lowest determined Individual Performance from 
amongst the Individual Performances of all Underlyings in the Selection, calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date or Observation Date indexed “t”; and 
“ωj” means a weighting assigned to the “j”th lowest Individual Performance, whose value will 
be specified in the Final Terms. 
“BasketPerf” means the performance of the Selection of Underlyings, calculated on a Valuation Date 
or Observation Date indexed “t”, associated with, if relevant, an Observation Dates Set. Its value is 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with one of the following formulae: 
 
“Local Performance” means a single Local Performance: 
Local BasketPerf (t) 
 
“Average Performance” means the average of the Local Performances of the Selection on the 
specified Average Observation Dates Set, as calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
1
m ∑LocalBasketPerf(s)
m
s=1
 
where: 
“m” means the number of Observation Dates in the Average Observation Dates Set; 
“LocalBasketPerf(s)” means the Local Performance of the Selection on the Observation Date 
indexed by “s” in the Average Observation Dates Set. 
 
“Max Lookback Performance” means the highest (“Max”) Local Performance of the Selection 
observed on the specified Lookback Observation Dates Set, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Max
1≤s≤m(Local BasketPerf(s)) 
where: 
“m” means the number of Observation Dates in the Lookback Observation Dates Set; 
“LocalBasketPerf(s)” means the Local Performance of the Selection on the Observation Date 
indexed by “s” in the Lookback Observation Dates Set. 
 
“Min Lookback Performance” means the lowest (“Min”) Local Performance of the Selection 
observed on the specified Lookback Observation Dates Set, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Min
1≤s≤m(Local BasketPerf(s))
 
where: 
“m” means the number of Observation Dates in the Lookback Observation Dates Set; 
“LocalBasketPerf(s)” means the Local Performance of the Selection on the Observation Date 
indexed by “s” in the Lookback Observation Dates Set.

--- Page 303 ---
303 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
“Max Strike Performance” 
1
m1 ∑
Local BasketPerf(s)
m1
s=1
Min (PerfCap, Max
1≤s≤m2(Local BasketPerf (s)))
 
where: 
“m1” means the number of Observation Dates in the Observation Dates Set 1; 
“m2” means the number of Observation Dates in the Observation Dates Set 2; 
“LocalBasketPerf(s)” means the Local Performance of the Selection on the Observation Date 
indexed by “s” in the relevant Observation Dates Set. 
“PerfCap” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Min Strike Performance” 
1
m1 ∑
Local BasketPerf(s)
m1
s=1
Max (PerfFloor, Min
1≤s≤m2(Local BasketPerf(s)))
 
where: 
“𝐦𝟏”means the number of Observation Dates in the Observation Dates Set 1; 
“𝐦𝟐”means the number of Observation Dates in the Observation Dates Set 2; 
“LocalBasketPerf(s)” means the Local Performance of the Selection on the Observation Date 
indexed by “s” in the relevant Observation Dates Set. 
“PerfFloor” means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
“Average Strike Max Lookback Performance” 
Max
1≤s≤m2(Local BasketPerf(s))
1
m1 ∑
Local BasketPerf(s)
m1
s=1
 
where: 
“𝐦𝟏”means the number of Observation Dates in the Observation Dates Set 1; 
“𝐦𝟐”means the number of Observation Dates in the Observation Dates Set 2; 
“LocalBasketPerf(s)” means the Local Performance of the Selection on the Observation Date 
indexed by “s” in the relevant Observation Dates Set. 
 
“Average Strike Min Lookback Performance” 
Min
1≤s≤m2(Local BasketPerf(s))
1
m1 ∑
Local BasketPerf(s)
m1
s=1
 
where: 
“m1” means the number of Observation Dates in the Observation Dates Set 1; 
“m2” means the number of Observation Dates in the Observation Dates Set 2;

--- Page 304 ---
304 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“LocalBasketPerf(s)” means the Local Performance of the Selection on the Observation Date 
indexed by “s” in the relevant Observation Dates Set. 
 
“In-Out Average Performance” 
1
m2 ∑
Local BasketPerf(s)
m2
s=1
1
m1 ∑
Local BasketPerf(s)
m1
s=1
 
“m1” means the number of Observation Dates in Observation Dates Set 1. 
“m2” means the number of Observation Dates in Observation Dates Set 2. 
“LocalBasketPerf(s)” means the Local Performance of the Selection on the Observation Date 
indexed by “s” in the relevant Observation Dates Set. 
 
“Lookback Actuarial Performance” 
Max
1 ≤ s ≤ m ((LocalBasketPerf(s))^ ( 1
r(s))) 
“m” means the number of Observation Dates in the Actuarial Observation Dates Set. 
“r(s)” means, for each temporal index “s”, a number specified in the Final Terms. 
“LocalBasketPerf(s)” means the Local Performance of the Selection on the Observation Date 
indexed by “s” in the Actuarial Observation Dates Set. 
“Weighted Best Of” means the highest (“Max”) Individual Performance in the Selection weighted by 
a factor depending on the corresponding Underlying, as calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
LocalBasketPerf (t) = ωk × 𝑀𝑎𝑥
1≤𝑖≤𝑛 (𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑣𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓 (i, 𝑡)) 
where: 
ωk means the weighting assigned to the Underlying indexed “k” for which IndivPerf (k ,t) = 𝑀𝑎𝑥
1≤𝑖≤𝑛 
(IndivPerf (i, t)), as specified in the Final Terms. 
“Weighted Worst Of” means the lowest (“Min”) Individual Performance in the Selection weighted by 
a factor depending on the corresponding Underlying, as calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
LocalBasketPerf (t) = ωk × 𝑀𝑖𝑛
1≤𝑖≤𝑛 (𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑣𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓 (i, 𝑡)) 
where: 
ωk means the weighting assigned to the Underlying indexed “k” for which IndivPerf (k ,t) = 𝑀𝑖𝑛
1≤𝑖≤𝑛 
(𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑣𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓 (i, 𝑡)), as specified in the Final Terms. 
Average Observation Dates Set, Lookback Observation Dates Set, Actuarial Observation Dates 
Set, Observation Dates Set 1 and “Observation Dates Set 2” mean Observation Dates Sets specified 
in the Final Terms. 
“Max” means in respect of a series of numbers inside brackets and separated by “,”, the greatest of such 
numbers. If any such number is specified as being “Not Applicable”, such number shall be ignored in 
the calculation of the function.

--- Page 305 ---
305 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“Min” means in respect of a series of numbers inside brackets and separated by “,”, the smallest of such 
numbers. If any such number is specified as being “Not Applicable”, such number shall be ignored in 
the calculation of the function. 
∑
n
i,k,1=1
or “Sum” means in respect of the term to which it applies, the sum of the “n” values that the 
term will accommodate. 
∏
𝑛
i,k,1=1
or “Product” means in respect of the term to which it applies, the product of the “n” values 
that the term will accommodate. 
× means the mathematical sign for multiplication. 
/ means the mathematical sign for division. 
+ means the mathematical sign for addition. 
- means the mathematical sign for subtraction. 
> means that the term preceding (at the left side) the sign is higher than the term following (at the right) 
the sign. 
< means that the term preceding (at the left side) the sign is lower than the term following (at the right) 
the sign. 
≥ means that the term preceding (at the left side) the sign is equal to or higher than the term following 
(at the right) the sign. 
≤ means that the term preceding (at the left side) the sign is equal to or lower than the term following 
(at the right) the sign. 
|𝒏| or “ABS (n)” means the absolute value of the term between the brackets. 
“%” means percentage, i.e. a fraction of 100. For the avoidance of doubt, 1% or 1 per cent is equal to 
0.01. 
[x]^[n] means the generalised power operation where “x” is the base and “n” is the exponent. The 
generalised power operation result is equivalently defined by the formula: 
[x]^[n]=exp([n]×ln([x])) 
where “exp” is the symbol of the exponential operator and “ln” is the symbol of the natural logarithm 
operator. 
Any terms which would not be defined in this Annex refer directly to the definition set forth in the 
section applicable to the relevant Underlying. 
B. WARRANT SPECIFIC CASH SETTLEMENT PROFILES 
The formulae set out in the following Additional Terms and Conditions are used in the calculation of the Cash 
Settlement Amount as provided in Condition 4. 
“Vanilla” 
The objective of the Vanilla is to pay an amount or, in the case of Physical Delivery 
Warrants, to deliver an Entitlement with a value linked to the performance of the Selection. 
 
The Cash Settlement Amount per Warrant or, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the 
value of the Entitlement is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
Notional Amount × Participation × FXT

--- Page 306 ---
306 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
where: 
 
Participation is equal to: 
 
G × Min(Cap, Max(Type × (P × BasketPerf(T) −K), Floor)) 
 
where: 
 
“G” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Cap” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Floor” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“K” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“P” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Type” means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“BasketPerf(T)” means the performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date, associated 
with, if need be, an Observation Dates Set. Its value is calculated using one of the formulae 
listed in the Definitions Schedule, the name of which shall be stipulated in the Final Terms. 
 
“FXT” means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX(T)/FX(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where “FX(T)” means the value of the Relevant FX as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the Valuation Date and “FX (0)” means the value of the Relevant FX as determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date. 
 
“Relevant FX” means an Exchange Rate specified in the Final Terms. 
“Whale 
Vanilla” 
The objective of the Whale Vanilla is to pay an amount or, in the case of Physical Delivery 
Warrants, to deliver an Entitlement with a value linked to the performance of the Selection. 
 
The Cash Settlement Amount per Warrant or, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the 
value of the Entitlement is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
Notional Amount × Participation × FXT 
 
Where: 
 
“Participation” is equal to: 
 
G × Min (Cap, Max (Type× (
K1
BasketPerf(T)  − K2) , Floor)) 
 
where: 
 
“G” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Cap” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Floor” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“K1”,” K2” means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Type” means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“BasketPerf(T)” means the Performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date, associated 
with, if need be, an Observation Dates Set. Its value is calculated using one of the formulae 
listed in the Definitions Schedule, the name of which shall be stipulated in the Final Terms.

--- Page 307 ---
307 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
“FXT” means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX(T)/FX(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where “FX(T)” means the value of the Relevant FX as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the Valuation Date, and “FX (0)” means the value of the Relevant FX as determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date. 
 
“Relevant FX” means an Exchange Rate specified in the Final Terms. 
“Power Call” 
The objective of the Power Call is to pay an amount or, in the case of Physical Delivery 
Warrants, to deliver an Entitlement with a value linked to the performance of the Selection. 
This amount is multiplied by a factor also determined on the basis of the performance of the 
Selection. Consequently, the Power Call is impacted by the square of the performance of the 
Selection. 
 
The Cash Settlement Amount per Warrant or, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the 
value of the Entitlement is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
Notional Amount×Participation×FXT 
 
Where: 
 
“Participation” is equal to: 
 
Participation Rate×Vanilla 
 
with: 
 
“ParticipationRate” = G x Min (Cap, BasketPerf(T)) 
 
“Vanilla” = Max(Type × (BasketPerf(T) – K), Floor) 
 
where: 
 
“G” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Cap” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Floor” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“K” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Type” means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“BasketPerf(T)” means the Performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date, associated 
with, if need be, an Observation Dates Set. Its value is calculated using one of the formulae 
listed in the Definitions Schedule, the name of which shall be stipulated in the Final Terms. 
 
“FXT” means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX(T)/FX(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where “FX(T)” means the value of the Relevant FX as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the Valuation Date, and “FX (0)” means the value of the Relevant FX as determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date. 
 
“Relevant FX” means an Exchange Rate specified in the Final Terms. 
“Conditional 
Vanilla” 
The Conditional Vanilla is designed to pay an amount or, in the case of Physical Delivery 
Warrants, to deliver an Entitlement with a value linked to the performance of the Selection. 
The payment of this amount is nonetheless conditional on the fulfilment of one or more 
conditions. 
 
The Cash Settlement Amount per Warrant or, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the 
value of the Entitlement is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:

--- Page 308 ---
308 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
Notional Amount × [(Vanilla1 × Condition1 × FX1) + (Vanilla2 Condition2 × FX2) + (Vanilla3 
× Condition3 × FX3)] 
 
Where: 
 
Vanilla1 = G1 × Min(Cap1, Max(Type1 × (BasketPerf1 (T) – K1), Floor1)) 
 
Vanilla2 = G2 × Min(Cap2, Max(Type2 × (BasketPerf2 (T) – K2), Floor2)) 
 
Vanilla3 = G3 × Min(Cap3, Max(Type3 × (BasketPerf3 (T) – K3), Floor3)) 
 
The value of each Condition is determined as follows: 
 
Condition1 = 1 if BasketPerf4 (T) ≥ H 
= 0 if not 
 
Condition2 = 1 if BasketPerf5 (T) ≤ B 
= 0 if not 
 
Condition3 = 1 if BasketPerf6 (T) ≥ D1 and BasketPerf7 (T) ≤ D2 
= 0 if not 
 
where: 
 
“G1”,” G2”, “G3” means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Cap1”, “Cap2”, “Cap3” means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Floor1”,”Floor2”,”Floor3” means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“K1”,” K2”,” K3” means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Type1”, “Type2”,” Type3” means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
“H” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If “H” is specified as Not 
Applicable, then Condition1 = 0 in any event. 
 
“B” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If “B” is specified as Not Applicable, 
then Condition2 = 1 in any event. 
 
“D1” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If “D1” is specified as Not 
Applicable, then: 
 
Condition3 = 1 if BasketPerf7 (T) ≤ D2 
= 0 if not 
 
“D2” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If “D2” is specified as Not 
Applicable, then: 
 
 
If “D1” is not specified as Not Applicable: 
 
Condition3 = 1 if BasketPerf7 (T) ≥ D1 
= 0 if not 
 
 
If not Condition3 = 0 in any event. 
 
“BasketPerf1 (T)”, “BasketPerf2 (T)”, “BasketPerf3 (T)”, “BasketPerf4 (T)”, 
“BasketPerf5 (T)”, “BasketPerf6 (T)”, “BasketPerf7 (T)” means Performances of the 
Selection on the Valuation Date, associated with, if need be, an Observation Dates Set. Each

--- Page 309 ---
309 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
of their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in the Definitions 
Schedule, as specified in the Final Terms. It should be noted that the formula used to 
calculate “BasketPerfi(T)” may be different than the formula used to calculate 
“BasketPerfj(T)”, for different subscripts “i” and “j”. 
 
“FX1” means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX1(T)/FX1(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where “FX1(T)” means the value of the Relevant FX 1 as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Valuation Date, and “FX1(0)” means the value of the Relevant FX 1 as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date. 
 
“FX2” means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX2(T)/FX2(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where “FX2(T)” means the value of the Relevant FX 2 as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Valuation Date, and “FX2(0)” means the value of the Relevant FX 2 as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date. 
 
“FX3” means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX3(T)/FX3(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where “FX3(T)” means the value of the Relevant FX 3 as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Valuation Date, and “FX3(0)” means the value of the Relevant FX 3 as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date. 
 
“Relevant FX 1” means an Exchange Rate specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Relevant FX 2” means an Exchange Rate specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Relevant FX 3” means an Exchange Rate specified in the Final Terms. 
“Super 
Asian” 
A Super Asian Warrant delivers a Cash Settlement Amount or, in the case of Physical 
Delivery Warrants, an Entitlement with a value that is proportional to an improved average 
of the Selection performances at all Observation Dates. A Performance at an Observation 
Date is retained for the calculation of the final average only if it enhances the Cash 
Settlement Amount for the Holder. 
 
On each Observation Date indexed “t”, the performance of the Selection “BasketPerf(t)” is 
calculated by the Calculation Agent using one of the formulae specified in the Definitions 
Schedule, the name of which shall be stipulated in the Final Terms. 
 
The calculated Performance is “Memorised” if: 
 
 
If Type =1: it is strictly greater than the performance of the Selection on the previous 
Observation Date indexed “t-1”: BasketPerf(t) > BasketPerf(t-1) 
 
 
If Type =-1: it is strictly lower than the performance of the Selection on the previous 
Observation Date indexed “t-1”: BasketPerf(t) < BasketPerf(t-1) 
 
The initial performance is defined as: BasketPerf(0) = 100%. It may be “Memorised” or not, 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Type” means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Cash Settlement Amount per Warrant or, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the 
value of the Entitlement is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
Notional Amount × Participation × FXT 
 
Where: 
 
“Participation” is equal to: 
 
G × Min(Cap, Max(Type × (SuperAverage - K), Floor))

--- Page 310 ---
310 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
where: 
 
 
“G” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
“Cap” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
“Floor” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
“K” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
“Super Average” means the arithmetic average of the performances of the Selection 
previously memorised. 
 
 
“FXT” means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX(T)/FX(0), as specified in the Final 
Terms, where “FX(T)” means the value of the Relevant FX as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date, and “FX (0)” means the value of the 
Relevant FX as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date. 
 
 
“Relevant FX” means an Exchange Rate specified in the Final Terms. 
“FMA 
Vanilla” 
The FMA Vanilla delivers a final interest amount or, in the case of Physical Delivery 
Warrants, an Entitlement with a value equal to the arithmetic average of several optional 
amounts, the value being a simple function of the performance of the Selection, subject to a 
local cap and a local floor. 
 
On each Observation Date indexed “t”, an “Amount(t)” is calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
Amount(t) = G(t) × Min(Cap(t),Max(Floor(t),Type × (BasketPerf(t) – K))) 
 
On the last Valuation Date, the arithmetic average of the “Amounts(t)” is calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
Arithmetic Average = 1
T ∑Amount(t)
T
t=1
 
 
where: 
 
“Floor(t)” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Cap(t)” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“G(t)” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“BasketPerf(t)” means the performance of the Selection on the Observation Date “t”. Its 
value is calculated using one of the formulae specified in the Definitions Schedule. 
 
“T” means a number specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“K” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Type” means a number equal to (1) or (-1), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Cash Settlement Amount per Warrant or, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the 
value of the Entitlement is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
Notional Amount × Participation × FXT 
 
“FXT” means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX(T)/FX(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where “FX(T)” means the value of the Relevant FX as determined by the Calculation Agent

--- Page 311 ---
311 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
on the Valuation Date, and “FX (0)” means the value of the Relevant FX as determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date. 
 
“Relevant FX” means an Exchange Rate specified in the Final Terms. 
“Individual 
Cap” 
The Individual Cap Warrant delivers a Cash Settlement Amount or, in the case of Physical 
Delivery Warrants, an Entitlement with a value calculated as the weighted average of the 
Individual Performances of all Underlyings, subject to a global lower bound (GlobalFloor). 
Each Individual Performance is subject as well to an upper bound (Cap) and a lower bound 
(Floor). 
 
The Cash Settlement Amount per Warrant or, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the 
value of the Entitlement is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
Notional Amount × [G × Max (GlobalFloor, ∑𝛚i
n
i=1
× IndivPerfCap(i, T) −K)] × FXT 
 
Where: 
 
“IndivPerfCap(i, T)” means the following formula: 
 
IndivPerfCap(i, T) = Max (Floor, Min(Cap, IndivPerf(i, T))) 
 
where: 
 
“IndivPerf(i,T)” means the Individual Performance of the Underlying indexed “i” in the 
Selection on the Valuation Date, in accordance with one of the formulae described in the 
Definitions Schedule, the name of which shall be stipulated in the Final Terms. 
 
“G” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“GlobalFloor” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Floor” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Cap” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“K” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“ωi” means a weighting assigned to the Underlying indexed “i”, as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
“FXT” means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX(T)/FX(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where “FX(T)” means the value of the Relevant FX as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the Valuation Date, and “FX (0)” means the value of the Relevant FX as determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date. 
 
“Relevant FX” means an Exchange Rate specified in the Final Terms. 
“Cappuccino
” 
The Cappuccino Warrant delivers a Cash Settlement Amount or, in the case of Physical 
Delivery Warrants, an Entitlement calculated as the weighted average of the Individual 
Performances of all Underlyings, subject to a global lower bound (GlobalFloor). Each 
Individual Performance is fixed at a constant level (Cappuccino) as soon as it triggers a 
barrier (H). 
 
The Cash Settlement Amount per Warrant or, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the 
value of the Entitlement is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:

--- Page 312 ---
312 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
Notional Amount × [G × Max (GlobalFloor, ∑𝛚i
n
i=1
× IndivPerfCappu(i, T) −K)]
× FXT 
 
Where: 
 
IndivPerfCappu(i,T) = Cappuccino if IndivPerf(i,T)  H 
= IndivPerf(i,T) if not 
 
where: 
 
“IndivPerf(i,T)” means the Individual Performance of the Underlying indexed “i” in the 
Selection on the Valuation Date, in accordance with one of the formulae described in the 
Definitions Schedule, the name of which shall be stipulated in the Final Terms. 
 
“G” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“K” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“H” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“GlobalFloor” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Cappuccino” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“𝛚i” means a weighting assigned to Underlying indexed “i”, as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“FXT” means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX(T)/FX(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where “FX(T)” means the value of the Relevant FX as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the Valuation Date, and “FX (0)” means the value of the Relevant FX as determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date. 
 
“Relevant FX” means an Exchange Rate specified in the Final Terms. 
“Fixed Best” 
The Fixed Best Warrant delivers a Cash Settlement Amount or, in the case of Physical 
Delivery Warrants, an Entitlement with a value calculated as the weighted average of the 
Individual Performances of all Underlyings, subject to a global lower bound (Floor). If an 
Individual Performance is among the “nbf” best performances, then its value is fixed at a 
constant level (F). The other Performances stay with their actual value. 
 
The Cash Settlement Amount per Warrant or, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the 
value of the Entitlement is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
Notional Amount× [G × Max (Floor, (∑𝛚j
n-nbf
j=1
×RankedIndivPerf(j,T)+
∑
𝛚j
n
j=n−nbf+1
×F) −K)] ×FXT 
 
where: 
 
“G” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Floor” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“nbf” means a whole number between 0 and n as specified in the Final Terms. If “nbf” is 
specified as being equal to “n”, then

--- Page 313 ---
313 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
∑𝛚j
n-nbf
j=1
× RankedIndivPerf(j, T) = 0 
 
“n” means the number of Underlyings in the Selection. 
 
“F” means the percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“K” means the percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“RankedIndivPerf(j,T)” means the jth lowest determined Individual Performance amongst 
the Individual Performances “IndivPerf(i,T)” of all of the Underlyings in the Selection, 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date. 
 
“IndivPerf(i,T)” means the Individual Performance of the Underlying indexed “i” in the 
Selection on the Valuation Date, in accordance with one of the formulae described in the 
Definitions Schedule, the name of which shall be stipulated in the Final Terms. 
 
“𝛚j ”means a weighting assigned to the jth lowest Individual Performance, as specified in 
the Final Terms. 
 
“FXT” means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX(T)/FX(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where “FX(T)” means the value of the Relevant FX as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the Valuation Date, and “FX (0)” means the value of the Relevant FX as determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date. 
 
“Relevant FX” means an Exchange Rate specified in the Final Terms. 
“Inter-
Basket 
dispersion” 
The Inter-Basket dispersion Warrant delivers a Cash Settlement Amount or, in the case of 
Physical Delivery Warrants, an Entitlement with a value that depends on the difference 
between the performances of two Selections. 
 
“Set of Selections” is defined as a list of 2 Selections. Each Selection is assigned an index 
“j”, “j” ranging from 1 to 2. The number of Underlyings included in a Selection “j” is 
labelled “nj”. 
 
The Cash Settlement Amount per Warrant or, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the 
value of the Entitlement is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
Notional Amount × Participation × FXT 
 
Where: 
 
“Participation” is equal to: 
 
G x Min(Cap, Max(Type × (BasketPerf(1,T) – BasketPerf(2,T)), Floor)) 
 
where: 
 
“G” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Cap” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Floor” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“K” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Type” means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“BasketPerf(1,T)”, “BasketPerf(2,T)” means in respect of Selections “1” and “2” in the 
Set of Selections, the performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date, associated, if need

--- Page 314 ---
314 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
be, with an Observation Dates Set. Its value is calculated using one of the formulae listed in 
the Definitions Schedule, the name of which shall be stipulated in the Final Terms. 
 
“FXT” means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX(T)/FX(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where “FX(T)” means the value of the Relevant FX as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the Valuation Date, and “FX (0)” means the value of the Relevant FX as determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date. 
 
“Relevant FX” means an Exchange Rate specified in the Final Terms. 
“Calculation 
Formulae 
applicable to 
Warrants 
linked to a 
Management 
Strategy” 
The Warrant linked to a Management Strategy delivers a Cash Settlement Amount or, in the 
case of Physical Delivery Warrants, an Entitlement with a value that depends on the 
performance of an algorithmic strategy, as defined below. 
The Cash Settlement Amount per Warrant or, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the 
value of the Entitlement is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Notional Amount × [G × Min(Cap, Max(P × Strategy Performance −K, Floor))]
× FXT 
 
Where: 
 
“G” means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Floor” means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Cap” means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“K” means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“P” means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“FXT” means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX(T)/FX(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where “FX(T)” means the value of the Relevant FX as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the last Valuation Date, and “FX (0)” means the value of the Relevant FX as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date. 
 
“Relevant FX” means an Exchange Rate specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Strategy Performance” is calculated over the Strategy Observation Dates Set 1 and the 
Strategy Observation Dates Set 2, using one of the following formulae, the selected formula 
being as stipulated in the Final Terms: 
 
“Average Formula” means that Strategy Performance is the average of the strategy values 
on the Observation Dates falling within the Strategy Observation Dates Set 1, as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
 
“Max Formula” means that “Strategy Performance” is the greatest of the strategy values on 
the Observation Dates falling within the Strategy Observation Dates Set 1, as calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
 
“Best Formula” means that “Strategy Performance” is the maximum between the greatest 
of the strategy values on the Observation Dates falling within the Strategy Observation Dates 
Strategy Performance (Strategy Observation Dates Set 1) = 1
m ∑
Strategy(s)
Reference Strategy
m
s=1
 
Strategy Performance (Strategy Observation Dates Set 1) = Max
1≤s≤m (
Strategy(s)
Reference Strategy)

--- Page 315 ---
315 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Set1 and the average of the strategy values on the Observation Dates falling within the 
Strategy Observation Dates Set 2, as calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
 
“Ladder Formula” means that if the “Lockin” effect is triggered, “Strategy Performance” 
is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Strategy Performance (Strategy Observation Dates Set 1, Strategy Observation Dates 
Set 2) = 
𝑴𝒂𝒙 (𝑳𝒆𝒗𝒆𝒍, 𝑹 × 𝟏
𝒏∑
𝑺𝒕𝒓𝒂𝒕𝒆𝒈𝒚(𝒔)
𝑹𝒆𝒇𝒆𝒓𝒆𝒏𝒄𝒆 𝑺𝒕𝒓𝒂𝒕𝒆𝒈𝒚
𝒏
𝒔=𝟏
) 
 
If the “Lockin” effect has never been triggered, then “Strategy Performance” is determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
 Strategy Performance (Strategy Observation Dates Set) =
FinalStrategy
Reference Strategy 
 
The “Lockin” effect is triggered if, on any Observation Dates falling within the Strategy 
Observation Dates Set, the following condition is established: 
 
Strategy(s) ≥InitStep 
 
Where, with respect to each of the three possible formulae: 
 
“m” means the number of Observation Dates in the Strategy Observation Dates Set 1, as 
specified in the Final Terms; 
 
“Strategy Observation Dates Set 1” means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
“n” means the number of Observation Dates in the Strategy Observation Dates Set 2, as 
specified in the Final Terms; 
 
“Strategy Observation Dates Set 2” means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final 
Terms 
 
“s” means date/time index of the Observation Date; 
 
“Q” means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Q’” means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“R” means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“R’” means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Final Strategy” means the value of the Strategy as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the last Valuation Date. 
 
“Level” means the highest value in the Levels Table which is equal to or lower than the 
highest performance reached by the Strategy over the Strategy Observation Dates Set 1 and 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Strategy Performance (Strategy Observation Dates Set1, Strategy Observation Dates Set2 )
= Max  𝑄 × Max
1≤s≤m (
Strategy(s)
Reference Strategy) + 𝑄′, 𝑅× 1
n ∑
Strategy(s)
Reference Strategy + 𝑅′
n
s=1

--- Page 316 ---
316 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
max
1≤𝑠≤𝑚(
Strategy(s)
Reference Strategy) 
 
“Levels Table” means a list of percentages as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Strategy(s)” means the strategy level, as defined below, on the Observation Date indexed 
“s” in the relevant Strategy Observation Dates Set. 
 
“Reference Strategy” means a number specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Initial Valuation Date” means a Valuation Date specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Strategy(t)” means a value calculated by the Calculation Agent, on each Valuation Date 
“t” falling after the Initial Valuation Date.  
Valuation Dates must start before the Initial Valuation Date. the first Valuation Date should 
at least preceed the Initial Valuation Date by a number of business days equal to the highest 
of Period1, Period2, …, and Periodp. 
The Valuation Date indexed “0” is the first Valuation Date. 
The Valuation Date indexed “tini” is the Initial Valuation Date. 
On any Valuation Date indexed “t”, with “t greater than “tini”, the strategy level is calculated 
using the following formula: 
 
Strategy(t) = Strategy (t −1)
× [1 + 𝑎𝑙𝑙𝑜𝑐(t −1) × 𝑅𝑖𝑠𝑘𝑦 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(t)
+ (𝑉−𝑎𝑙𝑙𝑜𝑐 (t −1)) × 𝑁𝑜𝑛𝑅𝑖𝑠𝑘𝑦 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(t) −𝑅𝑒𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑐𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡(t)] 
 
Where:  
“Strategy(tini)” = Reference Strategy 
 
“𝐑𝐢𝐬𝐤𝐲 𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐨𝐫𝐦𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞”(𝐭) = BasketPerf1(t)– 1  
 
“𝐍𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐢𝐬𝐤𝐲 𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐨𝐫𝐦𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞(𝐭)”
= (P(t) × (BasketPerf2 (t) −1) +  Variable Rate1 (t) × ∆t
+ Fixed Rate × ∆t) 
 
“𝐑𝐞𝐩𝐥𝐢𝐜𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐂𝐨𝐬𝐭(𝐭)” = (VariableRate2 (t) × ∆t) + (Fixed Cost × ∆t) 
 
and: 
 
“Strategy(0)” means a value specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“alloc(t-1)” means the risk exposure on Valuation Date “t-1”, as defined below. 
“V” means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Fixed Rate” means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Fixed Cost” means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Variable Rate1(t)” and “Variable Rate2(t)” are variable rates, as specified in the Final 
Terms. If “Variable Rate1(t) ” is specified as Not Applicable, then Variable Rate1(t)= 0 in 
the formula above. If “Variable Rate2(t)” is specified as Not Applicable, then Variable 
Rate2(t)= 0 in the formula above. 
 
“P(t)” means a percentage, as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Δt” means a calculation basis to be applied between Valuation Date “t-1” and Valuation 
Date “t” and which shall be specified in the Final Terms as per the following formulae:

--- Page 317 ---
317 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
“Act/365”: means that “Δt” is equal to the ratio between 1) the number of calendar days 
between the Valuation Date(t-1) included and the Valuation Date(t) excluded, and 2) 365: 
 
 
∆𝑡= Number of calendar days between Valuation Date(t −1)and Valuation Date(t)
365
 
 
“Act/360”: means that “Δt” is equal to the ratio between 1) the number of calendar days 
between the Valuation Date(t-1) included and the Valuation Date(t) excluded, and 2) 360: 
 
∆𝑡= Number of calendar days between Valuation Date(t −1)and Valuation Date(t)
360
 
 
“Bus/252”: means that “Δt” is equal to the ratio between 1) the number of Business Days 
between the Valuation Date(t-1) included and the Valuation Date(t) excluded, and 2) 252: 
 
∆𝑡= Number of Business Days between Valuation Date(t −1)and Valuation Date(t)
252
 
 
Determination of the risky allocation (“alloc(t)”): 
 
“alloc(t)” means in respect of a Valuation Date indexed “t”, with greater than tini, the 
proportion of the strategy invested in risky assets. It is determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formulae, the selected formula being as specified in the 
Final Terms: 
 
• 
If |alloc(t)– TheoreticalAlloc(t)| < Threshold 
 
alloc(t) = alloc(t −1) 
 
• 
Otherwise 
 
alloc(t) = TheoreticalAlloc(t) 
 
Where: 
 
“Threshold” means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
TheoreticalAlloc(t) = Max (Minalloc(t), Min(Maxalloc(t), Target Volatility(t)
Realized Volatility(t))) 
 
“Minalloc(t)” means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Maxalloc(t)” means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Target Volatility(t)” means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Realized Volatility(t)” means the Realized Volatility as defined below. 
 
Determination of the Realized Volatility (“Realized Volatility(t)”): 
 
“Realized Volatility(t)” means on any Valuation Date “t”, the current volatility level of the 
risky assets calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Realized Volatility(t) = Max
1≤𝑘≤𝑝(HVOL (t, Periodk )) 
 
“p” means the number of relevant periods as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Period1”, “Period2”, …, “Periodp” mean numbers specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 318 ---
318 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
“HVOL(t, Periodk) ” means, for each Valuation Date indexed “t”, with “t” greater than 
“tini”, the realized volatility over a period ending on such Valuation Date. It isdetermined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
 
HVOL(t, Periodk)
= √(
Factor
Periodk −1)
∑
(ln(BasketPerf3 (t + j – Periodk –  Lag)) –  A × µ(t, Periodk))
2
Periodk
j=1
 
With: 
 
µ(t, Periodk) =
1
Periodk
∑
ln(BasketPerf3 (t + j – Periodk –  Lag)) 
Periodk
j=1
 
 
“Factor” means a number specified in the Final Terms 
 
“Lag” means a number of days as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“A” means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“BasketPerf1(t)”, “BasketPerf2(t)”, “BasketPerf3(t)”, mean performances of the 
Selection on the Valuation Date indexed “t”, associated with, if need be, one or several 
Observation Dates Sets. Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the 
formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
“BasketPerf”, as specified in the Final Terms. It should be noted that the formula used to 
calculate “BasketPerfi(t)” may be different from the formula used to calculate 
“BasketPerfj(t)”, when the subscript “i” is different from the subscript “j”. 
Autocall 
Autocall is a product that may be automatically exercised before the maturity of the Warrant 
if the Performance of the Selection is above a certain threshold. In such case, the Warrant is 
settled at par or, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, by the delivery of an Entitlement 
with a value equal to par, as increased by a positive interest amount. 
 
The Warrant shall be automatically exercised on any Potential Exercise Date where: 
 
AutocallCondition(t) = 1 
 
With AutocallCondition(t) = 1 if BasketPerf1(t) ≥ R(t) 
= 0 if not 
 
“R(t)” means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If “R(t)” is specified as Not 
Applicable, then AutocallCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
“BasketPerf1(t)” means a performance of the Selection on the Potential Exercise Date 
indexed “t”, associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set. Its value is calculated 
using one of the formulae listed the Definitions Schedule, as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In this case, each Warrant shall be exercised in whole but not in part on the relevant 
Settlement Date (t) and the Cash Settlement Amount payable on such date upon settlement 
of each Warrant shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following: 
 
Notional Amount × ExerciseAmount(t) 
 
Where: 
 
“ExerciseAmount(t)” means a percentage specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 319 ---
319 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
Unless the Warrants were previously exercised or cancelled, the Warrant is settled on the 
last Settlement Date, and the Cash Settlement Amount is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Notional Amount × (FinalAmount×(1 – DownsideCondition)×FX1 – 
Vanilla×DownsideCondition×FX2) 
 
Where: 
 
Vanilla = G × Min(Cap, Max((K – BasketPerf2(T)), Floor)) 
 
DownsideCondition = 1 if BasketPerf3(T) < B 
= 0 if not 
 
FinalAmount = MinAmount + UpsideVanilla × UpsideCondition 
 
UpsideVanilla = BonusAmount + Gu × Min(Capu, Max((BasketPerf4(T) – Ku), 
Flooru)) 
 
UpsideCondition = 1 if BasketPerf5(T) ≥ H 
= 0 if not 
 
“BasketPerf2(T), BasketPerf3(T), BasketPerf4(T), BasketPerf5(T)” means the 
performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed “T”, associated with, if need 
be, an Observation Dates Set. Its value is calculated using one of the formulae listed in the 
Definitions Schedule, the name of which shall be stipulated in the Final Terms. 
 
“G” means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Cap” means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“K” means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Floor” means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“B” means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. If B is specified as Not Applicable, 
then Downside Condition = 1 in any event. 
 
“MinAmount” means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“BonusAmount” means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Gu” means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Capu” means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Ku” means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Flooru” means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“H” means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. If H is specified as Not Applicable, 
then Upside Condition = 0 in any event. 
 
“FX1” means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX1(T)/FX1(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where “FX1(T)” means the value of the Relevant FX 1 as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Valuation Date, and “FX1(0)” means the value of the Relevant FX 1 as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date. 
 
“FX2” means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX2(T)/FX2(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where “FX2(T)” means the value of the Relevant FX 2 as determined by the Calculation

--- Page 320 ---
320 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Agent on the Valuation Date, and “FX2(0)” means the value of the Relevant FX 2 as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date. 
 
“Relevant FX 1” means an Exchange Rate specified in the Final Terms. 
 
“Relevant FX 2” means an Exchange Rate specified in the Final Terms. 
 
C. DEFINITIONS SCHEDULE FOR THE PURPOSE OF RATE WARRANTS AND CURRENCY 
WARRANTS 
The following definitions shall apply to all formulae set out in this section: 
(a) General definitions 
“Business Day Convention for Settlement”: 
If a Settlement Date that is specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention 
for Settlement would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
for Settlement specified in the relevant Final Terms is (i) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event (A) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not 
been subject to adjustment, (ii) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day, (iii) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (iv) the Preceding Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
“Calculation Period” means, with respect to a relevant Settlement Date and for the purpose of determining the 
Day Count Fraction for Settlement, as applicable, the period of time from and including the Issue Date of the 
Warrants (or, in the case of Warrants with Interim Payment where such Settlement Date is not the first Interim 
Payment Date, the Interim Payment Date immediately preceding such Settlement Date) to, but excluding, the 
relevant Settlement Date. 
If “Adjusted” is specified for the relevant Day Count Fraction for Settlement, then the determination of a relevant 
Calculation Period is deemed to take into account the adjustment of the relevant Settlement Date in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention for Settlement, whereas if “Unadjusted” is specified, such adjustment shall 
not be taken into account for the determination of the relevant Calculation Period. 
“Day Count Fraction for Settlement” means, in respect of the calculation of a Settlement Amount, a 
coefficient determined subject as specified hereon in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Day Count Fraction for Settlement is not specified or specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
then, for any purpose thereof it is deemed to be equal to 1 (one). 
If otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the relevant coefficient, with respect to a relevant 
Settlement Date is determined as follows, based on the relevant Calculation Period: 
(i) 
if “Actual/365”, “Actual/Actual-ISDA” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of: (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366; and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 321 ---
321 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of: 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period; and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of: (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period; and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of: (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period; and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year, 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from, and including, a Determination Date 
in any year to, but excluding, the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the relevant Settlement Date; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless: (a) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than 
the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be 
considered to be shortened to a 30-day month; or (b) the last day of the Calculation Period is 
the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month));  
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day 
of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of a Calculation Period ending on the Final 
Settlement Date, the Final Settlement Date is the last day of the month of February, in which 
case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month) ; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360-ISDA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction for Settlement = 
[360 × (𝑌2 − 𝑌1 )] + [30 × (𝑀2 − 𝑀1 )] + (𝐷2 − 𝐷1 ) 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 322 ---
322 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Final Settlement 
Date or (ii) such number is 31, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(viii) 
if “RBA Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) if the Calculation Periods 
are three months in length (excluding any shorter or longer first and last Calculation Period), 
0.25, except that if the first Calculation Period or the final Calculation Period is less than three 
months, “Actual/Actual-ISDA” shall apply to such Calculation Period(s); (b) if the Calculation 
Periods are six months in length (excluding any shorter or longer first and last Calculation 
Period), 0.5, except that if the first Calculation Period or the final Calculation Period is less than 
six months, "Actual/Actual-ISDA" shall apply to such Calculation Period(s); and (c) if the 
Calculation Periods are twelve months in length (excluding any shorter or longer first and last 
Calculation Period), 1, except that if the first Calculation Period or the final Calculation Period 
is less than twelve months, “Actual/Actual-ISDA” shall apply to such Calculation Period(s); 
(ix) 
if “1/1” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 1; and 
(x) 
if “Calculation/252” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of Calculation 
Days in the Calculation Period divided by 252, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction for Settlement = (𝐷𝐶𝐷𝑝
252 ) 
where:  
“Calculation Days” or “DCDp” is the number of Business Days in the Calculation Period. 
“Final Settlement Date” means the Settlement Date or, if Interim Payment is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the last Interim Payment Date. 
“Observation Date(s)” means a Reference Date(s) specified in the Final Terms, as such or in a context where 
the relevant date(s) are deemed to be “Observation Date(s)”. 
“Reference Date” means a date specified as such in the Final Terms, in the case of formulae for which multiple 
valuations of an underlying on specific dates may be relevant: 
− 
As Observation Dates; 
− 
As Settlement Reference Dates for an Underlying Set having a specific Observation 
Type; or 
− 
As Striking Date(s) of a Strike for which Striking Type is not Predetermined. 
“Settlement Participation” means, with respect to a Settlement Date, the percentage calculated in accordance 
with the relevant formula for the purpose of determining a Cash Settlement Amount. 
For a Settlement Date, the Cash Settlement Amount, per Warrant, is the product of (a) the Notional Amount 
multiplied by (b) the relevant Settlement Participation in respect of such date multiplied, as applicable, by (c) the 
relevant Day Count Fraction for Settlement (which, if Not Applicable, is deemed to be equal to 1 (one)).

--- Page 323 ---
323 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
For the avoidance of doubt, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Cash Settlement Amount for 
each Unit is the product of the amount per Warrant as per above, multiplied by the number of Warrants per Unit. 
“Settlement Reference Dates” means, for a Settlement Date and an Underlying Set for which the Observation 
Type is specified, a set of Reference Dates specified in the Final Terms. 
“Underlying Business Day” means, in respect of an Underlying Set, a Business Day in respect of the 
Currency(ies) and/or financial centres specified in the applicable Final Terms, or in the absence thereof: 
− 
If the Set Type is FX Rate: 
A day that is, in respect of the relevant Domestic Currency and Foreign Currency, as the case may be, 
and as defined in the Provisions applicable to Currency Warrants, an Exchange Rate Business Day.  
− 
If the Set Type is Rate Index: 
A day that is, in respect of the interest rate Underlying and as defined in the Provisions applicable to Rate 
Warrants: 
○ 
If ISDA Determination is applicable a Business Day in respect of the currency 
and financial centre applicable for the determination of the relevant Floating 
Rate Option according to the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
○ 
If Screen Rate Determination is applicable a Business Day in respect of the 
Relevant Financial Centre. 
− 
If the Set Type is Rate Spread or Rate Forward: 
A day that is, in respect of each of the interest rate Underlyings and as defined in the Provisions 
Applicable to Rate Warrants: 
○ 
If ISDA Determination is applicable a Business Day in respect of the currency 
and financial centre applicable for the determination of the relevant Floating 
Rate Option according to the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
○ 
If Screen Rate Determination is applicable a Business Day in respect of the 
Relevant Financial Centre. 
− 
In any other case: 
a Business Day for the purpose of the Business Day Convention for Settlement. 
(b) Definitions relating to identification of underlyings and determination method 
“FX” means an exchange rate being the value of a unit of the Foreign Currency expressed in units of the 
Domestic Currency. 
“Underlying Set” 
An Underlying Set is defined in the Final Terms by: 
− 
A “Set Type”, among the following: 
○ 
Rate Index 
(Applicable for Rate Warrants) 
○ 
Rate Spread 
(Applicable for Rate Warrants) 
○ 
Rate Forward 
(Applicable for Rate Warrants) 
○ 
FX Rate (Applicable for Currency Warrants) 
− 
One or several “Underlying(s)” that may be: 
○ 
If the Set Type is Rate Index:

--- Page 324 ---
324 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
An interest rate Underlying specified as “Rate Index”, defined in the Rate Linked Provisions, 
in respect of such Underlying Set, by reference to a Reference Rate and a Specified Duration in 
the case of Screen Rate Determination, or by reference to a Floating Rate Option and a 
Designated Maturity in the case of ISDA Determination. 
○ 
If the Set Type is Rate Spread: 
(a) An interest rate Underlying specified as “Main Index” and (b) an interest rate Underlying 
specified as “Secondary Index”, both (a) and (b) being defined in the Rate Linked Provisions, 
in respect of such Underlying Set, by reference to a Reference Rate and a Specified Duration in 
the case of Screen Rate Determination, or by reference to a Floating Rate Option and a 
Designated Maturity in the case of ISDA Determination. 
○ 
If the Set Type is Rate Forward: 
(a) An interest rate Underlying specified as “Long Tenor Index” and (b) an interest rate 
Underlying specified as “Short Tenor Index”, both (a) and (b) being defined in the Rate Linked 
Provisions, in respect of such Underlying Set, by reference to a Reference Rate and a Specified 
Duration being a whole number of years in the case of Screen Rate Determination, or by 
reference to a Floating Rate Option and a Designated Maturity being a whole number of years 
in the case of ISDA Determination. 
○ 
If the Set Type is FX Rate: 
(a) the Domestic Currency and (b) the Foreign Currency, defined in the Currency Linked 
Provisions, in respect of such Underlying Set. 
− 
A “Valuation Type” which may be: 
○ 
If the Set Type is Rate Forward: Forward Annuity, Real Forward Annuity, 
Constant Rate Annuity, Dual Annuity Ratio, Discount Factor or Linear 
Maturity. 
○ 
Not specified for the other Set Types. 
− 
An “Observation Type” which may be: 
○ 
Not specified 
○ 
Arithmetic Averaging 
○ 
Geometric Averaging 
○ 
Hyperbolic Averaging 
○ 
Lookback Min 
○ 
Lookback Max 
○ 
If the Set Type is Rate Index: Reference Dates Compounding. 
− 
An “Underlying Local Adjustment” which may be: 
○ 
Not specified or specified as Not Applicable, in which case each of the terms 
defined in the specifications of an Underlying Local Adjustment will be 
considered as Not Applicable. 
○ 
Defined in the Final Terms, which will specify some or all of the relevant 
terms depending on the Set Type, the Valuation Type or the Observation 
Type, as set forth in the definition of Underlying Local Adjustment and, as

--- Page 325 ---
325 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
the case may be, for specific uses in respect of Settlement Dates, Reference 
Dates or any (other) use. 
“Underlying Local Adjustment”: 
An Underlying Local Adjustment can be defined for a given Underlying Set by the following terms 
specified in the Final Terms, depending on its Set Type, its Valuation Type or its Observation Type. 
For a given Underlying Set, the following terms can be specifically defined in respect of Settlement 
Dates, Reference Dates and/or in respect of any (other) use thereof. If definitions are given for some but 
not all of these purposes, then such terms will be considered as specified only for the specified purpose(s), 
and not applicable for the other uses. 
− 
For any Set Type: 
○ 
“Index Local Cap” (or “Main Index Local Cap”): 
An Index Local Cap is a Strike defined as such or as Main Index Local Cap in the Final Terms. 
If the term is not specified, specified as Not Applicable or considered as Not Applicable if 
Underlying Local Adjustment is Not Applicable, then for any use of the term in any formula, 
Index Local Cap is positive infinity. 
In the formulae set forth in this Common Definitions section, the relevant Index Local Cap can 
be referred to as Cap. 
○ 
“Index Local Floor” (or “Main Index Local Floor”): 
An Index Local Floor is a Strike defined as such or as Main Index Local Floor in the Final 
Terms. 
If the term is not specified, specified as Not Applicable or considered as Not Applicable if 
Underlying Local Adjustment is Not Applicable, then for any use of the term in any formula, 
Index Local Floor is negative infinity. 
In the formulae set forth in this Common Definitions section, the relevant Index Local Floor 
can be referred to as Floor. 
○ 
“Index Local Coefficient” (or “Main Index Local Coefficient”): 
An Index Local Coefficient is a strictly positive percentage defined as such or as Main Index 
Local Coefficient in the Final Terms. 
If the term is not specified, specified as Not Applicable or considered as Not Applicable if 
Underlying Local Adjustment is Not Applicable, then for any use of the term in any formula, 
Index Local Coefficient is equal to 100%. 
In the formulae set forth in this Common Definitions section, the relevant Index Local 
Coefficient can be referred to as Coef. 
− 
If the Set Type is “Rate Spread”: 
○ 
“Secondary Index Local Cap”: 
A Secondary Index Local Cap is a Strike defined as such in the Final Terms. 
If the term is not specified, specified as Not Applicable or considered as Not Applicable if 
Underlying Local Adjustment is Not Applicable, then for any use of the term in any formula, 
Secondary Index Local Cap is positive infinity. 
In the formulae set forth in this Common Definitions section, the relevant Secondary Index 
Local Cap can be referred to as “ShortCap”.

--- Page 326 ---
326 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
○ 
“Secondary Index Local Floor”: 
A Secondary Index Local Floor is a Strike defined as such in the Final Terms. 
If the term is not specified, specified as Not Applicable or considered as Not Applicable if 
Underlying Local Adjustment is Not Applicable, then for any use of the term in any formula, 
Secondary Index Local Floor is negative infinity. 
In the formulae set forth in this Common Definitions section, the relevant Secondary Index 
Local Floor can be referred to as “ShortFloor”. 
○ 
“Secondary Index Local Coefficient”: 
A Secondary Index Local Coefficient is a strictly positive percentage defined as such in the 
Final Terms. 
If the term is not specified, specified as Not Applicable or considered as Not Applicable if 
Underlying Local Adjustment is Not Applicable, then for any use of the term in any formula, 
Secondary Index Local Coefficient is equal to 100%. 
In the formulae set forth in this Common Definitions section, the relevant Secondary Index 
Local Coefficient can be referred to as “ShortCoef”. 
○ 
“Spread Level Cap”: 
A Spread Level Cap is a Strike defined as such in the Final Terms. 
If the term is not specified, specified as Not Applicable or considered as Not Applicable if 
Underlying Local Adjustment is Not Applicable, then for any use of the term in any formula, 
Spread Level Cap is positive infinity. 
In the formulae set forth in this Common Definitions section, the relevant Spread Level Cap can 
be referred to as “SpreadCap”. 
○ 
“Spread Level Floor”: 
A Spread Level Floor is a Strike defined as such in the Final Terms. 
If the term is not specified, specified as Not Applicable or considered as Not Applicable if 
Underlying Local Adjustment is Not Applicable, then for any use of the term in any formula, 
Spread Level Floor is negative infinity. 
In the formulae set forth in this Common Definitions section, the relevant Spread Level Floor 
can be referred to as “SpreadFloor”. 
− 
If the Set Type is “Rate Forward” and the Valuation Type is “Constant Rate 
Annuity”: 
○ 
“Annuity Control Ratio”: 
The Annuity Control Ratio is a Strike defined as such in the Final Terms or specified as Non-
Applicable. 
In the formulae set forth in this Common Definitions section, the relevant Annuity Control Ratio 
can be referred to as “Control”. 
− 
If an Observation Type is specified and applicable for this Underlying Set: 
○ 
“Single Observation Cap” (or “Daily Cap”): 
A Single Observation Cap is a Strike specified as such (or as Daily Cap) in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 327 ---
327 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
If the Single Observation Cap is not specified, specified as Not Applicable or considered as 
Not Applicable if Underlying Local Adjustment is Not Applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, then for any use of the term in any formula, Single Observation Cap is positive 
infinity. 
In the formulae set forth in this Common Definitions section, the relevant Single Observation 
Cap may also be referred to as “DayCap”. 
○ 
“Single Observation Floor” (or “Daily Floor”): 
A Single Observation Floor is a Strike specified as such (or as Daily Floor) in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
If the Single Observation Floor is not specified, specified as Not Applicable or considered as 
Not Applicable if Underlying Local Adjustment is Not Applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, then for any use of the term in any formula, Single Observation Floor is negative 
infinity. 
In the formulae set forth in this Common Definitions section, the relevant Single Observation 
Floor may also be referred to as “DayFloor”. 
(c) Common definitions relating to determination of underlyings and setting values of variable terms 
“Determination FX(FX, D)” means, where FX is an FX exchange Rate: 
The value of the exchange rate FX, determined in application of the specifications in the Final Terms, based on 
the relevant Reference Exchange Rate on FX Determination Date D 
“Determination Rate(X, D)” means, where X is an interest rate Underlying: 
Depending on the Underlying Determination (the Manner in which the Underlying is to be determined): 
− 
If the Underlying Determination is Screen Rate Determination: 
The value of the relevant interest rate X, determined in application of the specifications in the Final 
Terms, according to the Screen Rate Determination method, on Determination Date D 
− 
If the Underlying Determination is ISDA Determination: 
The value of the relevant interest rate X, determined in application of the specifications in the Final 
Terms, according to the ISDA Determination method, in respect of Reset Date D. 
“Level(U, j)” means, where U is an Underlying Set, j being as applicable the strictly positive integer temporal 
index referring to a Settlement Date: 
− 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is Rate Index: 
Min(Cap; Max(Floor;  
Coef × Settlement Date Observation(U, Main Index, j) )) 
− 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is Rate Spread: 
Min(Spread Cap; Max(Spread Floor;  
Min(Cap; Max(Floor;  
Coef × Settlement Date Observation(U, Main Index, j) )) 
 - Min(ShortCap; Max(ShortFloor; 
ShortCoef × Settlement Date Observation(U, Secondary Index,j) )) )) 
− 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is Rate Forward:

--- Page 328 ---
328 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Min(Cap; Max(Floor; 
Coef × Rate Forward Level(U, j) )) 
− 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is FX Rate: 
Min(Cap; Max(Floor;  
Coef × Settlement Date Observation(U, FX, j) )) 
For the FX exchange rate defined in respect of the Foreign Currency and the Domestic Currency 
“Level(U, RD)” means, where U is an Underlying Set, RD being a Reference Date: 
− 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is Rate Index: 
Min(Cap; Max(Floor;  
Coef × Single Observation(U, Main Index, RD) )) 
− 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is Rate Spread: 
Min(Spread Cap; Max(Spread Floor;  
Min(Cap; Max(Floor;  
Coef × Single Observation(U, Main Index, RD) 
- Min(ShortCap; Max(ShortFloor; 
ShortCoef × Single Observation(U, Secondary Index, RD) )) )) 
− 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is Rate Forward: 
Min(Cap; Max(Floor; 
Coef × Rate Forward Level(U, RD) )) 
− 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is FX Rate: 
Min(Cap; Max(Floor;  
Coef × Single Observation(U, FX, RD) )) 
For the FX exchange rate defined in respect of the Foreign Currency and the Domestic Currency 
“Settlement Date Observation(U, X, j)” means, where U is an Underlying Set, X is an interest rate Underlying 
or an FX exchange rate, j being as the case may be the strictly positive integer temporal index referring to a 
Settlement Date: 
− 
If the Observation Type is not specified: 
○ 
If X is an interest rate Underlying: 
Determination Rate(X, D(j)) 
Where, depending on the Underlying Determination method (the Manner in which the 
Underlying is to be determined) specified in the applicable Final Terms for the interest rate 
Underlying X: 
- Screen Rate Determination: D(j) is the Interest Determination Date specified for the relevant 
interest rate in respect of Settlement Date j. 
- ISDA Determination: D(j) is the Reset Date specified for the relevant interest rate in respect 
of Settlement Date j.

--- Page 329 ---
329 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
○ 
If X is an FX exchange rate: 
Determination FX(X, D(j)) 
Where D(j) is the FX Determination Date specified for the relevant FX exchange rate in respect 
of Settlement Date j. 
− 
If the Observation Type is Arithmetic Average: 
1
N × ∑min (DayCap; max (DayFloor; Single Observation(U, X, Reference(d))))
N
d=1
 
− 
If the Observation Type is Geometric Average: 
(∏min (DayCap; max (DayFloor; Single Observation(U, X, Reference(d))))
N
d=1
) ^ (1
N) 
− 
If the Observation Type is Hyperbolic Average: 
1
1
N × ∑
1
min (DayCap; max (DayFloor; Single Observation(U, X, Reference(d))))
N
d=1
 
− 
If the Observation Type is Lookback Min: 
min
d=1 to N (min (DayCap; max (DayFloor; Single Observation(U, X, Reference(d))))) 
− 
If the Observation Type is Lookback Max: 
max
d=1 to N (min (DayCap; max (DayFloor; Single Observation(U, X, Reference(d))))) 
Where, in the above formulae: 
- “N” is the number of Reference Dates specified in the definition of the Settlement Reference Dates in 
respect of Settlement Date j and of U, as the case may be, indexed in ascending order by the positive 
integer number d. 
- “Reference(d)” is the Reference Date indexed by number d in the definition of the relevant Settlement 
Reference Dates. 
“Single Observation(U, X, RD)” means, where U is an Underlying Set, X is an interest rate Underlying or an 
FX exchange rate, RD being a Reference Date: 
− 
If X is an interest rate Underlying: 
Determination Rate(X, D) 
Where, depending on the Underlying Determination method (the Manner in which the Underlying is to 
be determined) specified in the applicable Final Terms for the interest rate Underlying X: 
- Screen Rate Determination: D is the Interest Determination Date specified for the relevant interest rate 
in respect of the Reference Date RD. 
- ISDA Determination: D is the Reset Date specified for the relevant interest rate in respect of the 
Reference Date RD. 
− 
If X is an FX exchange rate: 
Determination FX(X, D)

--- Page 330 ---
330 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Where D is the FX Determination Date specified for the relevant FX exchange rate in respect of the 
Reference Date RD. 
(d) Definitions relating to determination of Rate Forward levels 
“Rate Forward Level(U,j)” means, in respect of an Underlying Set U with Set Type Rate Forward, j being the 
strictly positive integer temporal index referring to a Settlement Date: 
− 
If the Observation Type is not specified: 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Forward Annuity: 
(𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦) −(𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦)
𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦−𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡 𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦
 
Where: 
“ShortAnnuity” means: 
∑
1
(1 + 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀1
𝑖=1
 
“LongAnnuity” means: 
𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦+ 
∑
1
(1 + 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀2
𝑖=𝑀1+1
 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Real Forward Annuity: 
The real number “SolvedForwardRate” whereby: 
𝑆𝑜𝑙𝑣𝑒𝑑𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦
= (𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦) −(𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦) 
Where: 
“ShortAnnuity” means: 
∑
1
(1 + 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀1
𝑖=1
 
“ForwardAnnuity” means: 
∑
1
(1 + 𝑆𝑜𝑙𝑣𝑒𝑑𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀2
𝑖=𝑀1+1
 
“LongAnnuity” means: 
𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦+ 𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Constant Rate Annuity: 
(𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦) −(𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦)
𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦−𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦
 
Where: 
“ShortAnnuity” means: 
∑
1
(1 + 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀1
𝑖=1
 
“LongAnnuity” means:

--- Page 331 ---
331 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
If Annuity Control Ratio is not specified or specified as Not Applicable: 
∑
1
(1 + 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀2
𝑖=1
 
If Annuity Control Ratio (“Control”) is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
𝑚𝑎𝑥(𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑡𝑟𝑜𝑙× 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦; ∑
1
(1 + 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀2
𝑖=1
) 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Dual Annuity Ratio: 
𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 
+[𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒× [(1 + 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)^(𝑀2 −𝑀1)]] 
−[𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒× [(1 + 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)^(𝑀2 −𝑀1)]] 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Discount Factor: 
[[(1 + 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)^𝑀2
(1 + 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)^𝑀1] ^ (
1
𝑀2 −𝑀1)] −1 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Linear Maturity: 
(𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝑀2) −(𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝑀1)
𝑀2 −𝑀1
 
Where, in the above formulae: 
“LongRate” means 𝑆𝑒𝑡𝑡𝑙𝑒𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔 𝑇𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑟 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥, 𝑗) 
“ShortRate” means 𝑆𝑒𝑡𝑡𝑙𝑒𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡 𝑇𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑟 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥, 𝑗) 
“M1” means, for the Short Tenor Index, a number of years corresponding to (i) the Specified 
Duration in the case of Screen Rate Determination or (ii) the Designated Maturity in the case of 
ISDA Determination. 
“M2” means, for the Long Tenor Index, a number of years corresponding to (i) the Specified 
Duration in the case of Screen Rate Determination or (ii) the Designated Maturity in the case of 
ISDA Determination. 
− 
If the Observation Type is Arithmetic Average: 
1
𝑁× ∑𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
 
− 
If the Observation Type is Geometric Average: 
(∏𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
) ^ (1
𝑁) 
− 
If the Observation Type is Hyperbolic Average: 
1
1
𝑁× ∑
1
𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
 
− 
If the Observation Type is Lookback Min: 
min
𝑑=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑁(𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑)) 
− 
If the Observation Type is Lookback Max:

--- Page 332 ---
332 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
max
𝑑=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑁(𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))) 
Where, in the above formulae: 
“N” is the number of Settlement Reference Dates specified in the definition of the Reference 
Dates in respect of Settlement Date j and of U if so specified, indexed in ascending order by the 
positive integer number d. 
“Reference(d)” is the Reference Date indexed by number d as per above among the relevant 
Reference Dates. 
“Rate Forward Level(U, RD)” means, in respect of an Underlying Set U with Set Type Rate Forward, OD being 
a Reference Date: 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Forward Annuity: 
(𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦) −(𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦)
𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦−𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦
 
Where: 
“ShortAnnuity” means: 
∑
1
(1 + 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀1
𝑖=1
 
“LongAnnuity” means: 
𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦+
∑
1
(1 + 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀2
𝑖=𝑀1+1
 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Real Forward Annuity: 
The real number “SolvedForwardRate” whereby: 
𝑆𝑜𝑙𝑣𝑒𝑑𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦
= (𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒× 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦) −(𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦) 
Where: 
“ShortAnnuity” means: 
∑
1
(1 + 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀1
𝑖=1
 
“ForwardAnnuity” means: 
∑
1
(1 + 𝑆𝑜𝑙𝑣𝑒𝑑𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀2
𝑖=𝑀1+1
 
“LongAnnuity” means: 
𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦+ 𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Constant Rate Annuity: 
(𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦) −(𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒× 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦)
𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦−𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦
 
Where: 
“ShortAnnuity” means:

--- Page 333 ---
333 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
∑
1
(1 + 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀1
𝑖=1
 
“LongAnnuity” means: 
If Annuity Control Ratio is not specified or specified as Not Applicable: 
∑
1
(1 + 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀2
𝑖=1
 
If Annuity Control Ratio (“Control”) is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
𝑚𝑎𝑥(𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑡𝑟𝑜𝑙× 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦; ∑
1
(1 + 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀2
𝑖=1
) 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Dual Annuity Ratio: 
𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 
+[𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒× [(1 + 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)^(𝑀2 −𝑀1)]] 
−[𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒× [(1 + 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)^(𝑀2 −𝑀1)]] 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Discount Factor: 
[[(1 + 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)^𝑀2
(1 + 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)^𝑀1] ^ (
1
𝑀2 −𝑀1)] −1 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Linear Maturity: 
(𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝑀2) −(𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝑀1)
𝑀2 −𝑀1
 
Where, in the above formulae: 
“LongRate” means Single Observation(U,Long Tenor Index,RD). 
“ShortRate” means Single Observation(U,Long Tenor Index,RD). 
“M1” means, for the Short Tenor Index, a number of years corresponding to (i) the Specified 
Duration in the case of Screen Rate Determination or (ii) the Designated Maturity in the case of 
ISDA Determination. 
“M2” means, for the Long Tenor Index, a number of years corresponding to (i) the Specified 
Duration in the case of Screen Rate Determination or (ii) the Designated Maturity in the case of 
ISDA Determination. 
(e) Definitions relating to identification of strike prices and trigger levels 
Strike 
A Strike is defined in the Final Terms by 
− 
The “Reference Value” being a number specified as such in the Final Terms, which 
may as relevant be specified as a percentage 
A Strike can be defined only as a number in the Final Terms, in which case the Reference Value is equal 
to such number and all the terms below are deemed not specified. 
− 
The “Striking Type” being either: 
○ 
Predetermined, which is deemed to apply when the Striking Type is not 
specified

--- Page 334 ---
334 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
○ 
Straight 
○ 
Additive 
○ 
Multiplicative 
○ 
Hyperbolic 
− 
An Underlying Set, which can be unspecified if Striking Type is Predetermined 
− 
An “Observation Type”, which can be unspecified if Striking Type is Predetermined, 
or may otherwise be specified as either: 
○ 
Not specified 
○ 
Arithmetic Averaging 
○ 
Geometric Averaging 
○ 
Hyperbolic Averaging 
○ 
Lookback Min 
○ 
Lookback Max 
− 
“Striking Date(s)”, which can be unspecified if Striking Type is Predetermined, 
otherwise if Striking Type is not Predetermined and Observation Type is not specified, 
a single Reference Date, or in any other case a set of Reference Dates. 
When used in a calculation formula, Strike means a number determined as follows: 
− 
If Striking Type is not specified or specified as Predetermined: 
Strike = Reference Value 
− 
If Striking Type is specified as Straight: 
Strike = Strike Observation 
− 
If Striking Type is specified as Additive: 
Strike = Strike Observation + Reference Value 
− 
If Striking Type is specified as Multiplicative: 
Strike = Strike Observation × Reference Value 
− 
If Striking Type is specified as Hyperbolic: 
Strike = 1 / (1 / (Strike Observation + Reference Value)) 
“Strike Observation” means in respect of a Strike for which Striking Type is not Predetermined: 
− 
If the Observation Type is not specified: 
Level(Underlying Set, Striking Date) 
− 
If the Observation Type is Arithmetic Average: 
1
𝑁× ∑𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑆𝑒𝑡, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
 
Where N is the number of Striking Dates, indexed by the integer number d in the formula above. 
− 
If the Observation Type is Geometric Average:

--- Page 335 ---
335 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(∏𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑆𝑒𝑡, 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
) ^ (1
𝑁) 
Where N is the number of Striking Dates, indexed by the integer number d in the formula above. 
− 
If the Observation Type is Hyperbolic Average: 
1
1
𝑁× ∑
1
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑆𝑒𝑡, 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
 
Where N is the number of Striking Dates, indexed by the integer number d in the formula above. 
− 
If the Observation Type is Lookback Min: 
min
𝑑=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑁(𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑆𝑒𝑡, 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑑))) 
Where N is the number of Striking Dates, indexed by the integer number d in the formula above. 
− 
If the Observation Type is Lookback Max: 
max
𝑑=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑁(𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑆𝑒𝑡, 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑑))) 
Where N is the number of Striking Dates, indexed by the integer number d in the formula above. 
 
D. SPECIFIC CASH SETTLEMENT PROFILES (FORMULAE) FOR THE PURPOSE OF RATE 
WARRANTS AND CURRENCY WARRANTS 
The formulae set out in the following Additional Terms and Conditions are used in the calculation of the Cash 
Settlement Amount as provided in Condition 4, subject to the definition of Settlement Participation in Part C of 
these Additionnal Terms and Conditions of the Warrants. 
[Reverse] 
Capped-Floore
d Floater (or 
Capped-Floore
d Steepener) 
The Capped-Floored Floater is a product where the Cash Settlement Amount is a linear 
function of a FX exchange rate (Currency Warrant) or a rate-linked underlying (Rate 
Warrant), bound by a lower limit “Floor” and an upper limit “Cap”. 
In the case of Rate Warrant, the rate-linked underlying to which this payoff formula may 
be applied can be based on a single rate (being a straight spot rate (Set Type: Rate Index) 
or construed as a forward rate (Set Type: Rate Forward) as defined in the applicable Final 
Terms), but also on the spread between two spot rates (Set Type: Rate Spread), in which 
case, for the sake of clarity, this product may be referred to as “Steepener” rather than 
“Floater” . 
This product can be used, depending on the sign of the leverage term “L(j)” below, to 
obtain an upward indexation to the rate-linked underlying, or a downward indexation in 
which case the product may be referred to, for the sake of clarity as “Reverse Floater” 
(respectively “Reverse Steepener”). 
 
In accordance with the definition of Settlement Participation: for a Settlement Date, the 
Cash Settlement Amount, per Warrant, is the product of (a) the Notional Amount 
multiplied by (b) the relevant Settlement Participation in respect of such date multiplied, 
as applicable, by (c) the relevant Day Count Fraction for Settlement (which, if Not 
Applicable, is deemed to be equal to 1 (one)). 
For a Settlement Date j, the Settlement Participation is calculated as follows: 
Min(Cap(j), Max((L(j) × (Level(U, j) + k(j))) +M(j), Floor(j))) 
 
Where:

--- Page 336 ---
336 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
• 
“U” means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms with 
Set Type being FX Rate, Rate Index, Rate Forward or Rate 
Spread. 
And for each Settlement Date j as the case may be: 
• 
“Cap(j)” is a Strike that can be specified in the Final Terms, or, 
if not so specified, Cap(j) is positive infinity. 
• 
“Floor(j)” is a Strike that can be specified as such in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, Floor(j) is negative infinity. 
• 
“k(j)” is a Strike specified in the Final Terms, or, if not so 
specified, k(j) is equal to 0%. 
• 
“L(j)” means a positive percentage (or negative in which case 
the payoff shall be named “Reverse”) specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so defined, L(j)=100%.  
• 
“M(j)” is a Strike specified in the Final Terms, or, if not so 
specified, M(j) is equal to 0%. 
[Range] 
[Accrual] 
Binary 
[Ladder] 
The Binary Warrant is a product where the Cash Settlement Amount can take either one 
of two or more specific values, depending on the level of underlying(s) relative to one or 
several barriers (specified respectively per underlying as the case may be), or if Accrual 
Dates are specified, a weighted sum of these amount values based on the proportion of 
observations of the underlying(s) on such Accrual Dates relative to these respective 
barrier(s), in which case the product can be referred to as “Accrual Binary”. 
If both a Lower Barrier and a Higher Barrier (see below) are specified for at least one of 
these underlying(s), the product can be referred to as “Range Binary” (or “Range Accrual 
Binary” as the case may be). 
If any Ladder Barrier (see below) are specified, the product can be referred to as “Binary 
Ladder” (or as the case maybe, “Accrual Binary Ladder”, “Range Binary Ladder” or 
“Range Accrual Binary Ladder”). 
The underlying(s) compared to the barrier(s) can be (i) FX exchange rate(s) (Currency 
Warrant) and/or (ii) rate-linked underlying(s) (Rate Warrant) which can be (a) single rate 
(being a straight spot rate (Set Type: Rate Index) or (b) construed as a forward rate (Set 
Type: Rate Forward) as defined in the applicable Final Terms) or (c) a spread between 
two spot rates (Set Type: Rate Spread). 
In accordance with the definition of Settlement Participation: for a Settlement Date, the 
Cash Settlement Amount, per Warrant, is the product of (a) the Notional Amount 
multiplied by (b) the relevant Settlement Participation in respect of such date multiplied, 
as applicable, by (c) the relevant Day Count Fraction for Settlement (which, if Not 
Applicable, is deemed to be equal to 1 (one)). 
For a Settlement Date j, the Settlement Participation is calculated as follows: 
InPay(j) + OutPay(j) + LadderPay(j) 
Where: 
 
InPay(j) = InAmount(j) × IsInRange(j) 
And, if no Ladder Barrier is specified then:

--- Page 337 ---
337 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
OutPay(j) = OutAmount(j) × (100% - IsInRange(j)) 
 
And 
 
LadderPay(j) = 0 
Or, if any Ladder Barrier is specified, then: 
 
OutPay(j) = 0 
 
And 
 
LadderPay(j) =  
 
∑
[∑
∑
∑
[
Pay_𝑘_U1𝑥1_U2𝑥2_U3𝑥3(𝑗) 
×
Is_𝑘_U1𝑥1_U2𝑥2_U3𝑥3(𝑗)
]
𝑥3 ∈ {𝑢𝑝;𝑑𝑛}
𝑥2 ∈ {𝑢𝑝;𝑑𝑛}
𝑥1 ∈ {𝑢𝑝;𝑑𝑛}
]
∞
𝑘=1
 
Where: 
• 
U1, U2, U3 are Underlying Sets that can be specified in the Final Terms with Set 
Type being FX Rate, Rate Index, Rate Forward or Rate Spread: 
U1 must be specified in the Final Terms; 
U2 is by default “Not Applicable” (in which case U3 is also “Not Applicable”) or can be 
specified in the Final Terms; 
if U2 is specified and applicable, U3 is by default “Not Applicable” or can be specified 
in the Final Terms. 
And for each Settlement Date j as the case may be: 
• 
“InAmount(j)” is a positive percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms 
If any Ladder Barrier is specified then InAmount(j) may be specified in the Final Terms 
as as “Pay_Init(j)”. 
• 
“OutAmount(j)” is a positive percentage or a Strike that can be specified in the 
Final Terms if no Ladder Barrier is specified or, if not specified or specified as Not 
Applicable of if any Ladder Barrier is specified, then OutAmount(j) shall not be specified 
and means 0 
If any Ladder Barrier is specified then 
Pay_k_U1x1_U2x2_U3x3(j) is a positive percentage or a Strike defined, for x1, x2 and 
x3 being ‘up’ or ‘dn’, and k≥1, as relevant and as follows: 
If applicable subject, for a given k and a given x1, x2 or x3, that for either u =1, 2 or 3: 
xu is ‘up’ and Hu(j) is specified, or 
xu is ‘dn’ and Lu(j) is specified 
and for k≥2: 
xu is ‘up’ and a Ladder Barrier Hu_k(j) is specified, or 
xu is ‘dn’ and a Ladder Barrier Lu_k(j) is specified 
(or 
if 
such 
conditions 
are 
not 
met, 
it 
is 
not 
applicable 
and 
Pay_k_U1x1_U2x2_U3x3(j) is deemed, for any purpose thereof, to be equal to 0)

--- Page 338 ---
338 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
if U2 is not specified and applicable, then the Final Terms may only specify relevant 
percentages or Strikes as Pay_k_x(j), for x being ‘up’ and/or ‘dn’ subject as above, where, 
for any purpose thereof, such term is deemed to specify Pay_k_U1x_U2x_U3x(j) and for 
any either x2 or x3 not equal to x, Pay_k_U1x_U2x2_U3x3(j) is deemed to be equal to 0. 
if U2 is specified and applicable but U3 is not specified and applicable, then the Final 
Terms may only specify relevant percentages or Strikes as Pay_k_U1x1_U2x2 (j), for x1 
and x2 being ‘up’ and/or ‘dn’ subject as above where, for any purpose thereof, such term 
is deemed to specify Pay_k_U1x1_U2x2_U3x2(j) and for any x3 not equal to x2, 
Pay_k_U1x1_U2x2_U3x3(j) is deemed to be equal to 0. 
• 
L1(j), L2(j), L3(j) (the “Lower Barriers”), H1(j), H2(j) and H3(j) (the “Higher 
Barriers”) are Strikes that can be specified in the Final Terms, subject as follows: 
At least either L1(j) or H1(j) must be specified; 
if U2 is specified and applicable, at least either L2(j) or H2(j) must be specified; 
if U3 is specified and applicable, at least either L3(j) or H3(j) must be specified; 
If either L1(j), L2(j) or L3(j) are not specified then each is respectively deemed to be 
negative infinite; 
If either H1(j), H2(j) or H3(j) are not specified then each is respectively deemed to be 
positive infinite. 
• 
L1-Step(j), H1-Step(j), L2-Step(j), H2-Step(j), L3-Step(j), and H3-Step(j) 
each mean either “Include” or “Exclude” as can be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
if no Ladder Barrier is specified. If either of these terms is not specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and no Ladder Barrier is specified, it means “Include”. If any Ladder Barrier 
is specified, these terms are not supposed to be specified but will be interpreted in 
accordance with the definition of Lu_1_StepDown(j) and Hu_1_StepUp(j) below. 
• 
Additional “Ladder Barriers” are Strikes that can be specified as follows: 
Lower Ladder Barrier: 
If L1(j) (respectively L2(j), L3(j)) is specified then a Ladder Barrier L1_2(j) (respectively 
L2_2(j), L3_2(j)) can be specified (with L1_2(j) < L1(j), respectively L2_2(j) < L2(j), 
L3_2(j) < L3(k)) and, iteratively for integer index k≥2, if L1_k(j) (respectively L2_k(j), 
L3_k(j)) is specified, then a Ladder Barrier L1_k+1(j) (respectively L2_k+1(j), 
L3_k+1(j)) can be specified (with L1_k+1(j) < L1_k(j), respectively L2_k+1(j) < L2_k(j), 
L3__k+1(j) < L3_k(j)); 
Higher Ladder Barriers: 
If H1(j) (respectively H2(j), H3(j)) is specified then a Ladder Barrier H1_2(j) 
(respectively H2_2(j), H3_2(j)) can be specified (with H1_2(j) > H1(j), respectively 
H2_2(j) > H2(j), H3_2(j) > H3(k)) and, iteratively for integer index k≥2, if H1_k(j) 
(respectively H2_k(j), H3_k(j)) is specified, then a Ladder Barrier H1_k+1(j) 
(respectively H2_k+1(j), H3_k+1(j)) can be specified (with H1_k+1(j) > H1_k(j), 
respectively H2_k+1(j) > H2_k(j), H3__k+1(j) > H3_k(j)); 
• 
If any Ladder Barrier is specified and applicable, then for integer indices u =1; 2 
or 3, Lu_1-StepDown(j) (respectively Hu_1-StepUp(j)) means either “Include” or 
“Exclude” as can be specified in the applicable Final Terms or if not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, it means “Include”. Accordingly, the terms Lu-Step(j) and Hu-
Step(j) shall not be specified in the Final Terms and, for any purpose thereof, mean the

--- Page 339 ---
339 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
opposite (“Exclude” vs. “Include” and vice-versa) of respectively Lu_1-StepDown(j) and 
Hu_1_StepUp(j). 
• 
If, for integer indices u =1; 2 or3 and k≥2, Lu_k(j) is specified (respectively 
Hu_k(j)) is specified, then Lu_k-StepDown(j) (respectively Hu_k-StepUp(j)) means 
either “Include” or “Exclude” as can be specified in the applicable Final Terms or if not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, it means “Include”. 
• 
Accrual Dates(j) can be Not Applicable (if so, for all Settlement Dates j) or, if 
specified in the Final Terms, means a set of Observation Dates, specified for each 
Settlement Date j. 
If Accrual Dates(j) are specified and applicable, then TotalNb(j) means the number of 
such Reference Dates specified as Accrual Dates(j). 
IsInRange(j) is determined as follows: 
- 
If Accrual Dates are Not Applicable: 
IsInRange(j) is equal to 100% if Condition_InRange(j), as defined below, is verified (and 
0 otherwise) with respect to settlement j, that is with Local(udl) meaning Level(udl,j). 
- 
If Accrual Dates are specified and applicable: 
IsInRange(j) = AccrualNb_InRange(j) / TotalNb(j) 
Where: 
AccrualNb_InRange(j) means the number of Reference Dates D among Accrual 
Dates(j) with respect to which Condition_InRange(j), as defined below, is verified, 
that is with Local(udl) meaning Level(udl,D). 
If any Ladder Barrier is specified, then: 
for x1, x2 and x3 being ‘up’ or ‘dn’, and k≥1, as relevant, 
Is_k_U1x1_U2x2_U3x3(j) is determined as follows: 
- 
If Accrual Dates are Not Applicable: 
Is_k_U1x1_U2x2_U3x3(j) is equal to 100% if Condition_k_U1x1_U2x2_U3x3(j), 
as defined below, is verified (and 0 otherwise) with respect to period j, that is with 
Local(udl) meaning Level(udl,j) 
- 
If Accrual Dates are specified and applicable: 
Is_k_U1x1_U2x2_U3x3 (j) = AccrualNb_k_U1x1_U2x2_U3x3(j) / TotalNb(j) 
Where: 
AccrualNb_k_U1x1_U2x2_U3x3(j) is equal to the number of Reference Dates D 
among Accrual Dates(j) with respect to which Condition_k_U1x1_U2x2_U3x3(j), 
as defined below, is verified, that is with Local(udl) meaning Level(udl,D) 
Where, for the relevant meaning of Local(udl) (udl being either U1, U2 or U3) either (i) 
with respect to the settlement j, if Accrual Dates(j) are Not Applicable, in which case 
Local(udl) means Level(udl,j) or (ii) with respect to a Reference Date D among Accrual 
Dates(j) in which case Local(udl) means Level(udl,D): 
Condition_InRange(j) is met if:

--- Page 340 ---
340 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
The relevant Local(U1) is greater than or equal to (or, if L1-Step means “exclude”, strictly 
greater than) L1(j) and less than or equal to (or, if H1-Step means “exclude”, strictly less 
than) H1(j); 
AND, if U2 is specified and applicable: the relevant Local(U2) is greater than or equal to 
(or, if L2-Step means “exclude”, strictly greater than) L2(j) and less than or equal to (or, 
if H2-Step means “exclude”, strictly less than) H2(j); 
AND, if U3 is specified and applicable: the relevant Local(U3) is greater than or equal to 
(or, if L3-Step means “exclude”, strictly greater than) L3(j) and less than or equal to (or, 
if H3-Step means “exclude”, strictly less than) H3(j). 
And if any Ladder Barrier is specified, then: 
for x1, x2 and x3 being ‘up’ or ‘dn’, and k≥1, as relevant 
if applicable subject, for a given k and a given x1, x2 or x3, that for either u =1, 2 or 3: 
xu is ‘up’ and Hu(j) is specified, or 
xu is ‘dn’ and Lu(j) is specified 
and for k≥2: 
xu is ‘up’ and a Ladder Barrier Hu_k(j) is specified, or 
xu is ‘dn’ and a Ladder Barrier Lu_k(j) is specified 
(or 
if 
such 
conditions 
are 
not 
met, 
it 
is 
not 
applicable 
and 
Condition_k_U1x1_U2x2_U3x3(j) is not met) 
Condition_k_U1x1_U2x2_U3x3(j) is met if: 
for each u being either 1, 2 or 3, respectively udl being U1, U2 or U3, if specified and 
applicable, 
if xu is ‘up’, n being the highest strictly positive integer less than or equal to k, if any, for 
which Hu_n(j) is specified and applicable (Hu_1(j) meaning Hu(j)): 
The relevant Local(udl) is equal to or higher than (or if Hu_n-StepUp(j) means “Exclude”, 
strictly higher than) Hu_n(j); 
or if xu is ‘dn’, n being the highest strictly positive integer less than or equal to k, if any, 
for which Lu_n(j) is specified and applicable (L1_1(j) meaning L1(j)): 
The relevant Local(udl) is less than or equal to (or if Lu_n-StepDown(j) means “Exclude”, 
strictly less than) Hu_n(j); 
noting that, for the above, each relevant n depends on k, u and respective udl, and xu, and 
that no relevant n exists (including if the relevant udl is not specified and applicable) the 
relevant condition on Local(udl) is not considered in order to determine if 
Condition_k_U1x1_U2x2_U3x3(j) is met; 
AND, if applicable, Condition_k+1_U1x1_U2x2_U3x3(j) is NOT met.

--- Page 341 ---
341 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
INDEX BASKET CREDIT LINKED WARRANTS – INDEX DISCLAIMERS 
Index Basket CLWs are linked to an Index. 
The indices which are specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to Index Basket CLWs (each, for the 
purposes of this disclaimer only, an “Index”), are the property of Markit Indices Limited (the “Index Sponsor”) 
and has been licensed for use in connection with the Warrants. Each of the Warrantholders acknowledges and 
agrees that the Warrants are not sponsored, endorsed, or promoted by the Index Sponsor. The Index Sponsor 
makes no representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, and hereby expressly disclaims all warranties 
(including, without limitation, those of the merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use), with 
respect to the Index or any data included therein or relating thereto, and in particular disclaim any warranty 
either as to the quality, accuracy and/or completeness of the Index or any data included therein, the results 
obtained from the use of the Index and/or the composition of the Index at any particular time on any particular 
date or otherwise and/or the creditworthiness of any entity, or the likelihood of the occurrence of a credit event 
or similar event (however defined) with respect to an obligation, in the Index at any particular time on any 
particular date or otherwise. The Index Sponsor shall not be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to the 
parties or any other person for any error in the Index, and the Index Sponsor is under no obligation to advise the 
parties or any person of any error therein. 
The Index Sponsor makes no representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of 
purchasing or selling the Warrants, the ability of the Index to track relevant markets’ performances, or otherwise 
relating to the Index or any transaction or product with respect thereto, or of assuming any risks in connection 
therewith. The Index Sponsor has no obligation to take the needs of any party into consideration in determining, 
composing or calculating the Index. No party purchasing or selling the Warrants, nor the Index Sponsor shall 
have any liability to any party for any act or failure to act by the Index Sponsor in connection with the 
determination, adjustment, calculation or maintenance of the Index. 
“iTraxx®”, “Markit iTraxx® Europe” and any other Index using the title “Markit iTraxx® Europe” are service 
marks of Markit Indices Limited and have been licensed for use by the Issuer. 
“CDX™”, “Markit CDX™ North American IG/HY/XO” and the title “Markit CDX.NA.IG/HY/XO.” Followed 
by a specified sector, series or version are service marks of Markit North America, Inc. and have been licensed 
for use by the Issuer.

--- Page 342 ---
342 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
ANNEX RELATING TO PROPRIETARY INDICES 
For the purposes of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the indices 
administered by NATIXIS, acting as registered index administrator (each a “Proprietary Index” and together 
the “Proprietary Indices”) are indices which may be used to calculate the amounts due under Index Linked 
Warrants. NATIXIS is included in ESMA’s register of administrators pursuant to Articles 34 and 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation.  
As a licensed benchmark administrator (within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks Regulation), NATIXIS has 
put internal policies and procedures in place for purposes of maintaining and monitoring the indices. The 
governing rules of each Proprietary Index (including methodology of each Proprietary Index for the selection 
and the rebalancing of the components of such index, description of market disruption events and of adjustment 
rules) are based on predetermined and objective criteria. The Proprietary Indices administration activities are 
separated from NATIXIS' warrant issuance activities. 
The rules and the information about the performances of each Proprietary Index (the “Rules of the Index”) are 
either available on the website of NATIXIS (https://equityderivatives.natixis.com/en/) or, where appropriate, 
made available to the holders of the Warrants upon request made in writing to NATIXIS.

--- Page 343 ---
343 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each issue of Warrants issued under the 
Programme. 
[The Base Prospectus expires on 21 November 2025 and the Issuer intends that the Base Prospectus will 
be updated on or prior to 21 November 2025. The succeeding base prospectus will be available on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange website (https://www.luxse.com) and on the Issuers’ website 
(https://cib.natixis.com/Home/pims/Prospectus#/prospectusPublic)]4 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Warrants are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 on insurance 
distribution, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Warrants 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.]5 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS –The Warrants are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue the EUWA (as amended, the 
“UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]6 
[MiFID II product governance Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Warrants, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA 
on 3 August 2023, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Warrants is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Warrants to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Warrants (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Warrants (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
or 
 
4  
Only applicable to public offers that are ongoing at the time the Base Prospectus is updated. 
5 
Legend to be included where a key information document will not be prepared and sales to retail investors are therefore 
prohibited in the EEA. 
6  
Legend to be included where a key information document will not be prepared and sales to retail investors are therefore 
prohibited in the UK.

--- Page 344 ---
344 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Warrants, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Warrants is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Warrants to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Warrants (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Warrants (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]7 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Warrants has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Warrants is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in MiFID II; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Warrants are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Warrants to retail clients are appropriate - 
investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider 
any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Warrants (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Warrants (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable].] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Warrants has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Warrants is retail clients, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”) and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); EITHER [and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Warrants are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the 
Warrants to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised 
sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Warrants (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of Warrants (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]8 
If the Warrants are “prescribed capital markets products”, insert the following legend: 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF 
SINGAPORE (THE SFA) – The Warrants are “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as 
 
7 
Legend to be included only if the Warrants are being offered to investors in the United Kingdom.  
8  
Legend to be included only (i) if the Warrants are being offered to investors in the United Kingdom and (ii) following 
completion by the manufacturers of the target market assessment in respect of the Warrants.

--- Page 345 ---
345 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).9 
Applicable Final Terms dated [●] [Final Version Approved by the Issuer] 
 
[Logo, if document is printed] 
[NATIXIS 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): KX1WK48MPD4Y2NCUIZ63] 
[NATIXIS STRUCTURED ISSUANCE SA 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300YZ10WOWPBPDW20] 
Series number [●] 
Issue of [up to][Number of Warrants issuable under the Tranche][Title of Warrants] 
Issued by [Natixis Structured Issuance SA/NATIXIS] (the “Issuer”) 
under its Warrant Programme 
[Name of Manager] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Date] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
Warrants (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 21 November 2024 (the “Base Prospectus”) 
[and the supplement[s] to it dated [●] [and [●]]], [which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”)]. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Warrants described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information 
on the Issuer and the offer of the Warrants is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. [An issue specific summary of the Warrants is annexed to these 
Final Terms.] The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [and these Final Terms] 
[is/are] available for viewing on the websites of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.luxse.com) and 
of the Issuers (https://cib.natixis.com/Home/pims/Prospectus#/prospectusPublic).]  
[The following alternative language applies either (i) if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date or (ii) to any Warrants for which the Issue Date fell 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date and are being listed on a Regulated Market under this Base 
Prospectus.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
Warrants (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [13 December 2018] [and the supplement 
dated 11 March 2019]/[13 December 2019 [and the supplement[s] dated [17 February 2020][23 March 2020][11 
August 2020]]/[27 November 2020 [and the supplement dated 29 March 2021]]/[26 November 2021]/[24 
November 2022]/[23 November 2023 [and the supplement dated 12 April 2024]] which are incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus dated 21 November 2024 (the “Base Prospectus”) [and the supplement[s] 
to it dated [●] [and [●]]] [which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”)], including the Conditions incorporated by reference in 
the Base Prospectus. 
 
9 
Legend to be included if the Warrants are offered in Singapore and are “prescribed capital markets products”.

--- Page 346 ---
346 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Warrants described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information 
on the Issuer and the offer of the Warrants is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. [An issue specific summary of the Warrants is annexed to these 
Final Terms.] The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [and these Final Terms] 
[is/are] available for viewing on the websites of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and of the 
Issuers (https://cib.natixis.com/Home/pims/Prospectus#/prospectusPublic) and copies may be obtained from 
NATIXIS, 7, promenade Germaine Sablon, 75013 Paris, France. 
1. 
(a) 
Series number: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Tranche number: 
[specify] 
2. 
Type of Warrants: 
 
[Single/Basket] 
 
 
[Index/Share/Currency/Commodity/Fund/Rate/Credit 
Linked] 
 
 [Call/Put] 
 
 
[European/American/Bermudan] Style 
 
 
[Cash Settled/Physical Delivery] (settlement by way of [cash 
payment] [and/or] [physical delivery]) (Physical Delivery not 
applicable to Finnish Warrants or Credit Linked Warrants) 
3. 
Form of Warrants: 
[Materialised 
Warrants/Dematerialised 
Warrants: 
[Finnish 
Warrants/Norwegian 
Warrants/Swedish 
Warrants/Swiss 
Warrants/Danish Warrants/Other Dematerialised Warrants]] 
4. 
Number of Warrants 
issued: 
[Up to][specify] 
5. 
Notional Amount: 
[Currency] [●] 
6. 
Units: 
Each Unit consists of [●] Warrants. 
7. 
Issue Price: 
[Currency] [●] per [Warrant/Unit] 
8. 
Exercise Price: 
[As per Condition 3/specify][Lookback Price][Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable for Credit Linked Warrants) 
9. 
Settlement Price: 
[As per Condition 3/specify] 
10. 
Cash Settlement Amount 
(Formula Warrants not 
being Rate Warrants or 
Currency Warrants): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (formula to be selected from below) 
(Not Applicable for Credit Linked Warrants, Rate Warrants or 
Currency Warrants) (If Not Applicable delete all following items) 
 
Vanilla 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount: 
 
“G” means [insert number]% 
 
“Cap” means [insert number]% 
 
“Floor” means [insert number]% 
 
“K” means [insert number]%

--- Page 347 ---
347 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
“P” means [insert number]% 
 
“Type” means a number equal to [-1][1]. 
 
“BasketPerf(T)” means an amount calculated on the relevant 
Valuation Date in accordance with the following formula: 
 
[specify which formula applies] 
 
“FXT” means [[100%]/[FX(T)/FX (0)]] 
 
“Relevant FX” means [insert Applicable FX/Not Applicable] 
 
Whale Vanilla 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount: 
 
“G” means [insert number]% 
 
“Cap” means [insert number]% 
 
“Floor” means [insert number]% 
 
“K1” means [insert number]% 
 
“K2” means [insert number]% 
 
“Type” means a number equal to [-1][1]. 
 
“BasketPerf(T)” means an amount calculated on the relevant 
Valuation Date in accordance with the following formula: 
 
[specify which formula applies] 
 
“FXT” means [[100%]/[FX(T)/FX (0)]] 
 
“Relevant FX” means [insert Applicable FX/Not Applicable] 
 
Power Call 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount: 
 
“G” means [insert number]% 
 
“Cap” means [insert number]% 
 
“Floor” means [insert number]% 
 
“K” means [insert number]% 
 
“Type” means a number equal to [-1][1]. 
 
“BasketPerf(T)” means an amount calculated on the Relevant 
Valuation Date in accordance with the following formula: 
 
[specify which formula applies] 
 
“FXT” means [[100%]/[FX(T)/FX (0)]] 
 
“Relevant FX” means [insert Applicable FX/Not Applicable]

--- Page 348 ---
348 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
Conditional Vanilla 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount: 
 
“G1” means [insert number]% 
 
“G2” means [insert number]% 
 
“G3” means [insert number]% 
 
“Cap1” means [insert number]% 
 
“Cap2” means [insert number]% 
 
“Cap3” means [insert number]% 
 
“Floor1” means [insert number]% 
 
“Floor2” means [insert number]% 
 
“Floor3” means [insert number]% 
 
“K1” means [insert number]% 
 
“K2” means [insert number]% 
 
“K3” means [insert number]% 
 
“Type1” means a number equal to [-1][1]. 
 
“Type2” means a number equal to [-1][1]. 
 
“Type3” means a number equal to [-1][1]. 
 
“H” [means [insert number]%][is not applicable] 
 
“B” [means [insert number]%][is not applicable] 
 
“D1” [means [insert number]%][is not applicable] 
 
“D2” [means [insert number]%][is not applicable] 
 
“BasketPerf1(T)” means an amount calculated on the relevant 
Valuation Date in accordance with the following formula: 
 
[specify which formula applies] 
 
“BasketPerf2(T)” means an amount calculated on the relevant 
Valuation Date in accordance with the following formula: 
 
[specify which formula applies] 
 
“BasketPerf3(T)” means an amount calculated on the relevant 
Valuation Date in accordance with the following formula: 
 
[specify which formula applies] 
 
“BasketPerf4(T)” means an amount calculated on the relevant 
Valuation Date in accordance with the following formula: 
 
[specify which formula applies]

--- Page 349 ---
349 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
“BasketPerf5(T)” means an amount calculated on the relevant 
Valuation Date in accordance with the following formula: 
 
[specify which formula applies] 
 
“BasketPerf6(T)” means an amount calculated on the relevant 
Valuation Date in accordance with the following formula: 
 
[specify which formula applies] 
 
“BasketPerf7(T)” means an amount calculated on the relevant 
Valuation Date in accordance with the following formula: [specify 
which formula applies] 
 
“FX1” means [[100%]/[FX1(T)/FX1(0)]] 
 
“FX2” means [[100%]/[FX2(T)/FX2(0)]] 
 
“FX3” means [[100%]/[FX3(T)/FX3(0)]] 
 
“Relevant FX 1” means [insert Applicable FX/Not Applicable] 
 
“Relevant FX 2” means [insert Applicable FX/Not Applicable] 
 
“Relevant FX 3” means [insert Applicable FX/Not Applicable] 
 
Super Asian 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount: 
 
“BasketPerf(t)” means [specify which formula applies] 
 
Initial Performance Memorised: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
“Type” means a number equal to [-1][1]. 
 
“G” means [insert number]% 
 
“Cap” means [insert number]% 
 
“Floor” means [insert number]% 
 
“K” means [insert number]% 
 
“FXT” means [[100%]/[FX(T)/FX (0)]] 
 
“Relevant FX” means [insert Applicable FX/Not Applicable] 
 
FMA Vanilla 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount: 
 
“Floor(t)” means [insert number]% 
 
“Cap(t)” means [insert number]% 
 
“G(t)” means [insert number]%

--- Page 350 ---
350 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
“BasketPerf(t)” means an amount determined in accordance with the 
following formula: [insert name of applicable formula]. (See the 
Definitions Schedule) 
 
“T” means [insert number] 
 
“K” means [insert number]% 
 
“Type” means a number equal to [-1][1]. 
 
“FXT” means [[100%]/[FX(T)/FX (0)]] 
 
“Relevant FX” means [insert Applicable FX/Not Applicable] 
 
Individual Cap 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount: 
 
“IndivPerf (i, T)” means [specify which formula applies] 
 
“G” means [insert number]% 
 
“GlobalFloor” means [insert number]% 
 
“n” means [insert number] 
 
“Floor” means [insert number]% 
 
“Cap” means [insert number]% 
 
“K” means [insert number]% 
 
“ωi” means [insert number]% 
 
“FXT” means [[100%]/[FX(T)/FX (0)]] 
 
“Relevant FX” means [insert Applicable FX/Not Applicable] 
 
Cappuccino 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount: 
 
“IndivPerf (i,T)” means [specify which formula applies] 
 
“G” means [insert number]% 
 
“K” means [insert number]% 
 
“H” means [insert number]% 
 
“GlobalFloor” means [insert number]% 
 
“Cappuccino” means [insert number]% 
 
“n” means [insert number] 
 
“ωi” means [insert number] 
 
“FXT” means [[100%]/[FX(T)/FX (0)]] 
 
“Relevant FX” means [insert Applicable FX/Not Applicable]

--- Page 351 ---
351 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
Fixed Best 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount: 
 
“G” means [insert number]% 
 
“Floor” means [insert number]% 
 
“nbf” means [insert number between 0 and n] 
 
“n” means [insert number] 
 
“F” means [insert number]% 
 
“K” means [insert number]% 
 
“IndivPerf (i,T)” means [specify which formula applies] 
 
“ωj” means [insert number]% 
 
“FXT” means [[100%]/[FX(T)/FX (0)]] 
 
“Relevant FX” means [insert Applicable FX/Not Applicable] 
 
Inter-Basket dispersion 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount: 
 
“G” means [insert number]% 
 
“Cap” means [insert number]% 
 
“Floor” means [insert number]% 
 
“K” means [insert number]% 
 
“Type” means a number equal to [-1][1]. 
 
“BasketPerf(1, T)” means [specify which formula applies] 
 
“BasketPerf(2, T)” means [specify which formula applies] 
 
“FXT” means [[100%]/[FX(T)/FX (0)]] 
 
“Relevant FX” means [insert Applicable FX/Not Applicable] 
 
Terms applicable to 
Warrants Linked to 
Management Strategy 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Cash Settlement Amount: 
 
“G” means [insert number]% 
 
“Floor” means [insert number]% 
 
“Cap” means [insert number]% 
 
“K” means [insert number]%

--- Page 352 ---
352 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
“P” means [insert number]% 
 
“FXT” means [[100%]/[FX(T)/FX (0)]] 
 
“Relevant FX” means [insert Applicable FX/Not Applicable] 
 
“Strategy Performance” means [specify which of the following 
formulae applies: Average Formula/Max Formula]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Strategy Performance: 
 
“Strategy Observation Dates Set 1” means [Specify Observation 
Dates] 
 
“m” means [insert number]% 
 
“Strategy Observation Dates Set 2” means [Specify Observation 
Dates] 
 
“n” means [insert number] 
 
“Q” means [insert number] 
 
“Q’” means [insert number] 
 
“R” means [insert number] 
 
“R’” means [insert number] 
 
“Reference Strategy” means [insert number]% 
 
“InitStep” means [insert number]% 
 
“Levels Table” means [insert list of percentages] 
 
Components of the Strategy description: 
 
“Reference Strategy” means [insert number] 
 
“Initial Valuation Date” means [insert relevant Valuation Date] 
 
“BasketPerf1(t)” means [specify which formula applies] 
 
“BasketPerf2(t)” means [specify which formula applies] 
 
“BasketPerf3(t)” means [specify which formula applies] 
 
Elements for determination of the Strategy (Strategy(t)): 
 
“Strategy(0)” means [insert number]% 
 
V means [insert number]% 
 
Fixed Rate means [insert number]% 
 
Fixed Cost means [insert number]% 
 
Variable Rate1(t) means [Specify the applicable variable 
rate] 
 
Variable Rate2(t) means [Specify the applicable variable 
rate] 
 
P(t) means [insert number]%

--- Page 353 ---
353 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
∆t means [Insert the applicable calculation basis: Act/365, 
Act/360, Bus/252] 
 
Elements for determination of the risky allocation 
(alloc(t)) 
 
Threshold means [insert number]% 
 
Minalloc(t) means [insert number]% 
 
Maxalloc(t) means [insert number]% 
 
Target Volatility(t) means [insert number]% 
 
[Elements of the Realized Volatility calculation formula 
(“Realized Volatility(t)”): 
 
p means [] 
 
[Specify the duration of each period as a function of the 
number of Period p: 
 
Period1 means [insert dates] 
 
Period2 means [insert dates] 
 
[] = [] 
 
Periodp means [insert dates]] 
 
Factor means [insert weighting] 
 
Lagj means [insert weighting] 
 
A means [insert number]] 
 
Autocall 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
“R(t)” [means [insert numbers]%]/[Not Applicable] 
 
“BasketPerf1(t)” means [specify which formulae apply]. 
 
“BasketPerf2(T)” means [specify which formulae apply]. 
 
“BasketPerf3(T)” means [specify which formulae apply]. 
 
“BasketPerf4(T)” means [specify which formulae apply]. 
 
“BasketPerf5(T)” means [specify which formulae apply]. 
 
“ExerciseAmount(t)” means [insert numbers]% 
 
“G” means [insert numbers]% 
 
“Cap” means [insert numbers]% 
 
“K” means [insert numbers]% 
 
“Floor” means [insert numbers]% 
 
“B” [insert numbers]%/[Not Applicable] 
 
“MinAmount” means [insert numbers]%

--- Page 354 ---
354 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
“BonusAmount” means [insert numbers]% 
 
“Gu” means [insert numbers]% 
 
“Capu” means [insert numbers]% 
 
“Ku” means [insert numbers]% 
 
“Flooru” means [insert numbers]% 
 
“H” [means [insert numbers]%]/[is not applicable] 
 
“FX1” means [[100%]/[FX1(T)/FX1(0)]] 
 
“FX2” means [[100%]/[FX2(T)/FX2(0)]] 
 
“Relevant FX 1” means [insert Applicable FX/Not Applicable] 
 
“Relevant FX 2” means [insert Applicable FX/Not Applicable] 
 
Common Definitions for 
Formula Warrants 
 
(a) 
Observation 
Date[(s) Set]: 
[specify][Observation Dates Set 1:[specify]] [Observation Dates Set 2: 
[specify]] 
(b) 
[Average 
Observation 
Date[(s) Set]: 
[specify]] 
(c) 
[Lookback 
Observation 
Date[(s) Set]: 
[specify]] 
(d) 
[Actuarial 
Observation 
Date[(s) Set]: 
[specify]] 
(e) 
[Price 
Observation 
Date[(s) Set]: 
[specify]] 
(f) 
[Price: 
[specify]] 
(g) 
Reference Price 
(i): 
[specify] 
(h) 
PerfCap: 
[insert number]% 
(i) 
PerfFloor: 
[insert number]% 
(j) 
“i” means: 
[insert weighting] 
(k) 
“r” means: 
[insert number] 
11. 
Cash Settlement Amount 
(Formula Warrants being 
Rate Warrants or 
Currency Warrants): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (formula to be selected from below) 
(only Applicable for Rate Warrants or Currency Warrants) (If Not 
Applicable delete all following items) 
Common Definitions for 
Formula Warrants

--- Page 355 ---
355 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Underlying Set(s) 
(If there is only one Underlying Set to define, insert an identification 
here and fill in the sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(if there are several distinct Underlying Sets, used directly in the 
formula(e) or in the definition of Trigger(s) or Strike(s) or for any 
other purpose, insert each Underlying Set here with an unequivocal 
identification to be referred to in the formula(e) or the definition(s) of 
Trigger(s) or Strike(s) or for any other purpose and, as definition for 
each Underlying Set duplicate the sub-paragraphs below)  
Set Type: [Rate Index / Rate Spread / Rate Forward / FX Rate] 
Underlying(s): insert the relevant Underlying(s) 
If Set Type is Rate Index: 
− 
Rate Index: insert the Reference Rate and Specified 
Duration, or the Floating Rate Option and 
Designated Maturity 
If Set Type is Rate Spread: 
− 
Main Index: insert the Reference Rate and Specified 
Duration, or the Floating Rate Option and 
Designated Maturity 
− 
Secondary Index: insert the Reference Rate and 
Specified Duration, or the Floating Rate Option and 
Designated Maturity 
If Set Type is Rate Forward: 
− 
Long Tenor Index: insert the Reference Rate and 
Specified Duration, or the Floating Rate Option and 
Designated Maturity (whole number of years) 
− 
Short Tenor Index: insert the Reference Rate and 
Specified Duration, or the Floating Rate Option and 
Designated Maturity (whole number of years) 
If Set Type is FX Rate: 
− 
Domestic Currency: insert the Currency 
− 
Foreign Currency: insert the Currency 
[Valuation Type: insert the relevant Valuation Type if required by the 
Set Type] 
(If Set Type is Rate Forward: [Forward Annuity / Real Forward 
Annuity / Constant Rate Annuity / Dual Annuity Ratio / Discount 
Factor / Linear Maturity]) 
[Observation Type: [Arithmetic Averaging / Geometric Averaging / 
Hyperbolic Averaging / Lookback Min / Lookback Max]] 
[Underlying Local Adjustment: [Not Applicable] /  
[[Index Local Cap/Main Index Local Cap]: [Not Applicable / insert 
the Strike / insert the Strikes in respect of Settlement Dates, Reference 
Dates, all other uses]]

--- Page 356 ---
356 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
[[Index Local Floor/Main Index Local Floor]: [Not Applicable / insert 
the Strike / insert the Strikes in respect of Settlement Dates, Reference 
Dates, all other uses]] 
[[Index Local Coefficient/Main Index Local Coefficient]: [Not 
Applicable / insert the positive percentage / insert the positive 
percentages in respect of Settlement Dates, Reference Dates, all other 
uses]] 
if Set type is Rate Spread: 
[Secondary Index Local Cap: [Not Applicable / insert the Strike / 
insert the Strikes in respect of Settlement Dates, Reference Dates, all 
other uses]] 
[Secondary Index Local Floor: [Not Applicable / insert the Strike / 
insert the Strikes in respect of Settlement Dates, Reference Dates, all 
other uses]] 
[Secondary Index Local Coefficient: [Not Applicable / insert the 
positive percentage / insert the positive percentages in respect of 
Settlement Dates, Reference Dates, all other uses]] 
[Spread Level Cap: [Not Applicable / insert the Strike / insert the 
Strikes in respect of Settlement Dates, Reference Dates, all other 
uses]] 
[Spread Level Floor: [Not Applicable / insert the Strike / insert the 
Strikes in respect of Settlement Dates, Reference Dates, all other 
uses]] 
if Set Type is Rate Forward and Valuation Type is Constant Rate 
Annuity: 
[Annuity Control Ratio: [Not Applicable / insert the Strike / insert the 
Strikes in respect of, Reference Dates, all other uses]] 
if an Observation Type is specified and applicable for this Underlying 
Set: 
(repeat the term below as relevant for each underlying) 
[[Single Observation Cap/Daily Cap]: [Not Applicable / insert the 
Strike / insert the Strikes in respect of Settlement Dates, Reference 
Dates, all other uses]] 
[[Single Observation Floor/Daily Floor]: [Not Applicable / insert the 
Strike / insert the Strikes in respect of Settlement Dates, Reference 
Dates, all other uses]] 
[Strike(s):] 
(If there is only one Strike to define, insert an idenitification and a 
number here or fill in the sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(if there are several distinct Strikes, used in the formula(e) or in the 
definition of Trigger(s) or for any other purpose, insert each Strike 
here with an unequivocal identification and, as definition for each 
Strike either insert a number or duplicate the sub-paragraphs below) 
[Reference Value: insert a number] (this number may be a 
percentage. if this value is deemend to be a percentage, notably in a

--- Page 357 ---
357 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
formula handling interest rates, this number must be stated as 
percentage or the equivalent value, e.g. 0.05 for 5% and NOT as a 
number of percentage points) 
[Striking Type: [Not specified / Predetermined / Straight / Additive / 
Multiplicative / Hyperbolic]] 
[Underlying Set: if Striking Type is specified and not defined as 
Predetermined, insert the unequivocal identification of the Underlying 
Set] 
[Observation Type: [Not specified / Arithmetic Averaging / 
Geometric Averaging / Hyperbolic Averaging / Lookback Min / 
Lookback Max]] 
(leave unspecified if Striking Type is not specified or defined as 
Predetermined) 
[Striking Dates: insert the Reference Date(s)] 
(leave unspecified if Striking Type is not specified or defined as 
Predetermined) 
(if Striking Type is specified and not defined as Predetermined and 
Observation Type is not specified: define the Reference Date) 
(if Striking Type is specified and not defined as Predetermined and 
Observation Type is specified: define the set of Reference Dates) 
[Settlement 
Reference Dates:] 
[insert the Reference Dates in respect of each Settlement Date for the 
respective Underlying Sets] 
[The Accrual Dates specified below] (for Accrual Binary formula, if 
any) 
[Day Count 
Fraction for 
Settlement] 
[Not Applicable]  
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Actual/365(Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[RBA Bond Basis] 
[1/1] 
[Calculation/252] 
[(Adjusted/Unadjusted)] 
[Business Day 
Convention for 
Settlement] 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention] 
[Following Business Day Convention] 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention] 
[Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Reverse] Capped-
Floored Floater 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable]

--- Page 358 ---
358 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(or Capped-Floored 
Steepener) 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Cash Settlement 
Amount: 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set 
from the Common Definitions] 
Definitions below for each Settlement Date j as the case may be: 
[Cap(j) means [insert unequivocal identification of Strike from 
Common Definitions or directly a number or a percentage but not a 
number of percentage points (e.g. 5% must be stated as such or as 
0.05)]] 
[Floor(j) means [insert unequivocal identification of Strike from 
Common Definitions or directly a number or a (see above)]] 
[k(j) means [insert unequivocal identification of Strike from 
Common Definitions or directly a number or a percentage (see 
above)]] 
[L(j) means [insert number]%]  
[M(j) means [insert unequivocal identification of Strike from 
Common Definitions or directly a number or a percentage (see 
above 
[Range] [Accrual] 
Binary [Ladder] 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Cash Settlement 
Amount: 
U1 means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set 
from the Common Definitions] 
(facultative) 
[U2 means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying 
Set from the Common Definitions]] 
(facultative and only if U2 is specified) 
[U3 means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying 
Set from the Common Definitions]] 
Definitions below for each Settlement Date j as the case may be: 
(facultative) 
[Accrual Dates(j): [specifiy the Observation Dates]] 
(insert at least L1 or H1) 
[L1(j) means [insert unequivocal identification of Strike from 
Common Definitions or directly a number or a percentage but not a 
number of percentage points (e.g. 5% must be stated as such or as 
0.05)]]

--- Page 359 ---
359 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
[H1(j) means [insert unequivocal identification of Strike from 
Common Definitions or directly a number or a percentage (see 
above)]] 
(do not insert the below if any Additional Barrier are specified) 
[L1-Step(j) means [“Include”/“Exclude”]] 
[H1-Step(j) means [“Include”/“Exclude”]] 
(insert at least L2 or H2 only if U2 is specified and applicable) 
[L2(j) means [insert unequivocal identification of Strike from 
Common Definitions or directly a number or a percentage (see 
above)]] 
[H2(j) means [insert unequivocal identification of Strike from 
Common Definitions or directly a number or a percentage (see 
above)]] 
(do not insert the below if any Additional Barrier are specified) 
[L2-Step(j) means [“Include”/“Exclude”]] 
[H2-Step(j) means [“Include”/“Exclude”]] 
(insert at least L3 or H3 only if U3 is specified and applicable) 
[L3(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions or directly here a number or a percentage (see 
above)]] 
[H3(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions or directly here a number or a percentage (see 
above)]] 
(do not insert the below if any Additional Barrier are specified) 
[L3-Step(j) means [“Include”/“Exclude”]] 
[H3-Step(j) means [“Include”/“Exclude”]] 
(facultative) 
[Additional Barriers:] 
[L1_2(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from 
the Common Definitions or directly here a number or a percentage 
(see above)]] 
[L1_2-StepDown(j) means [“Include”/“Exclude”]] 
[H1_2(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from 
the Common Definitions or directly here a number or a percentage 
(see above)]] 
[H1_2-StepUp(j) means [“Include”/“Exclude”]] 
(insert as above, as relevant, in the form Lu_k(j), Lu_k-StepDown(j), 
Hu_k(j), Hu_k-StepUp(j), for k≥2 and u=1, 2 or 3) 
 
(compulsory: specify as InAmount or, if Ladder Barriers are specified 
specify as Pay_Init) 
[InAmount(j) means [insert unequivocal identification of Strike from 
Common Definitions or directly a number or a percentage but not a

--- Page 360 ---
360 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
number of percentage points (e.g. 5% must be stated as such or as 
0.05)]] 
[Pay_Init(j) means [insert Strike or percentage (see above)]] 
 
(facultative, do not specifiy if any Ladder Barrier is specified) 
[OutAmount(j) means [insert Strike or number (see above)]] 
 
(or, facultative, specifiy if any Ladder Barrier is specified) 
(insert as below if only U1 is specified and applicable) 
[Pay_1_up(j) means [insert Strike or number (see above)]] 
[Pay_1_dn(j) means [insert Strike or number (see above)]] 
(insert as above, as relevant, in the form Pay_k_x(j), for k≥1 and x 
being ‘up’ or ‘dn’) 
 
(insert as below if only U1 and U2 are specified and applicable) 
[Pay_1_U1up_U2up(j) means [insert Strike or number (see above)]] 
[Pay_1_U1dn_U2dn(j) means [insert Strike or number (see above)]] 
(insert as above, as relevant, in the form Pay_k_U1x1_U2x2(j), for 
k≥1, u=1 or 2 and x1 and x2 being ‘up’ or ‘dn’) 
 
(insert as below if U1, U2 and U3 are specified and applicable) 
[Pay_1_U1up_U2up_U3up(j) means [insert Strike or number (see 
above)]] 
[Pay_1_U1dn_U2dn_U3dn(j) means [insert Strike or number (see 
above)]] 
(insert as above, as relevant, in the form Pay_k_U1x1_U2x2_U3x3(j), 
for k≥1, u=1, 2 or 3 and x1, x2 and x3 being ‘up’ or ‘dn’) 
 
12. 
Parity: 
[specify]%/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable for Credit Linked Warrants) 
13. 
Exercise Rights in relation to 
Physical Delivery Warrants: 
 
 
Multiplication by the Notional 
Amount: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(see Condition 4.3(a)) 
14. 
Issue Date: 
[specify] 
15. 
Exercise Date: 
[[●], provided that, if such date is not an Exercise Business 
Day, the Exercise Date shall be the immediately 
[preceding/succeeding] Exercise Business Day] (European 
Style Warrants) / [Any Exercise Business Day in the 
Exercise Period] (American Style Warrants) / [Any 
Potential Exercise Date] (Bermudan Style Warrants) / 
[Each Interim Valuation Date set out at paragraph 19]

--- Page 361 ---
361 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(Interim Payment) / [As defined in Condition 3] (For 
Credit Linked Warrants) / [Not Applicable] 
16. 
Potential Exercise Dates: 
[[●], provided that, if [any] such date is not an Exercise 
Business Day, the [relevant] Exercise Date shall be the 
immediately [preceding/succeeding] Exercise Business 
Day (Bermudan Style Warrants)] / [Not Applicable] 
17. 
Exercise Period: 
[From and including [●] to and including [●] [, or if [●] is 
not an Exercise Business Day, the immediately 
[succeeding] Exercise Business Day] (American Style 
Warrants).]/[Not Applicable] 
18. 
Settlement Date: 
[[specify]/[As defined in Condition 3] (For Cash Settled 
Warrants and Credit Linked Warrants) unless intended to 
differ/[Interim Payment]]/[The Warrants are Open-ended 
Warrants]/  
 
[(“Settlement Business Day” for the purposes of 
Condition 4.3(b) means [●]) (Physical Delivery Warrants)] 
 
[Subject to the Business Day Convention for Settlement] 
(For Rate Warrants and Currency Warrants) 
19. 
Interim Payment: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
t 
Interim 
Valuation Date 
(t) 
Interim Payment Date (t) 
 
1 
[●] 
[●] 
 
2 
[●] 
[●] 
 
3 
[●] 
[●] 
20. 
Valuation Date: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition [14.2][15.2][16.2] 
[17.2][18.2][19.2][20.2][21.2]/[24.7] 
[Each 
Interim 
Valuation Date set out at paragraph 19 (Interim Payment)] 
21. 
Business Day Centre(s): 
[specify] 
22. 
Issuer’s option to vary settlement: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(For offers to consumers in Belgium, this must not be 
applicable) 
23. 
Exchange Rate: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] (Not Applicable for Credit 
Linked Warrants) 
 
The Exchange Rate for conversion of any amount into the 
relevant settlement currency for the purposes of 
determining the Cash Settlement Amount is [●]. 
24. 
Settlement Currency: 
[Norwegian Warrants: NOK or any other currency as 
may be approved by the Norwegian CSD Rules/Swedish 
Warrants: SEK, EUR or any other currency as may be 
approved by the Swedish CSD Rules/Finnish Warrants: 
EUR/Other Dematerialised Warrants/Danish Warrants:

--- Page 362 ---
362 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
DKK, EUR or any other currency as may be approved by 
the Danish CSD Rules.] 
Replacement Currency: 
[Euro/U.S. dollar] 
25. 
Calculation Agent: 
[NATIXIS/specify] [address] 
26. 
Cash Settlement Amount: 
[As defined in Condition 3/as described in paragraph 10 
(Cash Settlement Amount (Formula Warrants not being 
Rate Warrants or Currency Warrants))/as described in 
paragraph 11 (Formula Warrants being Rate Warrants or 
Currency Warrants))]: / [specify] / [Credit Settlement 
Amount] (For Credit Linked Warrants only) 
27. 
Maximum Cash Settlement Amount: 
[specify/Not Applicable] 
28. 
Settlement by Physical Delivery: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(Not Applicable for Credit Linked Warrants) 
(if Physical Delivery is not applicable, delete remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Relevant Number of 
[Shares]/[Deliverable 
Shares]/[Fund 
Shares]/[Deliverable Fund 
Shares]: 
[specify][As defined in 
Condition [14.5(i)]/[15.6]/[20.5(e)]/[21.8]] 
(b) 
Physical Delivery Reference 
Amount: 
[The Notional Amount]/[specify] 
(c) 
[Share][Fund Share] 
Reference Price: 
[the Initial Price/the Ultimate Final Price/specify] 
(d) 
Integral Number of 
[Shares]/[Deliverable 
Shares]/[Fund 
Shares]/[Deliverable Fund 
Shares]: 
[specify][As defined in 
Condition [14.5(i)]/[15.6]/[20.5(e)]/[21.8]] [for Warrants 
to be aggregated for determining the number of 
Deliverable Shares/Deliverable Fund Shares or as the 
case may be Shares/Fund Shares to be delivered: Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Residual Number of 
[Shares]/[Deliverable 
Shares]/[Fund 
Shares]/[Deliverable Fund 
Shares]: 
[specify][As defined in 
Condition [14.5(i)]/[15.6]/[20.5(e)]/[21.8]][for Warrants 
to be aggregated for determining the number of 
Deliverable Shares/Deliverable Fund Share or as the case 
may be Shares/Fund Shares to be delivered: Not 
Applicable] 
(f) 
Ultimate Final Price: 
[specify][As defined in 
Condition [14.5(i)]/[15.6]/[20.5(e)]/[21.8]] 
(g) 
Prevailing Exchange Rate: 
[Not Applicable][specify] 
(h) 
Physical Delivery Rounding 
Convention: 
[[Upwards][Downwards] to the nearest [insert decimal 
place] decimal]/[See 
Condition [14.5(i)]/[15.6]/[20.5(e)]/[21.8]] 
(i) 
Warrants to be aggregated 
for determining the number 
of [Deliverable] 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 363 ---
363 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
[Shares/Fund Shares] to be 
delivered: 
29. 
Further provisions applicable to 
Single Share Warrants: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] (if not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Company(ies): 
[specify] 
(b) 
Share(s): 
[(insert description of relevant share, including the 
relevant ISIN or such other security identification code)]  
(if the Share is neither a DR nor a Unit in an ETF, [specify] 
and delete the sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(if the Share is a DR or a Unit in an ETF, [specify (see 
below Additional Provisions)], fill in the relevant 
sub-paragraph and delete the other sub-paragraph) 
Additional Provisions for 
Depositary Receipt: 
DR Sponsor: [specify] 
 
DR Specified Currency: [specify] 
 
Condition 14.5(g): [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Additional Provisions for 
Exchange Traded Fund: 
ETF Adviser: [specify] 
 
ETF Administrator: [specify] 
 
ETF Underlying Index: [Not Applicable/specify] 
 
ETF 
Minimum 
Tradable 
Quantity: 
[Not 
Applicable/Specify] 
 
Condition 14.5(h) [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(c) 
Exchange: 
[As defined in Condition 14.1/specify] 
(d) 
Related Exchange: 
[As defined in Condition 14.1/specify] 
(e) 
Initial Price: 
[Not 
Applicable/specify/Strike 
Price/Average 
Price/Minimum Price/Maximum Price (See definition in 
Condition 14.1)] 
(f) 
Barrier Price: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Final Price: 
[As defined in Condition 14.1/Average Price/Minimum 
Price/Maximum Price (See definition in Condition 14.1)] 
(h) 
Share Performance: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(i) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify [“greater than”/“greater than or 
equal to”/“less than”/“less than or equal to”]] (if not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-sub-paragraphs of 
this sub-paragraph) 
(i) 
Knock-in Price: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify]

--- Page 364 ---
364 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(iii) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[specify] 
(vi) 
Knock-in Valuation 
Time: 
[specify] 
(j) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify [“greater than”/”greater than or 
equal to”/”less than”/”less than or equal to”]] (if not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-sub-paragraphs of 
this sub-paragraph) 
(i) 
Knock-out Price: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Knock-out Period 
Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Knock-out Period 
Ending Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[specify] 
(vi) 
Knock-out 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(k) 
Strike Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(l) 
Observation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] 
[For the purpose of the Initial Price: specify / 
For the purpose of the Final Price: specify] 
(m) 
Specific Number(s): 
[In relation to [Strike Date and/or] [Valuation Date [and/or 
Observation 
Dates]: 
[specify/As 
defined 
in 
Condition 14.1]] 
(n) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify/As defined in Condition 14.1] 
(o) 
Minimum Percentage: 
[specify/As defined in Condition 14.5(d)] 
(p) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Not Applicable/specify]

--- Page 365 ---
365 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
(i) 
Exchange Rate 
Determination Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(ii) 
Exchange Rate 
Business Day: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(q) 
Additional Disruption 
Events: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(for offers to consumers in Belgium, this must be not 
applicable) 
(if Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraph below) 
Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Change in Law 
applicable, insert: - Trade 
Date: 
[●]] 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Increased Cost of Stock 
Borrow: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Increased Cost of Stock Borrow 
applicable, insert: 
 
- Initial Stock Loan Rate: 
[●]] 
Loss of Stock Borrow: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Loss of Stock Borrow applicable, 
insert: 
 
- Maximum Stock Loan 
Rate: 
[●]] 
30. 
Further provisions applicable to 
Basket Share Warrants: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] (if not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Companies: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Shares: 
[(insert description of relevant share(s), in each case 
including the relevant ISIN or such other security 
identification code)] 
 
(if the Basket comprises DR(s) specify: in respect of any 
Depositary Receipt. (if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)) 
Additional Provisions for 
Depositary Receipt: 
 
 
DR Sponsor: [specify] 
 
DR Specified Currency: [specify]

--- Page 366 ---
366 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
Condition 15.5(i): [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
Additional Provisions for 
Exchange Trade Fund: 
 
 
ETF Adviser: [specify] 
 
ETF Administrator: [specify] 
 
ETF Underlying Index: [Not Applicable/specify] 
 
ETF 
Minimum 
Tradable 
Quantity: 
f[Not 
Applicable/specify] 
 
Condition 15.5(j) [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(c) 
Weighting: 
For each Share in the Basket: 
 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(d) 
Exchange: 
[specify/As defined in Condition 15.1] 
(e) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify/As defined in Condition 15.1] 
(f) 
Separate Valuation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(g) 
Initial Price: 
[Not Applicable/ Strike Price/Average Price/Minimum 
Price/Maximum Price/specify (See definition in Condition 
15.1)] 
(h) 
Barrier Price: 
[specify] 
(i) 
Final Price: 
[As defined in Condition 15.1/Average Price/Minimum 
Price/Maximum Price (See definition in Condition 15.1)] 
(j) 
Share Performance: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(k) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify [“greater than”/“greater than or 
equal to”/“less than”/“less than or equal to”]] (if not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-sub-paragraphs of 
this sub-paragraph) 
(i) 
Knock-in Price: 
[specify/As defined in Condition 15.4(a)] 
(ii) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[specify]

--- Page 367 ---
367 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(vi) 
Knock-in Valuation 
Time: 
[specify] 
(vii) 
Knock-in Number of 
Shares: 
[specify] 
(l) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify [“greater than”/”greater than or 
equal to”/”less than”/”less than or equal to”]] (if not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-sub-paragraphs of 
this sub-paragraph) 
(i) 
Knock-out Price: 
[specify/As defined in Condition 15.4(b)] 
(ii) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Knock-out Period 
Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Knock-out Period 
Ending Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[specify] 
(vi) 
Knock-out 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(vii) 
Knock-out Number 
of Shares: 
[specify] 
(m) 
Strike Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(n) 
Observation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] 
[For purposes of the Initial Price: specify / 
For purposes of the Final Price: specify ] 
(o) 
Specific Number(s): 
[In relation to [Strike Date and/or] [Valuation Date [and/or 
Observation 
Dates]: 
[specify/As 
defined 
in 
Condition 15.1]] 
(p) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify/As defined in Condition 15.1] 
(q) 
Minimum Percentage: 
[specify/As defined in Condition 15.5(d)] 
(r) 
Specified Number of Shares: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(s) 
Cut-off Number: 
[specify/As defined in Condition (i)] 
(t) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
(i) 
Exchange Rate 
Determination Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify]

--- Page 368 ---
368 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(ii) 
Exchange Rate 
Business Day: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(u) 
Additional Disruption 
Events: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(for offers to consumers in Belgium, this must be not 
applicable) 
(if Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraph below) 
Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Change in Law 
applicable, insert: - Trade 
Date: 
[●]] 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Increased Cost of Stock 
Borrow: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Increased Cost of Stock Borrow 
applicable, insert: 
 
- Initial Stock Loan Rate: 
[●]] 
Loss of Stock Borrow: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Loss of Stock Borrow applicable, 
insert: 
 
- Maximum Loan Stock 
Rate: 
[●]] 
31. 
Further provisions applicable to 
Single Index Warrants: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] (if Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index: 
[specify] ([Single/Multi] Exchange Index) 
(b) 
Index Sponsor: 
[specify/As defined in Condition 16.1(c)] 
(c) 
Availability of the Rules of 
the Index (only relevant for 
Proprietary Indices): 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable]/[The Rules of the Index are 
available on the website of NATIXIS  
(https://equityderivatives.natixis.com/en/) 
or 
made 
available upon request made in writing to NATIXIS, 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon, 75013 Paris, France/ The 
information on the website of NATIXIS does not form part 
of the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the competent authority] 
 
(d) 
Exchange: 
[specify/As defined in Condition 16.1(b)] 
(e) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify/As defined in Condition 16.1(b)] 
(f) 
Initial Level: 
[specify/Strike 
Level/Average 
Level/Minimum 
Level/Maximum Level (see definition in Condition 16.1)] 
(g) 
Barrier Level: 
[Not Applicable/specify]

--- Page 369 ---
369 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(h) 
Final Level 
[As defined in Condition 16.1/Average Level/Minimum 
Level/Maximum Level (see definition in Condition 16.1)] 
(i) 
Index Performance: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(j) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify [“greater than”/“greater than or 
equal to”/“less than”/“less than or equal to”]] (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-sub-paragraphs of 
this sub-paragraph) 
(i) 
Knock-in Level: 
[specify/As defined in Condition 16.4(a)] 
(ii) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[specify] 
(vi) 
Knock-in Valuation 
Time: 
[specify] 
(k) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify [“greater than”/”greater than or 
equal to”/”less than”/”less than or equal to”]] (if not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-sub-paragraphs of 
this sub-paragraph) 
(i) 
Knock-out Level: 
[specify/As defined in Condition 16.4(b)] 
(ii) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Knock-out Period 
Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Knock-out Period 
Ending Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[specify] 
(vi) 
Knock-out 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(l) 
Strike Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(m) 
Observation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 370 ---
370 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
[For the purposes of the Initial Level: specify / 
For the purposes of the Final Level: specify] 
(n) 
Specific Number(s): 
[In relation to [Strike Date and/or] [Valuation Date [and/or 
Observation Dates]: [specify/As defined in Condition 16.1] 
(o) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify/As defined in Condition 16.1(b)] 
(p) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
(i) 
Exchange Rate 
Determination Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(ii) 
Exchange Rate 
Business Day: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(q) 
Additional Disruption 
Events: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(for offers to consumers in Belgium, this must be not 
applicable) 
(if Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraph below) 
Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Change in Law 
applicable, insert: - Trade 
Date: 
[●]] 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
32. 
Further provisions applicable to 
Basket Index Warrants: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] (if Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index type: 
[[Single/Multi] Exchange Index] 
(b) 
Index: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Index Sponsor: 
[specify/As defined in Condition 17.1(c)]  
(d) 
Availability of the Rules of 
the Index (Only relevant for 
Proprietary Indices): 
[specify]/[Not Applicable]/[The Rules of the Index are 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
NATIXIS 
(https://equityderivatives.natixis.com/en/) 
or 
made 
available upon request made in writing to NATIXIS, 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon, 75013 Paris, France. The 
information on the website of NATIXIS does not form part 
of the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the competent authority.]  
(e) 
Exchange: 
[specify/As defined in Conditions 17.1(b) and 17.1(c)] 
(f) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify/As defined in Conditions 17.1(b) and 17.1(c)] 
(g) 
Separate Valuation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 371 ---
371 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(h) 
Initial Level: 
[specify/ Strike Level/ Average Level/ Minimum Level/ 
Maximum Level (see Condition 17.1)] 
(i) 
Barrier Level: 
[specify] 
(j) 
Final Level:  
[As defined in Condition 17.1 /Average Level/Minimum 
Level/Maximum Level (See definition in Condition 17.1)]  
(k) 
Weighting: 
For each Index in the Basket: 
 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(l) 
Basket Performance: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(m) 
Index Performance: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(n) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify [“greater than”/“greater than or 
equal to”/“less than”/“less than or equal to”]] (if not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-sub-paragraphs of 
this sub-paragraph) 
(i) 
Knock-in Level: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[specify] 
(vi) 
Knock-in Valuation 
Time: 
[specify] 
(o) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify [“greater than”/”greater than or 
equal to”/”less than”/”less than or equal to”]] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-sub-paragraphs of 
this sub-paragraph) 
(i) 
Knock-out Level: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Knock-out Period 
Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Knock-out Period 
Ending Date 
[specify]

--- Page 372 ---
372 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
(vi) 
Knock-out 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(p) 
Strike Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(q) 
Observation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] 
[For purposes of the Initial Level: specify / 
For purposes of the Final Level: specify] 
(r) 
Specific Number(s): 
In relation to [Strike Date and/or] [Valuation Date [and/or 
Observation Dates]: [As per Condition 17.1/specify] 
(s) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify/As defined in Conditions 17.1(b) and 17.1(c)] 
(t) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
(i) 
Exchange Rate 
Determination Date: 
[Not applicable/specify] 
(ii) 
Exchange Rate 
Business Day: 
[Not applicable/specify] 
(u) 
Additional Disruption 
Events: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(for offers to consumers in Belgium, this must be not 
applicable) 
(if Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraph below) 
Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Change in Law 
applicable, insert: - Trade 
Date: 
[●]] 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
33. 
Further provisions applicable to 
Single Commodity Warrants: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] (if Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Commodity: 
[specify] [Bullion (if applicable)] 
(b) 
Exchange: 
[Not Applicable/specify/As defined in Condition 18.1] 
(c) 
Related Exchange: 
[Not Applicable/specify/As defined in Condition 18.1] 
(d) 
Commodity Reference Price 
Sponsor: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(e) 
Commodity Reference Price: 
[specify, including relevant Price Source eg Exchange, 
Commodity Reference Price Sponsor or other information 
provider/Commodity Reference Dealers]

--- Page 373 ---
373 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
[If Commodity Reference Dealers, specify four Reference 
Dealers or Bullion Reference Dealers, as applicable: 
 
[Bullion] Reference Dealers:] 
(f) 
Specified Price: 
[specify relevant type of price including relevant time if 
applicable] 
(g) 
Price Materiality Percentage: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(h) 
Initial Price: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(i) 
Barrier Price: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(j) 
Commodity Performance: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(k) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify [“greater than”/”greater than or 
equal to”/”less than”/”less than or equal to”]] (if not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-sub-paragraphs of 
this sub-paragraph) 
(i) 
Knock-in Price: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[specify] 
(vi) 
Knock-in Valuation 
Time: 
[specify] 
(l) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify [“greater than”/”greater than or 
equal to”/”less than”/”less than or equal to”]] (if not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-sub-paragraphs of 
this sub-paragraph) 
(i) 
Knock-out Price: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Knock-out Period 
Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Knock-out Period 
Ending Date 
[specify]

--- Page 374 ---
374 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
(vi) 
Knock-out 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(m) 
Strike Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(n) 
Averaging Dates: 
[specify] 
(o) 
Observation Period(s): 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(p) 
Specific Number(s): 
[In relation to [Strike Date and/or] [Valuation Date [and/or 
Averaging Dates]: [specify/As defined in Condition b)]] 
(q) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify/As defined in Condition 18.1] 
(r) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
(i) 
Exchange Rate 
Determination Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(ii) 
Exchange Rate 
Business Day: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(s) 
Additional Disruption 
Events: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(for offers to consumers in Belgium, this must be not 
applicable) 
(if Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Change in Law 
applicable, insert: - Trade 
Date: 
[●]] 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(t) 
Abandonment of Scheme: 
[As per Condition 18.7/Not Applicable] 
34. 
Further provisions applicable to 
Basket Commodity Warrants: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] (if not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Commodities: 
For each Commodity in the Basket: 
 
[specify] [Bullion (if applicable)] 
(b) 
Weighting: 
For each Commodity in the Basket: 
 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(c) 
Basket: 
[[Single/Multi] Exchange Basket] 
(d) 
Exchange: 
[Not Applicable/specify for each Commodity in the Basket 
if applicable/see Conditions 19.1(b) and 19.1(c)]

--- Page 375 ---
375 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(e) 
Related Exchange: 
[Not Applicable/specify for each Commodity in the Basket 
if applicable/see Conditions 19.1(b) and 19.1(c)] 
(f) 
Commodity Reference Price 
Sponsor: 
[Not Applicable/specify for each Commodity in the Basket 
if applicable] 
(g) 
Commodity Reference Price: 
For each Commodity in the Basket: 
 
[specify] 
 
[specify, including relevant Price Source, eg Exchange, 
Commodity Reference Price Sponsor or other information 
provider/Commodity Reference Dealers] 
 
[If Commodity Reference Dealers, specify four Reference 
Dealers or Bullion Reference Dealers, as applicable: 
 
[Bullion] Reference Dealers:] 
(h) 
Specified Price: 
[specify relevant type of price, including relevant time if 
applicable for all Commodities in the Basket; otherwise, 
specify for each Commodity] 
(i) 
Price Materiality Percentage: 
[Not Applicable/specify for each Commodity] 
(j) 
Separate Valuation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(k) 
Initial Price: 
[specify] 
(l) 
Barrier Price: 
[specify] 
(m) 
Basket Performance: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(n) 
Commodity Performance: 
[Not Applicable/specify for each Commodity in the Basket 
if applicable] 
(o) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify [“greater than”/”greater than or 
equal to”/”less than”/”less than or equal to”]] (if not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-sub-paragraphs of 
this sub-paragraph) 
(i) 
Knock-in Price: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[specify] 
(vi) 
Knock-in Valuation 
Time: 
[specify]

--- Page 376 ---
376 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(p) 
Knock-out Price: 
[Not Applicable/specify [“greater than”/”greater than or 
equal to”/”less than”/”less than or equal to”]] (if not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-sub-paragraphs of 
this sub-paragraph) 
(i) 
Knock-out Price: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Knock-out Period 
Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Knock-out Period 
Ending Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[specify] 
(vi) 
Knock-out 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(q) 
Strike Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(r) 
Averaging Dates: 
[specify] 
(s) 
Observation Period(s): 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(t) 
Specific Number(s): 
In relation to [Strike Date and/or] [Valuation Date [and/or 
Averaging Dates]: [As per the Conditions/specify] 
(u) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify/As defined in Conditions 19.1(b) and 19.1(c)] 
(v) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
(i) 
Exchange Rate 
Determination Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(ii) 
Exchange Rate 
Business Day: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(w) 
Additional Disruption 
Events: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(for offers to consumers in Belgium, this must be not 
applicable) 
(if Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraph below) 
Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Change in Law 
applicable, insert: - Trade 
Date: 
[●]]

--- Page 377 ---
377 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(x) 
Abandonment of Scheme: 
[As per Condition 19.7/Not Applicable] 
35. 
Further provisions applicable to 
Credit Linked Warrants: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] (if not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Type of CLWs: 
[Single Entity CLW]/[Basket CLW] 
(b) 
CLW Position: 
[Long Position]/[Short Position]/ [For Basket CLWs: As 
specified in the Annex for Basket CLWs] 
(c) 
Transaction Type: 
[[Standard North American Corporate/Standard European 
Corporate/Standard 
European 
Financial 
Corporate/ 
Standard European Coco Financial Corporate/ Standard 
European Senior Non Preferred Financial Corporate/ 
Standard 
Subordinated 
European 
Insurance 
Corporate/Standard 
Emerging 
European 
Corporate 
LPN/Standard Emerging European Corporate/Standard 
Latin America Corporate B/Standard Latin America 
Corporate BL/Standard Australia Corporate/Standard 
Australia Financial Corporate/Standard New Zealand 
Corporate/Standard 
New 
Zealand 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
Japan 
Corporate/Standard 
Japan 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
Singapore 
Corporate/Standard 
Singapore 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
Asia 
Corporate/Standard 
Asia 
Financial Corporate/ Standard Sukuk Corporate/ Standard 
Western European Sovereign/Standard Latin America 
Sovereign/Standard Emerging European & Middle Eastern 
Sovereign/Standard Australia Sovereign/Standard New 
Zealand Sovereign/Standard Japan Sovereign/Standard 
Singapore Sovereign/Standard Asia Sovereign/ Standard 
Sukuk Sovereign] /[For Basket CLWs: The Transaction 
Type for each Reference Entity set out in the Annex for 
Basket CLWs]/[For Index Basket CLWs: As defined in 
Condition 24.7]] 
(d) 
Fixed Recovery CLW: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Fixed Recovery Period: [●]] 
(e) 
Trade Date: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Accrued Interest 
(Condition 24.3): 
[Not Applicable]/[Include Accrued Interest]/[Exclude 
Accrued Interest]/[Market Practice] 
(g) 
Scheduled Expiration Date: 
[specify] 
(h) 
Longstop Expiration Date: 
[specify] 
(i) 
Expiration Date Extension: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(j) 
[Observation Period Initial 
Reference Date: 
[The Trade Date / [Specify other] [for all Reference 
Entities]/As specified in the Annex for Basket 
CLWs]]

--- Page 378 ---
378 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(k) 
[Observation Period Final 
Reference Date: 
[The Scheduled Expiration Date / [Specify other] 
[for all Reference Entities]/As specified in the 
Annex for Basket CLWs]] 
(l) 
CLW Business Day: 
[specify] [Business Days specified in the Physical 
Settlement Matrix for the Transaction Type] [T2 Business 
Day] 
(m) 
Party responsible for 
calculations in accordance 
with Condition 24 (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[specify] [Not Applicable – Calculation Agent] 
(n) 
Domestic Currency: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 24.7]. 
(o) 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[specify name, ISIN (unless specified in sub-paragraph (q) 
below), address, country of incorporation, industry or 
industries in which the reference entity operates and the 
name of the market in which its securities are admitted] (if: 
(i) the Warrants are issued pursuant to a public offer or 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market; and (ii) the 
Reference Entity (or the issuer of the Reference Obligation) 
has securities already admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market, equivalent third country market or SME Growth 
Market) /[For Basket CLWs: As specified in the Annex for 
Basket CLWs]/[For Index Basket CLWs: As defined in 
Condition 24.7]/[For CLWs where Additional Provisions 
for LPN Reference Obligations is Applicable specify: As 
defined in Condition 24.8]/[For CLWs where Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Preference 
Obligations is Applicable specify: As defined in 
Condition 24.9] 
(p) 
Reference Entity Notional 
Weight: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 24.7]/[For Basket CLWs 
only: As specified in the Annex for Basket CLWs]/[For 
Index Basket CLWs: As defined in Condition 24.7] 
(q) 
Financial Reference Entity 
Terms: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/ [As specified in Physical 
Settlement Matrix for the Transaction Type] 
(r) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[specify]/[The Reference Obligation(s) specified under 
Reference Obligation CUSIP/ISIN below]/[For Index 
Basket CLWs: As defined in Condition 24.7]/[LPN 
Reference Obligation] 
(s) 
Reference Obligation 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[specify]/[Not Applicable]/[For Basket CLWs: As specified 
in the Annex for Basket CLWs]/[For Index Basket CLWs: 
Not Applicable as covered by definition of Reference 
Obligation above] 
(t) 
[Standard Reference 
Obligation:] 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[For Basket CLWs: As 
specified in the Annex for Basket CLWs] 
(For Index Basket CLWs, delete section as covered by 
definition of Reference Obligation above) 
(If LPN Reference Obligation is not applicable)

--- Page 379 ---
379 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(u) 
[Reference Obligation Only 
Trade:] 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[For Basket CLWs: As 
specified in the Annex for Basket CLWs] 
(v) 
Excluded Obligation: 
[specify]/[if Financial Reference Entity Terms are 
applicable under Condition 24 specify: As defined in 
Condition 24.7]/[None] 
(w) 
Excluded Deliverable 
Obligation: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 24.7]/[None] 
(x) 
Obligation Characteristics: 
[Not 
Subordinated]/[Credit 
Linked 
Specified 
Currency]/[Not 
Sovereign 
Lender]/[Not 
Domestic 
Currency]/[Listed]/[Not 
Domestic 
Issuance]/[Not 
Domestic Law]/[As specified in the Physical Settlement 
Matrix for the Transaction Type]/[If Reference Obligation 
Only is applicable specify: Not Applicable – Reference 
Obligation Only] 
(y) 
Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not 
Subordinated]/[Credit 
Linked 
Specified 
Currency]/[Not 
Sovereign 
Lender]/[Not 
Domestic 
Currency]/[Listed]/[Not 
Domestic 
Issuance]/[Not 
Domestic Law]/[Assignable Loan]/[Consent Required 
Loan]/[Direct 
Loan 
Participation]/[Transferable]/[Maximum 
Maturity]/[Accelerated or Matured]/[Not Bearer]/[As 
specified in the Physical Settlement Matrix for the 
Transaction Type]/ [If Reference Obligation Only is 
applicable specify: Not Applicable – Reference Obligation 
Only] 
(z) 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment]/[Borrowed 
Money]/[Reference 
Obligations 
Only]/[Bond]/[Loan]/[Bond or Loan]/ [As specified in the 
Physical Settlement Matrix for the Transaction Type] / [If 
Reference Obligation Only is applicable specify: Reference 
Obligation Only] 
(aa) 
Deliverable Obligation 
Category: 
[Payment]/[Borrowed 
Money]/[Reference 
Obligations 
Only]/[Bond]/[Loan]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Physical 
Settlement Matrix for the Transaction Type]/[Bond or 
Loan]/ [If Reference Obligation Only is applicable specify: 
Reference Obligation Only] 
(bb) 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level]/[Subordinated Level]/[For CLWs where 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference 
Obligations is Applicable specify: [Senior Non-Preferred 
Level]/[For Basket CLWs: As specified in the Annex for 
Basket CLWs]] 
(cc) 
Subordinated European 
Insurance Terms: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Physical Settlement Matrix for the Transaction Type] 
(dd) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 24.7] 
(ee) 
Credit Linked Specified 
Currency: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 24.7] 
(ff) 
Settlement Method: 
[CS]/[Auction Settlement] (Cash Settlement or Auction 
Settlement)

--- Page 380 ---
380 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(gg) 
Settlement Currency: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 24.7] 
(hh) 
CS Date (cash settlement 
date): 
[[specify] London and Paris Business Days after the 
determination of the [Weighted Average Final Price/Final 
Price]/[As defined in Condition 24.7]/[specify]] 
(ii) 
AS Date (auction settlement 
date): 
[specify]/[3 London and Paris Business Days following the 
date of delivery of the Auction Settlement Amount Notice 
by the Calculation Agent]/[As defined in Condition 24.7] 
(jj) 
For the purposes of the CS 
Amount “P” means: 
[Weighted Average Final Price]/[Final Price] 
[and/or specify for Fixed Recovery CLW and, if applicable, 
during a Fixed Recovery Period only: X%] 
(kk) 
Payment Requirement: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 24.7] 
(ll) 
Default Requirement: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 24.7] 
(mm) Notice Delivery Period 
Commencement Date: 
[specify] 
(nn) 
Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date: 
For the purposes of the Credit Event Notice, the Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date relating to this Credit Event 
shall not be deemed to occur before the [Trade Date]/[Issue 
Date]. 
(oo) 
Credit Event: 
[Bankruptcy]/[Failure 
to 
Pay]/[Obligation 
Acceleration]/[Obligation 
Default]/ 
[Repudiation/Moratorium]/[Restructuring]/ 
[Governmental Intervention] / [As specified in the Physical 
Settlement Matrix for the Transaction Type] 
(pp) 
Multiple Holder Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]/[For 
CLWs 
where 
Additional Provisions for LPN Reference Obligations is 
applicable specify: Not Applicable with respect to any 
Reference Obligation and any Underlying Loan]/[As 
specified in the Physical Settlement Matrix for the 
Transaction Type] 
(qq) 
Credit Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[specify amount] 
(rr) 
Standard Credit Unwind 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ss) 
Non-Standard Credit 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(tt) 
Where Non-Standard Credit 
Unwind Costs apply: 
[Treasury Eligible Currency: [specify] 
Treasury Non-Eligible Currency: [specify]] 
(uu) 
Grace Period: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 24.7] 
(Applicable only when Grace Period Extension is 
applicable below) 
(vv) 
Grace Period Extension: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ww) 
Quotation Amount: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 24.7]

--- Page 381 ---
381 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(xx) 
Notice of Publicly Available 
Information: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Physical Settlement Matrix for the Transaction Type] 
(yy) 
Public Source: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 24.7] 
(zz) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(aaa) 
Index Basket CLWs: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[The 
Index 
Basket 
CLWs 
are 
[iTraxx][CDX] Index Basket CLWs] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index: 
[Markit iTraxx® Europe [index name] Series [specify] 
Version [specify]] / [Markit CDX.NA.[IG/HY/XO].[ ] 
[specify sector, if any] [specify series, if any] [specify 
version, if any]] 
(ii) 
Index Notional 
Weight: 
[Specify]/[As defined in Condition 24.7] 
(iii) 
Annex Date: 
[Specify] 
(bbb) 
[Provisions applicable to 
Condition 21.1(a)(A)(C)(a)(i
i) (DC Resolution effect):] 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Additional 
provisions 
applicable to 
Condition 24.7 - 
“Original Non-
Standard Reference 
Obligation”: 
[Specify (Where the obligation specified as the Reference 
Obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity, 
such obligation will not constitute a valid Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation for the purposes of the 
Credit Linked Warrant (other than for the purposes of 
determining the Seniority Level and for the “Not 
Subordinated” 
Obligation 
Characteristic 
or 
“Not 
Subordinated” Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) 
unless this is specified otherwise here)]/[Not Applicable] 
(ccc) 
Additional Provisions for 
LPN Reference Entities: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If 
Applicable, 
insert: 
Additional 
Obligation: 
[specify]/[For Basket CLWs: As specified in the Annex for 
Basket CLWs]/[Not Applicable] 
(ddd) 
Additional Provisions for 
Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(eee) 
Additional Disruption 
Events: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(for offers to consumers in Belgium, this must be not 
applicable) 
(if Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraph below) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Change in Law 
applicable, insert: - Trade 
Date: 
[●]]

--- Page 382 ---
382 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(i) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(fff) 
CDS Trigger Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(May not be applicable for Short Position CLWs.If 
not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Z: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Relevant Reference 
Currency: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Specific CDS 
Quotation Amount: 
[specify] /[An amount equal to the Reference Entity 
Aggregate Amount] 
CDS Trigger Event 
Settlement Date: 
[specify] 
(ggg) 
2019 Narrowly Tailored 
Credit Event Provisions: 
[As specified in the Physical Settlement Matrix for 
the 
Transaction 
Type][Applicable][Not 
Applicable][For Basket CLWs: As specified in the 
Annex for Basket CLWs] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Fallback 
Discounting: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Credit 
Deterioration 
Requirement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
(hhh) 
Provisions relating to 
Monoline Insurer as 
Reference Entity: 
[As specified in the Physical Settlement Matrix for 
the 
Transaction 
Type][Applicable][Not 
Applicable][For Basket CLWs other than Index 
Basket CLWs for which the Physical Settlement 
Matrix option as specified above should be 
specified: As specified in the Annex for Basket 
CLWs] 
(iii) 
Limited Recourse Terms: 
[As specified in the Physical Settlement Matrix for 
the 
Transaction 
Type][Applicable][Not 
Applicable][For Basket CLWs: As specified in the 
Annex for Basket CLWs] 
36. 
Further provisions applicable to 
Single Fund Warrants: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(a) 
Fund: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Fund Share(s): 
[specify] 
(c) 
Fund Adviser: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Fund Administrator: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[specify/Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Management Company: 
[specify/Not Applicable]

--- Page 383 ---
383 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(g) 
Fund Minimum Tradable 
Quantity: 
[specify/Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Initial Price: 
[specify/See definition in Condition 20.1] 
(i) 
Lookback Price 
(Condition 14.1): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Lookback Observation Period: [specify] 
(j) 
Barrier Price: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(k) 
Fund Share Performance: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(l) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/[“greater than”/”greater than or 
equal to”/”less than”/”less than or equal to”]] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
(i) 
Knock in Price: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Knock in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(iv) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(vi) 
Knock-in Valuation 
Time: 
[specify/see definition in Condition 20.4(a)] 
(m) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/[“greater than”/”greater than or 
equal to”/”less than”/”less than or equal to”]] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
(i) 
Knock-out Price: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(iv) 
Knock-out Period 
Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Knock-out Period 
Ending Date 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 384 ---
384 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
(vi) 
Knock-out 
Valuation Time: 
[specify/see definition in Condition 20.4(b)] 
(n) 
Strike Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(o) 
Averaging Dates: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(p) 
Observation Period(s): 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(q) 
Specific Number(s): 
[In relation to [Strike Date and/or] [Valuation Date [and/or 
Averaging 
Dates]: 
[specify/see 
definition 
in 
Condition 20.3(b)] 
(r) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify/see definition in Condition 20.1] 
(s) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
(i) 
Exchange Rate 
Determination Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(ii) 
Exchange Rate 
Business Day: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(t) 
Holding Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[insert relevant percentage or amount/see Condition 20] 
(u) 
Fluctuation Limit: 
[insert relevant percentage/see Condition 20.1] 
(v) 
Additional Disruption 
Events: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(for offers to consumers in Belgium, this must be not 
applicable) 
(if Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Change in Law 
applicable, insert: - Trade 
Date: 
[●]] 
Fund Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(w) 
Extraordinary Events: 
 
NAV Observation Period(s): 
[specify] 
AUM Trigger Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
[if Applicable, specify: 
AUM Trigger Percentage means [●]

--- Page 385 ---
385 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
AUM Observation Period means [●]] 
Volatility Trigger Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[if Applicable, specify: 
Volatility Trigger Percentage means [●] 
Volatility Trigger Period means [●]] 
Other Extraordinary 
Event(s): 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
37. 
Further provisions applicable to 
Basket Fund Warrants: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Funds: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Fund Shares: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Fund Advisers: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Fund Administrators: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Fund Service Providers: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Management Company: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Fund Minimum Tradable 
Quantity: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(h) 
Weightings: 
[specify/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Specified Number of Funds: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(j) 
Separate Valuation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(k) 
Initial Price: 
[specify] 
(l) 
Lookback Price 
(Condition 14.1): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Lookback Observation Period: [specify] 
(m) 
Barrier Price: 
[specify] 
(n) 
Basket Performance: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(o) 
Fund Share Performance: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(p) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/[“greater than”/”greater than or 
equal to”/”less than”/”less than or equal to”]] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
(i) 
Knock-in Price: 
[specify/As defined in Condition 21.4(a)] 
(ii) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify]

--- Page 386 ---
386 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(iii) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(iv) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(vi) 
Knock-in Valuation 
Time: 
[specify/see definition in Condition 21.4(a)] 
(vii) 
Knock-in Number of 
Fund Shares: 
[Not 
Applicable/specify/See 
definition 
in 
Condition 21.4(a)] 
(q) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/[“greater than”/”greater than or 
equal to”/”less than”/”less than or equal to”]] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
(i) 
Knock-out Price: 
[specify/As defined in Condition 21.4(b)] 
(ii) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(iv) 
Knock-out Period 
Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Knock-out Period 
Ending Date 
Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(vi) 
Knock-out 
Valuation Time: 
[specify/see definition in Condition 21.4(b)] 
(vii) 
Knock-out Number 
of Fund Shares: 
[Not 
Applicable/specify/See 
definition 
in 
Condition 21.4(b)] 
(r) 
Strike Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(s) 
Averaging Dates: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(t) 
Observation Period(s): 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(u) 
Specific Number(s): 
[In relation to [Strike Date and/or] [Valuation Date [and/or 
Averaging 
Dates]: 
specify/see 
definition 
in 
Condition 21.1(b)] 
(v) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify/see definition in Condition 21.1]

--- Page 387 ---
387 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(w) 
Cut-off Number: 
[Not Applicable/specify/see definition in Condition (i)] 
(x) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
(i) 
Exchange Rate 
Determination Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(ii) 
Exchange Rate 
Business Day: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(y) 
Holding Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[insert 
relevant 
percentage 
or 
amount/see 
Condition 21.7(a)] 
(z) 
Fluctuation Limit: 
[insert relevant percentage/see Condition 21.1] 
(aa) 
Additional Disruption 
Events: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(for offers to consumers in Belgium, this must be not 
applicable) 
(if Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Change in Law 
applicable, insert: - Trade 
Date: 
[●]] 
Fund Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(bb) 
Extraordinary Events: 
 
NAV Observation Period(s): 
[specify] 
AUM Trigger Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
[if Applicable, specify: 
AUM Trigger Percentage means [●] 
AUM Observation Period means [●]] 
Volatility Trigger Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[if Applicable, specify: 
Volatility Trigger Percentage means [●] 
Volatility Trigger Period means [●]] 
Other Extraordinary 
Event(s): 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
38. 
Further provisions applicable to Rate 
Warrants: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 388 ---
388 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(Rate Warrants are not suitably drafted for offers to 
consumers in Belgium. Please speak to counsel before 
contemplating any such offer.) 
(If more than one Underlying is applicable, specify the 
underlying for which the terms and values specified in (a) 
to (d) hereunder applies; otherwise, if no such language is 
included, the relevant term or value specified will apply to 
each relevant Underlying.) 
(a) 
Manner in which the 
Underlying is to be 
determined: 
[ISDA Determination/Screen Rate Determination] 
(b) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
(i) 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[specify] [Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Calculation Period: 
[specify] [Not Applicable] [in accordance with Condition 
22.1(a) (ISDA Determination)] 
(or, if Calculation Periods have to be specified in respect 
of settlement and/or in respect of Reference Dates defined 
in Annex, include the paragraphs below as required) 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each][the 
following] 
[Settlement 
Date(s)][Reference Date(s)]:] 
(insert reference to Settlement Date(s) or Reference 
Date(s) as relevant) 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Reset Date: 
[●] [in accordance with Condition 22.1(a) (ISDA 
Determination)] 
(or, if Reset Dates have to be specified in respect of 
settlement and/or in respect of Reference Dates defined in 
Annex, include the paragraphs below as required) 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each][the 
following] 
[Settlement 
Date(s)][Reference Date(s)]:] 
(insert reference to Settlement Date(s) or Reference 
Date(s) as relevant) 
[[●] / [insert number] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to ][the Settlement Date][the 
Reference Date] 
[or if such date is not a Business Day in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] the Business Day in [specify city] for

--- Page 389 ---
389 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
[specify currency] immediately [preceding/following] such 
date] 
(v) 
Fixing Day: 
[●] [Not Applicable] [in accordance with Condition 22.1(a) 
(ISDA Determination)] 
(or, if Fixing Days have to be specified in respect of 
settlement and/or in respect of Reference Dates defined in 
Annex, include the paragraphs below as required) 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each][the 
following] 
[Settlement 
Date(s)][Reference Date(s)]:] 
(insert reference to Settlement Date(s) or Reference 
Date(s) as relevant) 
[[●] / [insert number] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to ][the Settlement Date][the 
Reference Date] 
[or if such date is not a Business Day in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] the Business Day in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] immediately [preceding/following] such 
date] 
(vi) 
Daily Capped Rate: 
[specify] [Not Applicable] (Only applicable where the 
Floating Rate Option is an overnight rate) 
(vii) 
Daily Floored Rate: 
[specify] [Not Applicable] (Only applicable where the 
Floating Rate Option is an overnight rate) 
(viii) 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specity applicable number of days] (if no 
number is specified, the applicable number of days shall be 
five (5) days)][Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate) 
- 
OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
- 
Compounding with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default value 
will be five (5)) 
- 
Compounding with 
Observation Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default value 
will be five (5)) 
 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day: [●]]

--- Page 390 ---
390 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
- 
Compounding with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [●] 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default value 
will be five (5)) 
(x) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
- 
Overnight Average: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
- 
Averaging 
with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default value 
will be five (5)) 
- 
Averaging 
with 
Observation Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default value 
will be five (5)) 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day: [●]] 
 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
- 
Averaging 
with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [●] 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default value 
will be five (5)) 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
(i) 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Rate Determination 
Date: 
[●] 
(or, if Rate Determination Dates have to be specified in 
respect of settlement and/or in respect of Reference Dates 
defined in Annex, include the paragraphs below as 
required) 
[in 
respect 
of 
[each][the 
following] 
[Settlement 
Date(s)][Reference Date(s)]:] 
(insert reference to Settlement Date(s) or Reference 
Date(s) as relevant)

--- Page 391 ---
391 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
[[●] / [insert number] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to ][the Settlement Date][the 
Reference Date] 
[or if such date is not a Business Day in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] the Business Day in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] immediately [preceding/following] such 
date] 
(iii) 
Primary Source for 
Floating Rate: 
[Specify “Page” or “Reference Banks”] 
(iv) 
Page (if Primary 
Source is “Page”): 
[specify page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service] 
(v) 
Reference Banks (if 
Primary Source is 
“Reference Banks”): 
[Specify four] 
(vi) 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[The financial centre most closely connected to the 
Reference Rate(s)] 
(vii) 
Reference Rate(s): 
[Specify] 
(viii) 
Representative 
Amount: 
[Specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations are to be 
given in respect of a transaction of a specified notional 
amount] 
(ix) 
Effective Date: 
[Not Applicable (if Primary Source is “Page”)]/[[two 
Business Days in the Relevant Financial Centre after the 
Rate Determination Date] / [●] [Specify if quotations are 
not to be obtained with effect from commencement of 
Interest Accrual Period unadjusted] 
(x) 
Specified Duration: 
[Specify period for quotation] 
(d) 
Additional Disruption 
Events: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraph below) 
Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Change in Law 
applicable, insert: 
Trade Date:] 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
39. 
Further provisions applicable to 
Currency Warrants: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(if more than one underlying is applicable, specify the 
underlying for which the terms and values specified in (a) 
to (j) hereunder, applies; otherwise, if no such language is

--- Page 392 ---
392 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
included, the relevant term or value specified will apply to 
each relevant underlying.) 
(Currency Warrants are not suitable for offers to 
consumers in Belgium. Please speak to counsel before 
contemplating any such offer.) 
(a) 
Domestic Currency: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Foreign Currency: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Reference Exchange Rate: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Exchange Rate Source: 
[specify] 
(e) 
FX Determination Time: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Exchange Rate Business 
Day: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Reference Exchange Rate 
Jurisdiction: 
[specify] 
(h) 
Initial Price: 
[specify/Calculated pursuant to Condition 23.1] 
(i) 
Final Price: 
[specify/Calculated pursuant to Condition 23.1] 
(j) 
FX Determination Dates: 
[specify] 
(i) 
FX Strike Date: 
[specify/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
FX Strike Averaging 
Dates: 
[specify/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Final FX 
Determination Date: 
[specify/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Final FX Averaging 
Dates: 
[specify/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Other FX 
Determination 
Dates: 
[specify/Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/[“greater than”/”greater than or 
equal to”/”less than”/”less than or equal to”]] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
(i) 
Knock-in Price: 
[specify/As defined in Condition 23.2(a)] 
(ii) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Knock-in Valuation 
Time: 
[specify/see definition in Condition 23.2(a)] 
(v) 
Knock-in Number of 
Fund Shares: 
[Not 
Applicable/specify/see 
definition 
in 
Condition 23.2(a)]

--- Page 393 ---
393 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(l) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/[“greater than”/”greater than or 
equal to”/”less than”/”less than or equal to”]] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
(i) 
Knock-out Price: 
[specify/As defined in Condition 23.2(b)] 
(ii) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Knock-out Period 
Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Knock-out 
Valuation Time: 
[specify/see definition in Condition 23.2(b)] 
(v) 
Knock-out Number 
of Fund Shares: 
[Not 
Applicable/specify/see 
definition 
in 
Condition 23.2(b)] 
(m) 
Specific Adjustment 
Event(s) (Condition 23.6): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
[Exchange Rate Disruptions Applicable] 
 
[Non-Deliverability of Secondary Currency Applicable] 
 
[with 
 
[Settlement Currency:[●] 
 
[Underlying Currency: [●] 
 
[Settlement Currency Jurisdiction: [●] 
 
[Underlying Currency Jurisdiction: [●]] 
(n) 
Adjustment Events 
(General): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
[Price Source Disruption Applicable] 
 
[Substantial Rate Discrepancy Applicable] 
 
[if Substantial Rate Discrepancy Applicable include: 
Maximum Rate Discrepancy: [●]] 
 
[Disruption Fallback in case of Adjustment to be applied in 
the following order: 
 
FX Determination Date Delay: order [1/2/3] 
 
Application of the Fallback Rate: order [1/2/3] 
 
Determination by the Calculation Agent: order [1/2/3]] 
(o) 
Definitions:

--- Page 394 ---
394 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
[Maximum Specified 
Disrupted Days: 
[●]] 
[Comparison Rates: 
[●]] 
[Fallback Payment 
Currency: 
[●]] 
[Fallback Reference Rate: 
[●]] 
(p) 
Additional Disruption 
Events: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraph below) 
Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Change in Law 
applicable insert: Trade 
Date:] 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
40. 
Provisions applicable to Hybrid 
Warrants: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Underlyings: 
[specify] 
41. 
Early Settlement for Illegality 
(Condition 7.1): 
 
Hedging Arrangements: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(For offers to consumers in Belgium, this must not be 
applicable) 
42. 
Early Settlement for Taxation 
Reasons (Condition 7.2): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
43. 
Early Settlement at the Option of the 
Issuer (Condition 7.3): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(For offers to consumers in Belgium, ensure this complies 
with the Communication FSMA_2017_04 dated 30 
January 2017.) 
(a) 
Issuer Optional Early 
Settlement Date(s): 
[●] 
(b) 
Early Settlement Amount(s) 
and method, if any, of 
calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[Early Settlement Amount as per Condition 7.3] [specify 
other] 
(c) 
Issuer’s Option Period: 
[●] 
(d) 
If exercisable in part: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 395 ---
395 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(i) 
minimum number of 
[Warrants/Units] to 
be settled: 
[●] 
(ii) 
maximum number of 
[Warrants/Units] to 
be settled: 
[●] 
(e) 
Notice period (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions): 
[●] 
44. 
Early Settlement at the Option of the 
Warrantholder (Condition 7.4): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(For offers to consumers in Belgium of Open-ended 
warrants, this must be applicable.) 
(a) 
Holder Optional Early 
Settlement Date(s): 
[●] 
(b) 
Early Settlement Amount(s) 
and method, if any, of 
calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[Early Settlement Amount as per Condition 7.4] [specify 
other] 
(c) 
If exercisable in part: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(i) 
minimum number of 
[Warrants/Units] to 
be settled: 
[●] 
(ii) 
maximum number of 
[Warrants/Units] to 
be settled: 
[●] 
(d) 
Notice period (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions): 
[●] 
45. 
Early Settlement for Force Majeure 
and Significant Alteration Event 
(Condition 7.6): 
 
(a) 
Force Majeure Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(For offers to consumers in Belgium, this must be 
applicable) 
(b) 
Significant Alteration Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(For offers to consumers in Belgium, this must be 
applicable) (Not Applicable for Credit Linked Warrants) 
46. 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[specify] (Physical Delivery Warrants) [Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable for Credit Linked Warrants) 
47. 
Entitlement: 
(Physical Delivery Warrants) 
 
The Entitlement (as defined in Condition 3) in relation to 
each [Warrant/Unit] is [As per the Conditions/specify].

--- Page 396 ---
396 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
The Entitlement will be evidenced by [insert details of how 
the Entitlement will be evidenced] 
[Not Applicable] (Not Applicable for Credit Linked 
Warrants) 
48. 
Minimum Exercise Number: 
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] Warrants in excess 
thereof] 
49. 
Maximum Exercise Number: 
[●] (American Style Warrants) 
50. 
Minimum Trading Number: 
[One/specify] Warrant[s] 
51. 
Automatic Exercise: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(Applicable for Credit Linked Warrants) 
52. 
Settlement Disruption Event: 
[Significant Alteration Event or Force Majeure Event/As 
per Condition 4.3(b)] 
(For offers to consumers in Belgium, Significant Alteration 
Event or Force Majeure Event should be specified.) 
53. 
Unwind Costs: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(For offers to consumers in Belgium or in Italy, this must 
not be applicable.) (Not Applicable for Credit Linked 
Warrants) 
54. 
Essential Trigger (Condition 9.5): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(For offers to consumers in Belgium, this must be 
applicable.) 
55. 
Pro Rata Temporis Reimbursement 
(Condition 3): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(For offers to consumers in Belgium, this must be 
applicable) 
56. 
Additional U.S. Federal Income Tax 
Considerations: 
[[The Warrants are [not] Specified Warrants for the 
purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986. [Additional information regarding the 
application of Section 871(m) to the Warrants will be 
available at [give Calculation Agent contact details].]] / 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, the Issuer has not 
determined whether the Warrants are Specified Warrants 
for purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986; however, indicatively it considers 
that they will [not] be Specified Warrants for these 
purposes. This is indicative information only, subject to 
change, and if the Issuer’s final determination is different 
then it will give notice of such determination. [Please 
contact [give Calculation agent contact details] for further 
information regarding the application of Section 871(m) to 
the Warrants.]]] (The Warrants will not be Specified 
Warrants if they (i) are issued prior to 1 January 2025 and 
provide a return that differs significantly from the return 
on an investment in the underlying or (ii) do not reference 
any U.S. equity or any index that contains any component 
U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure 
to U.S. equities. If the Warrants are issued on or after

--- Page 397 ---
397 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
1 January 2025 and reference a U.S. equity or an index 
that contains a component U.S. equity or otherwise provide 
direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities, further analysis 
would be required.)][Due to the fact that the level of the 
Index will be determined by taking into account 
distributions on component securities net of any 
withholding tax that would have been imposed on such 
distributions, holders may receive reduced amounts as a 
result of the application of Section 871(m) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to such distributions, 
irrespective of whether the Warrants are Specified 
Warrants.] 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
Duly authorised]10 
 
10 
Signature block may be removed provided “Issuer final approval” wording is inserted at the beginning of these 
Final Terms.

--- Page 398 ---
398 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/other 
(specify)/None]] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Warrants to be 
admitted to trading on the [professional segment for 
qualified investors of the] Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
[Regulated Market/Euro MTF Market] with effect from 
[●].] [Not Applicable.] 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
[Regulated markets or third 
country markets, SME Growth 
Market or MTFs on which, to 
the knowledge of the Issuer, 
securities of the same class of 
the securities to be offered or 
admitted to trading are already 
admitted to trading:] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate 
other exchanges or markets on which original securities 
are already admitted to trading) 
2. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to [the Manager(s)] [and] the 
distributors[s] [in a maximum amount equal to [●]], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Warrants has an interest material to the offer. – Amend as appropriate if there are 
other interests] 
3. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(a) 
[Reasons for the offer: 
[●] 
 
(See “Use of Proceeds” below – if reasons for offer 
different from making profit and/or hedging certain risks 
will need to include those reasons here) 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding) 
(c) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[●] (Expenses are required to be broken down into each 
principal intended “use” and presented in order of 
priority of such “uses”) 
 
((a) above is required where the reasons for the offer are 
different from making profit and/or hedging certain risks 
and where this is the case disclosure of net proceeds and 
total expenses at (b) and (c) are also required)] 
4. 
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING 
Name of the Underlying: 
[●]

--- Page 399 ---
399 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
[Name of the issuer of the underlying 
security: 
[●]] 
[ISIN: 
[●]] 
[Description of the underlying interest 
rate: 
[●]] 
[Relevant 
weightings 
of 
each 
underlying in the basket: 
[●]] 
Adjustment rules with relation to events 
concerning the underlying: 
[●] 
Place where information relating to the 
[Index]/[Indices] can be obtained: 
[●] 
Indication where information about the 
past and the further performance of the 
underlying and its volatility can be 
obtained by electronic means [free of 
charge]: 
[●] 
Additional information for investors: 
[●] [The Issuer will not provide any post-issuance 
information, except as required by any applicable laws 
and regulations.] 
5. 
HONG KONG SFC CODE OF 
CONDUCT 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(Not Applicable for Non-Exempt Notes. If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
Rebates 
[A rebate of [●] bps is being offered by the Issuer to all 
private banks for orders they place (other than in relation 
to Notes subscribed by such private banks as principal 
whereby it is deploying its own balance sheet for onward 
selling to investors), payable upon closing of this 
offering based on the principal amount of the Notes 
distributed by such private banks to investors. Private 
banks are deemed to be placing an order on a principal 
basis unless they inform the CMIs otherwise. As a result, 
private banks placing an order on a principal basis 
(including those deemed as placing an order as principal) 
will not be entitled to, and will not be paid, the rebate.] / 
[Not Applicable] 
Contact email addresses of the Overall 
Coordinators where underlying investor 
information in relation to omnibus orders 
should be sent: 
[Include relevant contact email addresses of the Overall 
Coordinators where the underlying investor information 
should be sent – OCs to provide] / [Not Applicable] 
Marketing 
and 
Investor 
Targeting 
Strategy: 
[If different from the Base Prospectus]] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[●]

--- Page 400 ---
400 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(c) 
CFI Code:  
[Not Applicable][specify] 
(d) 
FISN Code:  
[Not Applicable][specify] 
(e) 
SEDOL: 
[Not Applicable][specify] 
(f) 
WKN: 
[Not Applicable][specify] 
(g) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable][give 
name(s), 
number(s) 
and 
address(es) when relevant clearing house is not 
Euroclear 
Bank 
S.A./N.V., 
Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A][Other Dematerialised Warrants] 
(h) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Issuing and Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[Finnish Warrants: Finnish Issuing and Paying Agent: 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (“SEB”), 
acting through its Helsinki Branch: 
 
SEB Helsinki Branch, Eteläesplanadi 18, FIN-00130 
Helsinki, Finland.] 
 
[Norwegian Warrants: Norwegian Issuing and Paying 
Agent: Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (“SEB”), 
acting through its Oslo Branch: 
 
SEB Oslo Branch, Filipstad Brygge 1, N-0252 Oslo, 
Norway.] 
 
[Swedish Warrants: Swedish Issuing and Paying Agent: 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (“SEB”): 
 
SEB, Råsta Strandväg 5, S-16979 Solna, Sweden.] 
 
[Swiss Warrants: Swiss Issuing and Paying Agent: BNP 
Paribas, Zurich branch, Selnaustrasse 16, 8002 Zurich, 
Switzerland] 
 
[Danish Warrants: Danish Issuing and Paying Agent: 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (“SEB”), 
acting through its Copenhagen Branch 
SEB Copenhagen Branch, Bernstorffsgade 50, DK-1577 
Copenhagen V, Denmark] 
 
[Other Dematerialised Warrants: specify relevant Issuing 
Agent in Belgium/Italy/Ireland/France/United Kingdom.] 
(i) 
Rating: 
[●]/[The Warrants are not rated.] (If ratings are provided, 
include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider: [●].) 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) 
Syndication: 
The Warrants will be distributed on a [non-]syndicated 
basis 
(b) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
and 
addresses of Managers and 
underwriting commitments:

--- Page 401 ---
401 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or on a “best efforts” 
basis if such entities are not the same as the Managers. 
Indication of the material features of the agreements, 
including the quotas. Where not all of the issue is 
underwritten, a statement of the portion not covered. 
Indication of the overall amount of the underwriting 
commission and of the placing commission.) 
(c) 
Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(d) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Manager: 
[Name and address] 
(e) 
Total 
commission 
and 
concession: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Public Offer: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (if Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining placeholders of paragraph 8 below) 
(g) 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Warrants clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Warrants may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified)] 
(h) 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Warrants clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Warrants may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified)] 
(i) 
[Singapore Sales to Institutional 
Investors 
and 
Accredited 
Investors only: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If there is no offer of the Warrants in Singapore, delete 
this paragraph) 
(If the Warrants are offered in Singapore to Institutional 
Investors and Accredited Investors (as defined under the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore) only, 
“Applicable” should be specified. If the Warrants are 
also offered in Singapore to investors other than 
Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors (as 
defined under the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of 
Singapore), “Not Applicable” should be specified.)]” 
8. 
[NOTIFICATION 
 
The CSSF [has been requested to provide/has provided] the [names of competent authorities of host 
States] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.] 
9. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER

--- Page 402 ---
402 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
(Delete whole section if sub-paragraph (f) of Item 6 above is specified to be Not Applicable because 
there is no Public Offer) 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price/Not Applicable/specify] 
Public Offer Jurisdictions: 
[Specify relevant State(s) where the Issuer intends to 
make 
Public 
Offers 
from 
the 
following: 
Luxembourg/France/Finland/Sweden/Denmark/Ireland/I
taly/Norway/Belgium] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: [Not Applicable/give details] 
Offer Period: 
[specify] 
Financial 
intermediaries 
granted 
specific consent to use the Base 
Prospectus in accordance with the 
Conditions in it: 
[Insert names and addresses of financial intermediaries 
receiving consent (specific consent)][Not Applicable (in 
the case of offers in Italy consider if consent is applicable. 
Italian distributors normally prefer not to use the retail 
cascade approach to consent for the use of the prospectus 
and, as a consequence, consent is generally Not 
Applicable)] 
General Consent: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
Other Authorised Offeror Terms: 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other Authorised Offeror 
Terms] 
 
(Authorised Offeror Terms should only be included here 
where General Consent is applicable.) 
 
(N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled so as to be able to make a Public 
Offer [where there is no exemption from the obligation 
under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus] 
in relevant jurisdictions. No such offer should be made in 
any relevant jurisdiction until those requirements have 
been met. Public Offers may only be made into 
jurisdictions in which the base prospectus (and any 
supplement) has been notified/passported) 
Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Details 
of 
the 
minimum 
and/or 
maximum amount of the application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
amounts paid in excess by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Warrants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 403 ---
403 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved 
for certain countries: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Process for notifying to applicants of the 
amount allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser11: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes 
place. 
[Not Applicable/specify name(s) and address(es)]. 
10. 
BENCHMARK PROVISIONS 
(i) 
Benchmark administrator: 
[Not Applicable] 
[●] 
[Amounts payable under the Warrants are calculated by 
reference to [insert name(s) of benchmark(s)], which 
[is/are] 
provided 
by 
[insert 
name(s) 
of 
the 
administrator(s) – if more than one specify in relation to 
each relevant benchmark.] 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name(s) of the 
administrator(s)] [is/are] [not] included in the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority.] 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert name(s) of 
benchmark(s)] [does/do] not fall within the scope of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the “EU 
Benchmarks Regulation”) by virtue of Article 2 of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation.]/[the transitional provisions 
of Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, 
the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) apply, such that 
[insert 
name(s) 
of 
the 
administrator(s)], 
as 
administrator[s] of [insert name(s) of third country 
benchmark(s)] [is/are] not currently required to apply for 
recognition/endorsement[, as specified in the table 
below].]] 
(Delete the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph if 
neither the Underlying nor any component part of the 
Underlying nor any component part of any applicable 
calculation formula is a Relevant Benchmark)  
(ii) 
Relevant Benchmark: 
[Applicable as selected below][] 
- Relevant Commodity Benchmark: 
[•][As per the definition in Condition [18]/[19] of the 
Conditions of Warrants][Not Applicable]] 
- Relevant Index Benchmark: 
[•][As per the definition in Condition [16]/[17] of the 
Conditions of Warrants][Not Applicable]] 
 
11 
[To the extent they are known, include those expenses contained in the price.]

--- Page 404 ---
404 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
- Relevant Currency Benchmark: 
[•][As per the definition in Condition 23 of the Conditions 
of Warrants][Not Applicable]] 
- Relevant Rate Benchmark: 
[•][As per the definition in Condition 22 of the Conditions 
of Warrants ][Not Applicable]] 
(iii) 
Specified Public Source: 
[•][As per the definition in Condition 3 of the Conditions 
of the Warrants]] 
(If “As per the definition in Condition 3 is selected, all the 
sources listed in the definition of “Specified Public 
Source“shall apply) 
11. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
[●] / [See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base 
Prospectus] 
*(If reasons for offer are different from those stated in 
“Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base Prospectus those 
reasons will need to be included here.)

--- Page 405 ---
405 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
ANNEX FOR BASKET CLWs 
(Insert the following table if the Warrants are Basket CLWs, and add as many rows as necessary) 
Reference 
Entity: 
Transaction 
Type: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Weight: 
Reference 
Obligation 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Reference 
Obligation Only 
Trade: 
Additional 
Obligation: 
Seniority Level: 
Long 
Position 
or 
Short 
Position: 
[●] 
[specify 
from 
options set 
out in item 
34(c) 
of 
Part A of 
the 
Final 
Terms] 
[specify] / [As 
defined 
in 
Condition 
24.7] 
[specify] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable
] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[specify] / 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Senior Level] / 
[Subordinated 
Level] / [For 
Basket 
CLWs 
where 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred 
Reference 
Obligations 
is 
Applicable 
specify: [Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
[Long Position / 
Short Position] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…]] 
[…]] 
[…] 
[…]] 
[…]

--- Page 406 ---
406 
 
 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
C2 - Inter nal Natixis 
ANNEX –ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
(Issuer to annex specific summary to the final terms)

--- Page 407 ---
407 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUERS 
1. 
Description of NATIXIS 
a) General description 
▪ 
Please refer to the relevant pages of (i) the NATIXIS 2023 Universal Registration Document and 
(ii) the NATIXIS 2023 URD First Amendment, which are incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, for a full description of NATIXIS (see “DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY 
REFERENCE” section of the Base Prospectus). 
▪ 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, NATIXIS reiterates the statement made in the sections 
“Conflict of Interest” on pages 52 and 68 of the NATIXIS 2023 Universal Registration Document, 
which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, and confirms that, to the knowledge 
of NATIXIS, there is no potential conflict of interest between the duties of the members of the 
Board of Directors towards NATIXIS and their private interests and/or other duties toward third 
parties. 
▪ 
On 5 December 2023, NATIXIS published the following press release:  
“December 5, 2023 
Groupe BPCE is positioned well above the prudential capital requirements applicable in 
2024 as laid down by the European Central Bank 
Groupe BPCE has received notification from the European Central Bank concerning the results 
of the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) conducted in 2023, stating the level 
of prudential capital requirements for 2024. 
The Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) requirement applicable to Groupe BPCE on a consolidated 
basis has been set at 10.47% as of January 2nd, 2024, including: 
• 1.58% with respect to the “Pillar 2 requirement” or P2R, 
• 2.5% with respect to the capital conservation buffer, 
• 1% with respect to the capital buffer for global systemically important banks (G-
SIBs), 
• 0.89% with respect to the countercyclical buffers12. 
The Total Capital requirement has been set at 14.49% including 2.1% P2R  
With ratios as of September 30th, 2023 of 15.4% for its CET1 ratio and 18.2% for its Total 
Capital ratio, Groupe BPCE is positioned well above the prudential capital requirements due to 
be applied as of January 2nd, 2024. 
The ECB also set Natixis' prudential capital requirements. Including 0.61% of countercyclical 
buffers on January 2nd, 2024, Natixis’ CET1 ratio requirement is set at 8.88% on the same date 
including Pillar 2 requirement of 2.25%, decreasing by 0.25% vs. 2023. With a fully loaded 
CET1 ratio of 11.2% as of June 30th, 2023, Natixis is well above these regulatory requirements.” 
b) Recent developments 
▪ 
On 6 November 2024, the Board of Directors of NATIXIS acknowledged a reduction of the NATIXIS’ share 
capital, not motivated by losses, by way of cancellation of 47,068 treasury shares. These treasury shares had 
become unusable after the delisting of NATIXIS’ shares on Euronext Paris and the termination of free share 
programs. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the NATIXIS’ share capital is set at 5,894,410,244.80 euros. 
 
12 Estimated amount after 50 bps increase for the CCyB in France scheduled as of January 2nd, 2024.

--- Page 408 ---
408 
 
 
▪ 
On 6 November 2024, NATIXIS announced that following Stéphanie Paix’s resignation as Chief Executive 
Officer of NATIXIS (which will become effective as of 31 December 2024), the board of directors of 
NATIXIS, chaired by Nicolas Namias, has appointed Mohamed Kallala and Philippe Setbon as Chief 
Executive Officer and Deputy Chief Executive Officer, respectively.  The appointments will become effective 
on 1 January 2025 (see section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” of the Base Prospectus).  
2. 
Description of Natixis Structured Issuance  
(a) 
General 
Natixis Structured Issuance was incorporated in Luxembourg as a public limited liability company 
(société anonyme) with unlimited duration on 29 November 2013 under the name Natixis Structured 
Issuance SA and is registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register under number B 182 
619. Natixis Structured Issuance operates under the laws of Luxembourg; its legal name is Natixis 
Structured Issuance SA and its commercial name is Natixis Structured Issuance.  
The articles of association of Natixis Structured Issuance were published in Mémorial C, Recueil des 
Sociétés et Associations number 205 on 23 January 2014. The coordinated articles of association of 
Natixis Structured Issuance as of 24 September 2018 were published on the Recueil Electronique des 
Sociétés et Association number RESA_2018_257.591 of 13 November 2018. 
The registered office of Natixis Structured Issuance is 51, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg 
and its telephone number is +352 26 44 91.  
Natixis Structured Issuance does not have its own website. 
The Legal Identity Identifier (LEI) of Natixis Structured Issuance is 549300YZ10WOWPBPDW20. 
(b) 
Principal activities and principal markets of Natixis Structured Issuance 
The principal activities of Natixis Structured Issuance are those which are set out in article 4 (Corporate 
objects) of its articles of association which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see 
“DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE” section of the Base Prospectus). 
The activities in which Natixis Structured Issuance has engaged are those incidental to its incorporation 
and registration as a public limited liability company, the authorisation of the issue of the Warrants 
under this Base Prospectus, the issue of French law bonds (obligations) pursuant to its programme 
d’émission d’Obligations which it acceded to as an issuer on 16 May 2014, as updated and 
supplemented from time to time (the “French Bonds Programme”), the issue of notes pursuant to its 
debt issuance programme established on 21 February 2014, as updated and supplemented from time to 
time (the “Debt Issuance Programme”), the issue of notes or certificates pursuant to its German 
structured products retail programme established on 12 January 2024, as updated and supplemented 
from time to time (the “German Structured Products Retail Programme”), and the issue of notes 
pursuant to its UK debt issuance programme established on 13 July 2021, as updated and supplemented 
from time to time (the “UK Debt Issuance Programme”), the matters referred to or contemplated in 
this Base Prospectus and the French Bonds Programme, the Debt Issuance Programme, the German 
Structured Products Retail Programme, the UK Debt Issuance Programme and the authorisation, 
execution, delivery and performance of the other documents referred to herein and therein to which it 
is a party and matters which are incidental or ancillary to the foregoing. 
Natixis Structured Issuance conducts its business activities mainly in Europe and Asia. In the context 
of its activity as an issuer, Natixis Structured Issuance competes with other debt and derivatives issuers. 
(c) 
Administration, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Directors of Natixis Structured Issuance are as follows: 
Director 
Principal outside activities 
Alessandro 
Linguanotto 
Manager Legal & Corporate Services, Intertrust (Luxembourg) S.à r.l.

--- Page 409 ---
409 
 
 
Sylvain Garriga 
General Secretary, Natixis Structured Issuance 
Nguyen Ngoc Quyen 
Head of Long-Term Treasury, Cash and Collateral Management, Group 
BPCE/NATIXIS 
Damien Chapon 
Chief Executive Officer of Natixis Corporate & Investment Banking 
Luxembourg 
Luigi Maulà 
Head of Accounting Capital Markets, Intertrust (Luxembourg) S.à r.l. 
 
The business address of Alessandro Linguanotto and Luigi Maulà is 28, Boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen, L-
2411 Luxembourg. 
The business address of Sylvain Garriga and Damien Chapon is 51, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
The business address of Nguyen Ngoc Quyen is 7, promenade Germaine Sablon, 75013 Paris. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no conflict of interest between their duties as directors 
of Natixis Structured Issuance and their principal and/or other outside activities. 
(d) 
Board Practices 
Audit Committee  
Natixis Structured Issuance does not have its own audit committee. 
Corporate Governance 
No corporate governance regime to which Natixis Structured Issuance would be subject to exists in 
Luxembourg as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
(e) 
Major Shareholders 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Natixis Structured Issuance is 100% owned by NATIXIS. Natixis 
Structured Issuance is dependent on its owner, NATIXIS. 
There are no arrangements, known to Natixis Structured Issuance, the operation of which may at a 
subsequent date result in a change in control of Natixis Structured Issuance. 
(f) 
Material Contracts 
Natixis Structured Issuance and NATIXIS entered into a master intra-group loan agreement (the “Loan 
Agreement”) dated 23 January 2014, pursuant to which loan transactions (“Loans”) may be entered 
into between Natixis Structured Issuance (as lender) and NATIXIS (as borrower) in connection with 
any issue of financial instruments of Natixis Structured Issuance. 
The Loan Agreement enables the net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of securities under the 
relevant programme to be lent to NATIXIS. NATIXIS agrees to make payments under the Loan 
Agreement free and clear of any withholding on account of tax unless such withholding is required by 
law. In such circumstances NATIXIS is required to gross-up such payments accordingly. If NATIXIS 
is required to increase any payments to the Issuer under the Loan Agreement to the extent necessary to 
ensure that Natixis Structured Issuance receives a sum, net of any deduction or withholding, equal to 
the sum which it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made or required to 
be made, such event shall constitute a tax event (a “Loan Tax Event”). Following the occurrence of a 
Loan Tax Event, NATIXIS may, at any time, give not less than twenty (20) Business Days’ notice to 
Natixis Structured Issuance of its intention to prepay the whole (and not part) of any Loans made under 
the Loan Agreement.

--- Page 410 ---
410 
 
 
(g) 
Financial Statements 
The financial year of Natixis Structured Issuance is the calendar year (save that the first financial year 
is from the date of incorporation to 31 December 2014). 
In accordance with Articles 461-1, 461-7 and 461-8 of the Companies Law 1915, Natixis Structured 
Issuance is obliged to publish its annual accounts on an annual basis following approval of the annual 
accounts by the annual general meeting of the shareholders.  
The audited annual accounts and unaudited interim accounts of Natixis Structured Issuance which are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (see the section "Documents Incorporated by 
Reference" of this Base Prospectus) have been prepared in accordance with the international accounting 
standards (IFRS). 
Natixis Structured Issuance has no subsidiaries and does not prepare any consolidated accounts. 
(h) 
NATIXIS Guarantee 
NATIXIS granted a guarantee (the “NATIXIS Guarantee”) in the form of a joint and several obligation 
(cautionnement solidaire) dated 23 January 2014, as amended from time to time, with effect from and 
including such date, for the benefit of the holders of certain Financial Instruments (as defined in the 
NATIXIS Guarantee) of Natixis Structured Issuance and which expression includes Warrants issued 
under the Programme. 
The NATIXIS Guarantee extends to those Financial Instruments issued by Natixis Structured Issuance, 
other than (i) any subordinated securities or debts issued or entered into by NATIXIS Structured 
Issuance subject to a subordination provision which is intended for or which results in the assimilation 
of such securities or debts to own funds as defined by applicable banking regulation and (ii) any 
financial instruments, provided that it is expressly specified in the legal documentation relating to such 
financial instruments that these do not benefit from the NATIXIS Guarantee. 
Notice of any claim under the NATIXIS Guarantee must be sent in writing signed by a duly authorised 
officer of the claimant after Natixis Structured Issuance has defaulted in its payment obligation under a 
relevant Financial Instrument. Such notice must include copies of the relevant supporting 
documentation (as further detailed in the NATIXIS Guarantee) and shall be effective as of the date of 
receipt, provided however, that if a notice is received on a day that is not a Business Day (as defined in 
the NATIXIS Guarantee) or is received on a Business Day after 3.00 p.m. (Paris time), such notice shall 
be deemed received by NATIXIS on the following Business Day. 
The NATIXIS Guarantee may be terminated at any time by NATIXIS. If so terminated, Natixis 
Structured Issuance must inform the relevant beneficiaries of the NATIXIS Guarantee by publishing a 
public announcement in at least one financial newspaper in each of Paris, London, Frankfurt, New York 
and Tokyo, at least two (2) months before the effective date of the intended termination. 
Notwithstanding termination of the NATIXIS Guarantee at any time, any relevant Financial Instrument 
(including any Warrants issued under the Programme) issued by Natixis Structured Issuance with the 
benefit of the NATIXIS Guarantee will continue to benefit from the NATIXIS Guarantee and the 
undertakings given by NATIXIS thereunder until all obligations under such issued Financial Instrument 
have been performed in full. 
(i) 
Trend Information 
The outlook for the global economy has improved compared to the consensus at the beginning of the 
year with most major economies close to their potential growth and a reduction in inflation which has 
been largely confirmed since the peaks of 2023. 
 
The US economy should once again grow above 2%, while China could approach 5%. Growth in the 
euro zone and the United Kingdom, below 1% in 2023, should pick up this year, to 1.4% for both zones. 
 
In the United States, consumers continued to support growth during the first quarter, but there is a 
growing divergence between the financial position of high-income households and that of low- to

--- Page 411 ---
411 
 
 
moderate-income households. In particular, credit conditions are weighing on low- and moderate-
income households, with increases in default rates on certain consumer loans, which could dampen 
demand for the rest of the year. In addition, business surveys such as the ISM services point to a 
slowdown in activity. Employment, which remains robust, should nevertheless grow at a slower pace 
than previously, contributing to the slowdown in the US economy. On the political side, the key event 
will be the US presidential election. Regardless of the candidate elected, none of the scenarios provides 
for a clear improvement in budget deficits. 
 
In China, growth is expected to be just under 5%. The real estate crisis should have an increasingly less 
marked impact on consumption and growth, as the worst seems to be over. To escape the economic 
slowdown, China must find another growth driver. Otherwise, the economy will have to embark on a 
structurally slower growth trajectory. 
 
In the euro zone, France performed well at the beginning of the year with a growth rate of 0.6% at the 
end of the first quarter. Mixed survey and industrial production data at the end of the second quarter, as 
well as the announcement of early legislative elections with an uncertain outcome, nevertheless lead to 
caution and to revise the growth forecast for France slightly downwards at 1.0% in 2024. The German 
economy should struggle to take off again this year (+0.1%), with the drivers of the euro zone being 
more in the south, with growth of 0.9% expected in Italy and 2.3% in Spain. 
 
In the United Kingdom, the decline in inflation also benefited consumers, which should continue in the 
second half of the year, albeit to a lesser extent.  
The cycle of Central bank rate cuts should continue for those that began in the first half of the year, 
although the persistence of inflation in services could slow the pace. Two additional rate cuts by the 
ECB are expected this year, in September and in December after the June one, one less than in previous 
forecasts.  
 
The Fed and the Bank of England should begin their rate-cutting cycle in the second half of the year. 
By the end of the year, two Fed rate cuts are expected, with a first cut in September and a second in 
December. The Bank of England is expected to make three rate cuts this year, which are expected over 
the next three meetings.

--- Page 412 ---
412 
 
 
OFFERING AND SALE 
No action has been or will be taken by the Issuers or any Manager that would permit a public offering of any 
Warrants or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation to any Warrants in any jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. No offers, sales, re-sales or deliveries of any Warrants, or distribution 
of any offering material relating to any Warrants, may be made in or from any jurisdiction except in 
circumstances which will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and which will not 
impose any obligation on the Issuers and/or any Manager. 
Notice to capital market intermediaries and prospective investors pursuant to paragraph 21 of the SFC 
Code - Important Notice to CMIs (including private banks) 
 
This notice to CMIs (including private banks) is a summary of certain obligations the SFC Code imposes on 
CMIs, which require the attention and cooperation of other CMIs (including private banks). Certain CMIs may 
also be acting as OCs for the relevant CMI Offering and are subject to additional requirements under the SFC 
Code. The application of these obligations will depend on the role(s) undertaken by the relevant Dealer(s) in 
respect of each CMI Offering. 
 
Prospective investors who are the directors, employees or major shareholders of the relevant Issuer, (if 
applicable) the Guarantor, a CMI or its group companies would be considered under the SFC Code as having 
an Association with the relevant Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor, the CMI or the relevant group company. 
CMIs should specifically disclose whether their investor clients have any Association when submitting orders 
for the relevant Warrants. In addition, private banks should take all reasonable steps to identify whether their 
investor clients may have any Associations with the relevant Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor or any CMI 
(including its group companies) and inform the relevant Dealers accordingly. 
 
CMIs are informed that, unless otherwise notified, the marketing and investor targeting strategy for the relevant 
CMI Offering includes institutional investors, sovereign wealth funds, pension funds, hedge funds, family 
offices and high net worth individuals, in each case, subject to the selling restrictions and any MiFID II product 
governance language or any UK MiFIR product governance language set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and/or in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
CMIs should ensure that orders placed are bona fide, are not inflated and do not constitute duplicated orders 
(i.e. two or more corresponding or identical orders placed via two or more CMIs). CMIs should enquire with 
their investor clients regarding any orders which appear unusual or irregular. CMIs should disclose the identities 
of all investors when submitting orders for the relevant Warrants (except for omnibus orders where underlying 
investor information may need to be provided to any OCs when submitting orders). Failure to provide 
underlying investor information for omnibus orders, where required to do so, may result in that order being 
rejected. CMIs should not place “X-orders” into the order book. 
 
CMIs should segregate and clearly identify their own proprietary orders (and those of their group companies, 
including private banks as the case may be) in the order book and book messages. 
 
CMIs (including private banks) should not offer any rebates to prospective investors or pass on any rebates 
provided by the relevant Issuer. In addition, CMIs (including private banks) should not enter into arrangements 
which may result in prospective investors paying different prices for the relevant Warrants. CMIs are informed 
that a private bank rebate may be payable as stated above and the applicable Final Terms, or otherwise notified 
to prospective investors. 
 
The SFC Code requires that a CMI disclose complete and accurate information in a timely manner on the status 
of the order book and other relevant information it receives to targeted investors for them to make an informed 
decision. In order to do this, those Dealers in control of the order book should consider disclosing order book 
updates to all CMIs. 
 
When placing an order for the relevant Warrants, private banks should disclose, at the same time, if such order 
is placed other than on a “principal” basis (whereby it is deploying its own balance sheet for onward selling to 
investors). Private banks who do not provide such disclosure are hereby deemed to be placing their order on 
such a “principal” basis. Otherwise, such order may be considered to be an omnibus order pursuant to the SFC

--- Page 413 ---
413 
 
 
Code. Private banks should be aware that placing an order on a “principal” basis may require the relevant 
affiliated Dealer(s) (if any) to categorise it as a proprietary order and apply the “proprietary orders” requirements 
of the SFC Code to such order and will result in that private bank not being entitled to, and not being paid, any 
rebate. 
In relation to omnibus orders, when submitting such orders, CMIs (including private banks) that are subject to 
the SFC Code should disclose underlying investor information, in respect of each order constituting the relevant 
omnibus order (failure to provide such information may result in that order being rejected). Underlying investor 
information in relation to omnibus orders should consist of: 
 
• 
The name of each underlying investor; 
 
• 
A unique identification number for each investor; 
 
• 
Whether an underlying investor has any “Associations” (as used in the SFC Code); 
 
• 
Whether any underlying investor order is a “Proprietary Order” (as used in the SFC Code); 
 
• 
Whether any underlying investor order is a duplicate order. 
 
Underlying investor information in relation to omnibus order should be sent to: please insert the Dealers named 
in the relevant Final Terms 
 
To the extent information being disclosed by CMIs and investors is personal and/or confidential in nature, CMIs 
(including private banks) agree and warrant: (A) to take appropriate steps to safeguard the transmission of such 
information to any OCs; and (B) that they have obtained the necessary consents from the underlying investors 
to disclose such information to any OCs. By submitting an order and providing such information to any OCs, 
each CMI (including private banks) further warrants that they and the underlying investors have understood and 
consented to the collection, disclosure, use and transfer of such information by any OCs and/or any other third 
parties as may be required by the SFC Code, including to the relevant Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor, 
relevant regulators and/or any other third parties as may be required by the SFC Code, for the purpose of 
complying with the SFC Code, during the bookbuilding process for the relevant CMI Offering. CMIs that 
receive such underlying investor information are reminded that such information should be used only for 
submitting orders in the relevant CMI Offering. The relevant Dealers may be asked to demonstrate compliance 
with their obligations under the SFC Code, and may request other CMIs (including private banks) to provide 
evidence showing compliance with the obligations above (in particular, that the necessary consents have been 
obtained). In such event, other CMIs (including private banks) are required to provide the relevant Dealers with 
such evidence within the timeline requested. 
 
By placing an order, prospective investors (including any underlying investors in relation to omnibus orders) 
are deemed to represent to the Dealers that it is not a Sanctions Restricted Person. A “Sanctions Restricted 
Person” means an individual or entity (a “Person”): (a) that is, or is directly or indirectly owned or controlled 
by a Person that is, described or designated in (i) the most current “Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked 
Persons” list (which as of the date hereof can be found at: http://www.treasury.gov/ofac/downloads/sdnlist.pdf) 
or (ii) the Foreign Sanctions Evaders List (which as of the date hereof can be found at: 
http://www.treasury.gov/ofac/downloads/fse/fselist.pdf) or (iii) the most current “Consolidated list of persons, 
groups and entities subject to EU financial sanctions” (which as of the date hereof can be found at: 
https://webgate.ec.europa.eu/fsd/fsf/public/files/pdfFullSanctionsList/content?token=dG9rZW4tMjAxNw); or 
(b) that is otherwise the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by any Sanctions Authority, other 
than solely by virtue of: (i) their inclusion in the most current "Sectoral Sanctions Identifications" list (which as 
of the date hereof can be found at: https://www.treasury.gov/ofac/downloads/ssi/ssilist.pdf) (the “SSI List”), 
(ii) their inclusion in Annexes 3, 4, 5 and 6 of Council Regulation No. 833/2014, as amended by Council 
Regulation No. 960/2014 (the “EU Annexes”), (iii) their inclusion in any other list maintained by a Sanctions 
Authority, with similar effect to the SSI List or the EU Annexes, (iv) them being the subject of restrictions 
imposed by the U.S. Department of Commerce's Bureau of Industry and Security (“BIS”) under which BIS has 
restricted exports, re-exports or transfers of certain controlled goods, technology or software to such individuals 
or entities; (v) them being an entity listed in the Annex to the new Executive Order of 3 June 2021 entitled

--- Page 414 ---
414 
 
 
“Addressing the Threat from Securities Investments that Finance Certain Companies of the People’s Republic 
of China” (known as the Non-SDN Chinese Military- Industrial Complex Companies List), which amends the 
Executive Order 13959 of 12 November 2020 entitled “Addressing the threat from Securities Investments that 
Finance Chinese Military Companies”; or (vi) them being subject to restrictions imposed on the operation of an 
online service, Internet application or other information or communication services in the United States directed 
at preventing a foreign government from accessing the data of U.S. persons; or (c) that is located, organized or 
a resident in a comprehensively sanctioned country or territory, including Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the 
Crimea region of Ukraine, the Donetsk’s People’s Republic or Luhansk People’s Republic. “Sanctions 
Authority” means: (a) the United States government; (b) the United Nations; (c) the European Union (or any of 
its member states); (d) the United Kingdom; (e) any other equivalent governmental or regulatory authority, 
institution or agency which administers economic, financial or trade sanctions; and (f) the respective 
governmental institutions and agencies of any of the foregoing including, without limitation, the Office of 
Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the United States Department of State, the 
United States Department of Commerce and His Majesty’s Treasury. 
 
United States 
None of the Warrants of any series nor the NATIXIS Guarantee have been, or will be, registered under the 
United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). None of the Warrants of any series 
nor the NATIXIS Guarantee, or interests therein, may at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded or delivered, 
directly or indirectly, in the United States of America (including the states and the District of Columbia), its 
territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction (the “United States”) or directly or indirectly 
offered, sold, resold, traded or delivered to, or for the account or benefit of, any person (“U.S. person”) who is 
(i) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; (ii) a corporation, partnership or other entity 
organised in or under the laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof or which has its principal 
place of business in the United States; (iii) any estate or trust which is subject to United States federal income 
taxation regardless of the source of its income; (iv) any trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise 
primary supervision over the administration of the trust and if one or more United States trustees have the 
authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust; (v) a pension plan for the employees, officers or 
principals of a corporation, partnership or other entity described in (ii) above; or (vi) any other “U.S. person” as 
such term may be defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act. Consequently, any offer, sale, re-sale, trade 
or delivery made, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. 
person will not be recognised. 
Each Manager will be required to agree that it will not at any time offer, sell, resell, trade or deliver, directly or 
indirectly, Warrants of such series in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person or 
to others for offer, sale, resale, trade or delivery, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, any such U.S. person. Any person purchasing Warrants of any series must agree with a 
Manager or the seller of such Warrants that (i) it will not at any time offer, sell, resell, trade or deliver, directly 
or indirectly, any Warrants of such series so purchased in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, any U.S. person or to others for offer, sale, resale, trade or delivery, directly or indirectly, in the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person, (ii) it is not purchasing any Warrants of such series for 
the account or benefit of any U.S. person and (iii) it will not make offers, sales, re-sales, trades or deliveries of 
any Warrants of such series (otherwise acquired), directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, any U.S. person. Each Manager of an issue of Warrants will also be required to agree, and 
any person purchasing Warrants of such series must agree, to send each person who purchases any Warrants of 
such series from it a written confirmation (which shall include the definitions of “United States” and “U.S. 
persons” set forth herein) stating that the Warrants have not been registered under the Securities Act, and stating 
that, such purchaser agrees that it will not at any time offer, sell, resell, trade or deliver Warrants, directly or 
indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person. Any person exercising a 
Warrant will be required to represent that it is not a U.S. person. See “Terms and Conditions of the Warrants”, 
Condition 5. 
EEA 
Prohibition of sale to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Manager has represented and agreed, and each further Manager appointed under the

--- Page 415 ---
415 
 
 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Warrants which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area (the “EEA”). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 on insurance distribution, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus 
Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Warrants to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Warrants. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each a “Relevant State”), each Manager has 
represented and agreed and each further Manager appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of Warrants which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that 
Relevant State, except that it may make an offer of such Warrants to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Warrants specify that an offer of those Warrants may be made other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a “Non-exempt Offer”), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Warrants which has been approved 
by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant 
State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that (i) the Issuer has given 
its written consent and (ii) any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms 
contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period 
beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor under the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Manager or Managers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Warrants referred to in (a) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or Manager to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Warrants to the public” in relation to any 
Warrants in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Warrants to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Warrants. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors

--- Page 416 ---
416 
 
 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants specify “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Manager has represented and agreed, and each further Manager appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Warrants which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); 
or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and  
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Warrants to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Warrants.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Manager has represented and agreed, and each further Manager appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Warrants 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Warrants to the 
public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Manager or Managers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Warrants referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Manager to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Warrants to the public” in relation to any 
Warrants means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Warrants to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Warrants and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Manager has represented and agreed, and each further Manager appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Warrants which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell Warrants other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of

--- Page 417 ---
417 
 
 
their businesses where the issue of the Warrants would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 
19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Warrants in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Warrants in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Ireland 
Each Manager and the relevant Issuer represent, warrant and agree, and each further Dealer appointed (if any) 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Warrants otherwise than in conformity with 
the provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as 
amended, the “MiFID II Regulations”), including, without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement for 
authorisation (and certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof, or any rule or any code of 
conduct made under the MiFID II Regulations, and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 
1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Warrants otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended, the “Companies Act”), the Central Bank Acts 
1942-2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 
1989 (as amended); 
(c) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland in respect of, the Warrants 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, the European Union 
(Prospectus) Regulations 2019 and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank of Ireland (the 
“Central Bank”) under Section 1363 of the Companies Act; 
(d) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of, the Warrants otherwise 
than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as amended), 
the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) and any rules and guidance issued 
by the Central Bank under Section 1370 of the Companies Act; and 
(e) 
no Warrants will be offered or sold with a maturity of less than twelve (12) months except in full 
compliance with Notice BSD C 01/02 issued by the Central Bank. 
Japan 
The Warrants of any series have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that it will not offer or sell any Warrants directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade 
Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or 
to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements 
of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial 
guidelines of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
Each Manager has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Warrants (except for Warrants which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”)) other than (i) to “professional investors” 
as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not 
result in the document being a “prospectus” within the meaning ofthe Companies (Winding Up and

--- Page 418 ---
418 
 
 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32 of the Laws of Hong Kong), or which do not constitute 
an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Warrants, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be 
accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of 
Hong Kong) other than with respect to Warrants which are, or are intended to be, disposed of only to 
persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors”, as defined in the SFO and any rules 
made under the SFO. 
Norway 
For Norwegian selling restrictions, please refer to “Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus 
Regulation” above. 
The Warrants shall be initially recorded with Euronext VPS in dematerialised form or in another central 
securities depository which is properly authorised or recognised in Norway as being entitled to register the 
Warrants pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 909/2014. However, this recording requirement does not apply if the 
Warrants are either (i) denominated in NOK, issued outside of Norway and reserved for and only sold and 
offered to non-Norwegian residents and entities, or (ii) denominated in a currency other than NOK and both 
issued and offered or sold outside of Norway. 
Singapore 
Other than in respect of Warrants for which “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors 
only” is specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, each Manager has acknowledged, and 
each further Manager appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base 
Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, 
each Manager has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Manager appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Warrants or caused the 
Warrants to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any 
Warrants or cause the Warrants to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Warrants, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time) (the 
“SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (b) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA and (where 
applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018. 
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited 
Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Manager has acknowledged, and each further Manager appointed 
under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a 
prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Manager has represented and agreed, 
and each further Manager appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered or sold any Warrants or caused the Warrants to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell any Warrants or cause the Warrants to be made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale or invitation for subscription 
or purchase of any Warrants, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA or any person pursuant 
to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or 
(c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provisions of the SFA. 
Notification under Section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) – 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Warrant, the Issuers have determined, and hereby 
notify all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Warrants to be issued under the

--- Page 419 ---
419 
 
 
Programme shall be “capital markets products” other than “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Specified Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Switzerland 
Each Manager has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Manager appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that:  
(a) 
Subject to paragraph (b) below: 
(i) 
the Warrants may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the 
meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act of 15 June 2018, as amended (the “FinSA”) and 
will not be admitted to trading on a trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland; 
(ii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to any Warrants (A) constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the 
FinSA or (B) has been or will be filed with or approved by a review body within the meaning 
of article 52 of the FinSA (any such review body, a “Swiss Review Body”); and 
(iii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor other offering or marketing material 
relating to any Warrants may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in 
Switzerland. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, 
(i) 
if and when this Base Prospectus (together with any supplements hereto) has been automatically 
recognised in accordance with article 54(2) of the FinSA by a Swiss Review Body as a base 
prospectus within the meaning of article 45 of the FinSA, and published in accordance with the 
FinSA, this Base Prospectus (as supplemented from time to time) may be used, subject to any 
other applicable requirements under the FinSA or the Swiss Financial Services Ordinance of 6 
November 2019, as amended (the “FinSO”), for any public offering of Warrants in Switzerland 
and/or application for the admission to trading of Warrants on the SIX Swiss Exchange or any 
other trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in respect of any Warrants to be issued, the Issuer and the relevant Managers may 
agree that (A) such Warrants may be publicly offered in Switzerland within the meaning of the 
FinSA and/or (B) an application will be made by (or on behalf of) the Issuer to admit such 
Warrants to trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other trading venue (exchange or 
multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland, provided that the Issuer and the relevant Managers 
agree to comply, and comply, with any applicable requirements of the FinSA in connection 
with such offering and/or application for admission to trading. 
(c) 
Under no circumstances may Warrants be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning 
of the FinSA in Switzerland, unless a key information document (Basisinformationsblatt) pursuant to 
article 58(1) of the FinSA (or any equivalent document under the FinSA) has been prepared in relation 
to such Warrants. 
(d) 
Warrants issued under the Programme will not constitute participations in a collective investment 
scheme within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes of 23 June 
2006, as amended (the “CISA”). Therefore, the Warrants are neither governed by the CISA nor subject 
to the approval of, or supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA 
(“FINMA”), and investors in the Warrants will not benefit from protection under the CISA or 
supervision by FINMA.

--- Page 420 ---
420 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Authorisation 
Each Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Luxembourg (for Natixis 
Structured Issuance) and in France (for NATIXIS) in connection with the issue of, and performance of its 
obligations under, the Warrants. The updating of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of Natixis Structured Issuance passed on 8 November 2024. The issue of warrants by NATIXIS was 
authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors (Conseil d’Administration) of NATIXIS passed on 6 
November 2024. 
2. 
Listing, admission to trading and regulatory approvals 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation by the CSSF in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and the 
Luxembourg Prospectus Law on 21 November 2024. An application will be made for the period of 12 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Warrants issued under the 
Programme to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Warrants of a particular series of Warrants may be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or the Euro MTF market 
(or, in each case, the professional segment for qualified investors thereof), or on such other or additional 
Regulated Market or other stock exchange(s) as agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
in relation to such series of Warrants. Warrants which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. The applicable Final Terms for each issue will state whether or not the relevant Warrants 
are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchange(s) and/or market(s). 
3. 
Documents available 
Copies of the following documents will, when published, be available for viewing on the website of the Issuers 
(https://cib.natixis.com/Home/pims/Prospectus#/prospectusPublic): 
(a) 
the articles of association of Natixis Structured Issuance; 
(b) 
the articles of association of NATIXIS; 
(c) 
the NATIXIS Guarantee; 
(d) 
all documents incorporated by reference herein; 
(e) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus and of supplements to this Base Prospectus; and 
(f) 
any Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Warrant which is neither admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required 
to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of 
such Warrant and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Warrant Agent or Issuing and 
Paying Agent (as the case may be) as to its holding of such Warrant and identity) to this Base Prospectus 
and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Copies of the documents mentioned in e) above, may, when published, also be available upon request of any 
potential investor (in hard-copy form) during normal business hours at the specified office of NATIXIS at 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon, 75013 Paris, France. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus (and the documents incorporated by reference herein), any 
supplements to this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms relating to Warrants that are admitted on the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com).

--- Page 421 ---
421 
 
 
4. 
Sources  
Certain information contained in this Base Prospectus and/or documents incorporated herein by reference have 
been extracted from sources specified in the sections where such information appears. The Issuers confirm that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as they are aware and are able to ascertain 
from information published by the above sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
information reproduced inaccurate or misleading. The Issuers have also identified the source(s) of such 
information. 
5. 
Clearing systems 
The Warrants have been accepted for clearance through Clearstream and Euroclear and/or the relevant Clearing 
Systems in Finland, Norway, Sweden and Switzerland. The appropriate common code, ISIN or other relevant 
Code for each issue of Warrants accepted by Clearstream and Euroclear and/or by the relevant Clearing Systems 
in Finland, Norway, Sweden and Switzerland will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Warrants of 
any series are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue J. F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg; the 
address of the relevant Clearing System in Finland, Euroclear Finland is Urho Kekkosen katu 5C, P.O. Box 
1110, FI-00101 Helsinki, Finland; the address of the Relevant Clearing System in Norway is Euronext VPS, 
Tollbugata 2, 0152 Oslo, Norway; the address of the Relevant Clearing System in Sweden is Euroclear Sweden 
AB, Klarabergsviadukten 63, Box 191, SE-101 23, Stockholm, Sweden; the address of the relevant Clearing 
System in Switzerland is SIX SIS AG, Baslerstrasse 100, 4600 Olten, Switzerland; and the address of the 
relevant Clearing System in Denmark is Euronext Securities Copenhagen (legal name: VP SECURITIES A/S), 
Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8, DK-1402, Copenhagen, Denmark. 
6. 
Significant or material adverse change 
• 
In relation to NATIXIS: 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance and position of NATIXIS and/or it 
and its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 30 June 2024.  
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the NATIXIS since 31 December 2023. 
• 
In relation to Natixis Structured Issuance: 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of Natixis 
Structured Issuance since 30 June 2024. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Natixis Structured Issuance since 31 
December 2023. 
7. 
Litigation 
Except as set out in the section 3.2.10.1 “Legal and arbitration proceedings” and 3.2.10.2 “Other proceedings” 
on pages 140 to 143 of the NATIXIS 2023 Universal Registration Document as updated on pages 57 to 59 of 
the NATIXIS 2023 URD First Amendment, incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, there are no 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings pending or threatened against NATIXIS or Natixis Structured 
Issuance during the twelve (12) months prior to the date hereof, which may have or have had in such period a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of NATIXIS or Natixis Structured Issuance. 
8. 
Statutory Auditors 
The information in relation to the statutory auditors of NATIXIS is incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus (see “DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE” section of the Base Prospectus). 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit and Forvis Mazars SA (formerly Mazars) have audited and rendered an 
unqualified audit report on the consolidated financial statements of NATIXIS for each of the years ended 31

--- Page 422 ---
422 
 
 
December 2022 and 31 December 2023. The consolidated half-year financial statements of NATIXIS for the 
six-month period ended 30 June 2024 have not been audited but were subject to a limited review, without 
qualification, by PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit and Forvis Mazars SA. 
Forvis Mazars (formerly Mazars Luxembourg), the statutory auditor of Natixis Structured Issuance, is registered 
as statutory auditor with the Luxembourg Institut des Réviseurs d’Entreprises. Forvis Mazars has audited and 
rendered an unqualified audit report on the financial statements of Natixis Structured Issuance for each of the 
years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023. The half-year financial statements of Natixis Structured 
Issuance for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 have not been audited but were subject to a limited 
review, without qualification, by Forvis Mazars. 
9. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Warrants to be issued under the Programme will be determined by each Issuer at the 
time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
10. Post-issuance information 
Neither Issuer intends to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any index, share, currency, 
commodity, fund or interest rate in relation to any issue of Warrants constituting Derivative Securities (as such 
term is used in Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended). 
11. Benchmarks 
Amounts payable under the Warrants may be calculated by reference to one or more “benchmarks” for the 
purposes of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. In this case, a statement will be included in the applicable Final 
Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the “benchmark” is included in ESMA’s register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Certain “benchmarks” may either (i) not fall 
within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation or (ii) transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation may apply to certain other “benchmarks” which 
would otherwise be in scope such that at the date of the applicable Final Terms the administrator of the 
“benchmark” is not required to be included in the register of administrators.

--- Page 423 ---
423 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUERS 
NATIXIS STRUCTURED ISSUANCE SA 
51, avenue JF Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
NATIXIS 
7, Promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
ARRANGER 
NATIXIS 
 7, Promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
CALCULATION AGENT 
NATIXIS 
 7, Promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
WARRANT AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, 
AND LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L – 2085 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

--- Page 424 ---
424 
 
 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENTS AND WARRANT AGENTS FOR DEMATERIALISED 
WARRANTS 
Finnish Issuing and Paying 
Agent 
Norwegian Issuing and 
Paying Agent 
Swedish Issuing and 
Paying Agent 
SEB Helsinki Branch 
Eteläesplanadi 18 
FIN-00130 Helsinki 
Finland 
SEB Oslo Branch 
Filipstad Brygge 1 
N-0252 Oslo 
Norway 
Skandinaviska Enskilda 
Banken AB (publ) 
Råsta Strandväg 5 
S-16979 Solna 
Sweden 
Danish Issuing and Paying Agent 
Swiss Issuing and Paying Agent 
SEB Copenhagen Branch  
Bernstorffsgade 50 DK-1577 
Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
BNP Paribas, Zurich branch 
Selnaustrasse 16 
8002 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
DEMATERIALISED CENTRAL SECURITIES DEPOSITORIES 
Finnish CSD 
Danish CSD 
Norwegian CSD 
Euroclear Finland 
Urho Kekkosen katu 5C 
P.O. Box 1110 
FI-00101 Helsinki 
Finland 
Euronext Securities Copenhagen 
Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8 
1402 Copenhagen 
Denmark 
Euronext VPS 
Tollbugata 2 
N-0152 Oslo 
Norway 
Swedish CSD 
Swiss CSD 
Euroclear Sweden 
Klarabergsviadukten 
Box 191, SE-101 23 
Stockholm 
Sweden 
SIX SIS AG 
Baslerstrasse 100 
4600 Olten 
Switzerland

--- Page 425 ---
425 
 
 
AUDITORS 
to Natixis Structured Issuance SA 
Forvis Mazars 
5, rue Guillaume Kroll 
L-1882 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
To NATIXIS 
PriceWaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63, Rue de Villiers, 
92208 Neuilly sur Seine 
France 
Forvis Mazars SA 
61 rue Henri Regnault 
Exaltis  
92075 Paris – La Défense Cedex 
France 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Arranger 
as to Luxembourg law 
To the Arranger 
as to French and English law 
White & Case S.à r.l. 
14 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
White & Case LLP 
19, Place Vendôme 
75001 Paris 
France 
White & Case LLP 
5 Old Broad Street 
EC2N 1DW London 
United Kingdom