--- Page 1 ---
WHOLESALE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
NATURGY FINANCE B.V. 
(Formerly Gas Natural Fenosa Finance B.V.; incorporated with limited liability in The Netherlands 
and having its statutory domicile in Amsterdam) 
and 
NATURGY CAPITAL MARKETS, S.A. 
(Formerly Gas Natural Capital Markets, S.A.; incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain) 
Guaranteed by 
NATURGY ENERGY GROUP, S.A. 
(Formerly Gas Natural SDG, S.A.; incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain) 
 
euro 12,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under this €12,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. 
and Naturgy Finance B.V. (each an “Issuer”, and together the “Issuers”) may from time to time issue notes in bearer 
form (the “Notes”) guaranteed by Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. (the “Guarantor” and, together with its consolidated 
subsidiaries, the “Group” or “Naturgy”). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time 
outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €12,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). The Issuers and 
the Guarantor may decide to increase the amount of the Programme.  
This document constitutes a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de 
Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) as competent authority for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed under Luxembourg and EU law pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval by the CSSF 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or the Guarantor that are the subject of this Base Prospectus 
nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes issued under the Programme. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. The CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial 
soundness of the transaction or the quality or solvency of the Issuers in line with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the 
Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses for securities (the “Luxembourg Act”). 
This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve months from its date (i.e., until 3 December 2022) in relation to Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). The 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. For the purposes of the Transparency 
Directive 2004/109/EC, Naturgy Finance B.V. and Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. have selected Luxembourg as their 
‘home member state’. The ‘home member state’ of the Guarantor for such purposes is Spain. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes issued within twelve months from the 
date hereof to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (which is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU). Application may also be made to list such Notes on such other or further competent 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuers and the Guarantor. Unlisted 
Notes may also be issued by Naturgy Finance B.V. but not by Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. According to the 
Luxembourg Act, the CSSF is not competent for; (i) approving prospectuses for the listing of money market instruments 
having a maturity at issue of less than twelve months and complying with the definition of securities; or (ii) the issue of 
unlisted notes.

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see 
“Risk Factors” below.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Guarantor has been assigned a long-term credit rating of BBB (stable outlook) 
by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and BBB (stable outlook) by Fitch Ratings España, S.A.U. (“Fitch 
Ratings”). Each of S&P and Fitch Ratings is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where 
a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such rating will not necessarily be 
the same as the rating assigned to Notes already issued. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will 
be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the 
CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. A list of rating agencies registered under the CRA 
Regulation can be found at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal by the assigning 
rating agency.  
Arranger 
Citigroup 
Dealers 
 
Barclays 
BBVA 
BNP PARIBAS 
CaixaBank 
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
HSBC 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
MUFG 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UniCredit 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 3 December 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
any applicable Final Terms (as defined below). The information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of the 
knowledge of each of the Issuers and the Guarantor, in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus contains no 
omission likely to affect the import of such information.  
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents that are deemed to be incorporated herein by 
reference in it (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). 
References herein to “Conditions” are to the Terms and Conditions of Notes Issued by Naturgy Finance B.V. or to the 
Terms and Conditions of Notes Issued by Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A., as the case may be. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accepts any responsibility for the contents of 
this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf 
in connection with the Issuers, the Guarantor, or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger and each Dealer 
accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above), 
which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information provided in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuers, 
the Guarantor or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes (i) is 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a recommendation or as 
constituting an invitation or offer by the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. 
Each investor contemplating purchasing Notes should make its own independent investigation of the affairs, and its own 
appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuers and/or the Guarantor. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes constitutes an offer by or on behalf of the Issuers 
and/or the Guarantor or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market and other factors that may affect the value of the 
Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be subject to suspension, change 
or withdrawal by the assigning rating agency at any time. 
The delivery of this Base Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained herein concerning the 
Issuers and/or the Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the 
same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuers and/or the 
Guarantor during the life of the Programme. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recent financial statements of 
the Issuers and the Guarantor when deciding whether or not to purchase any of the Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes come must inform themselves about, and observe, any 
such restrictions. The Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may 
be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the 
Arranger or the Dealers that would permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this document in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, 
and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. In 
particular, the Notes and the obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee have not been and will not be 
registered under the United States Securities Act 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and include Notes in bearer form that are subject 
to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”)) unless the 
Notes are registered under the Securities Act, or an exemption from such registration requirements is available. There are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the European 
Economic Area (including the Republic of Italy, Spain and The Netherlands), the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Japan 
and Singapore, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES, THE DEALER OR DEALERS (IF 
ANY) NAMED AS THE STABILISING MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
STABILISING MANAGER(S)) IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR 
EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A 
LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION 
MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE 
DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE 
RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST 
END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT 
TRANCHE OF NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT 
TRANCHE OF NOTES. SUCH STABILISING SHALL BE IN COMPLIANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE 
LAWS, REGULATIONS AND RULES. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference, inter alia, to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”) or the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European 
Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) is included in the European Securities and Markets Authority’s 
(“ESMA”) register of administrators under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “BMR”). As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the Bank of England is not included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the 
BMR. As far as the Issuers and the Guarantor are aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that the Bank of England, as administrator of SONIA, is not currently required to obtain 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence.  
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “U.S. dollars” and 
“U.S.$” are to the currency of the United States of America, references to “Yen” are to the currency of Japan, references 
to “Brazilian Real” and “BRL” are to the currency of Brazil, references to “Chilean peso” and “CLP” are to the 
currency of Chile, references to “Colombian peso” are to the currency of Colombia and references to “Sterling” are to 
the currency of the United Kingdom. References to “euro” and to “€” are to the currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended. Conversions into euro of amounts expressed in currencies other than euro in this Base Prospectus are provided 
for convenience only and, unless indicated otherwise, represent an estimate of such euro amounts based on publicly 
available conversion rates as at 30 June 2021. No representation is made that these amounts could have been, or could 
be, converted into euro at that rate or any other rate. 
NO ACTIVE TRADING MARKET 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is 
currently no active trading market (unless, in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with 
and form a single series with an outstanding Tranche of Notes). If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they 
may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar 
securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor. Although 
applications have been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, there is no assurance that such applications will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will 
be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or 
liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”) or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined

--- Page 5 ---
v 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the (“MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for 
any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules.  
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) 
OF SINGAPORE (THE SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or 
to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
Certain alternative performance measures (as defined in the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures) 
(“Alternative Performance Measures” or “APMs”) are included in this Base Prospectus (which reference includes any 
information incorporated by reference herein). Such APMs, which are not required by, and have not been prepared in 
accordance with, International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (“IFRS-EU”), have been 
extracted or derived from the accounting records of the Group. 
The Guarantor believes these measures will assist securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the 
understanding of the Group’s results of operations and financial position. These APMs should be viewed as 
complementary to, rather than a substitute for, the figures determined according to IFRS-EU. Such APMs have not been 
audited or reviewed, and are not recognised measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS-EU but are used 
by management to monitor the underlying performance of the business, operations and financial condition of the Group. 
These APMs may not be indicative of the Group’s historical results, nor are such measures meant to be predictive of its 
future results. The Guarantor has presented these APMs in this Base Prospectus because it considers them to be important 
supplemental measures of the Group’s performance or liquidity, because these and similar measures are seen to be used 
widely in the sector in which it operates as a means of evaluating a company’s operating performance and liquidity. 
However, not all companies calculate such APMs in the same manner or on a consistent basis. As a result, these measures 
may not be comparable to measures used by other companies under the same or similar names. and they should not be 
considered as a substitute for financial measures computed in accordance with IFRS-EU. 
Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on such APMs contained in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
For the definitions and reconciliations of such APMs, see “Alternative performance metrics” in Appendix I to the 
consolidated annual directors’ report of the Guarantor for the year ended 31 December 2020 and Appendix I of the interim 
consolidated directors’ report of the Guarantor for the six-month period ended 30 June 2021 (the “Interim Consolidated 
Directors’ Report 2021”) which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for information on APMs 
contained in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 7 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
vii 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................. 1 
RISK FACTORS ......................................................................................................................................... 8 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................ 25 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES ISSUED BY NATURGY FINANCE B.V. .......................... 30 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES ISSUED BY NATURGY CAPITAL MARKETS, S.A. ...... 63 
FORM OF THE NOTES ........................................................................................................................... 95 
FORM OF GUARANTEE ........................................................................................................................ 98 
USE OF PROCEEDS .............................................................................................................................. 104 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ..................................................................................................................... 105 
DESCRIPTION OF NATURGY FINANCE B.V. .................................................................................. 118 
DESCRIPTION OF NATURGY CAPITAL MARKETS, S.A. .............................................................. 120 
DESCRIPTION OF NATURGY ENERGY GROUP, S.A. .................................................................... 121 
TAXATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH THE NOTES..... 121 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................ 166 
CERTAIN TERMS ................................................................................................................................. 171 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................. 172

--- Page 8 ---
1
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this document and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms 
and Conditions of Notes Issued by Naturgy Finance B.V.” or “Terms and Conditions of Notes Issued by 
Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A.”, as applicable, below shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuers: 
Naturgy Finance B.V. and Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. 
 
LEI: 
Naturgy Finance B.V.: 2138005FTXOJUBQ5J563 
 
 
Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A.: 959800DJELPWX1LAT467 
 
 
Guarantor: 
Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. 
 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Arranger: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
 
Dealers:   
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
HSBC Continental Europe 
ING Bank N.V.  
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
J.P. Morgan AG 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank AG 
and any other dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuers 
either in respect of the Programme generally in or in relation to a 
particular Tranche (as defined below) of Notes only. 
 
Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
 
Amount: 
Up to euro 12,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding at any time. The Issuers and 
the Guarantor may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
 
Distribution: 
Subject to applicable selling restrictions, Notes may be distributed 
by way of private or public placement and in each case on a 
syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, such 
currencies as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the relevant Dealer including but not limited to 
euro, U.S. dollars, Yen and Sterling. 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time.

--- Page 9 ---
2
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the relevant Dealer and as indicated in the 
applicable final terms for such issue of Notes (the “Final Terms”), 
subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, where 
Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue 
proceeds are received by the relevant Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from 
an establishment maintained by the relevant Issuer in the United 
Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption value 
of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued 
only to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not 
constitute a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 by the relevant Issuer. 
 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a 
discount to, or premium over, par. The issue price and the nominal 
amount of the relevant tranche of Notes will be determined before 
filing of the relevant Final Terms of each Tranche on the basis of 
the prevailing market conditions. 
 
Form of Notes: 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be represented by a temporary 
global note (“Temporary Global Note”) which will: 
(i) 
if the global Notes are intended to be issued in new global 
note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, 
be delivered on or prior to the relevant Issue Date to a 
common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); or 
(ii) 
if the global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN 
form, be delivered on or prior to the relevant Issue Date to a 
common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Interests in each Temporary Global Note will be exchanged either 
for interests in a permanent global Note (“Permanent Global 
Note”) or definitive Notes (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) in either case not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date 
upon certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership as required by 
U.S. Treasury Regulations. 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, in whole but not

--- Page 10 ---
3
in part for definitive Notes in accordance with its terms. Any 
interest in a global Note will be transferable only in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and for any other agreed clearance 
system as appropriate. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant 
Dealer (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) and on 
redemption. 
 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined either: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest-rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions (as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
of the relevant Series); or 
(ii) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service; or 
(iii) on such other basis as may be agreed between the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer, 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Margin (if any) relating to such Floating Rate Notes will be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant 
Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate, or both (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms). 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as selected prior to the issue by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the relevant Dealer(s), will be payable on the first day of the 
next Interest Period or, in the case of the final Interest Payment 
Date, on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and will be calculated in accordance with the relevant Day Count 
Fraction or as otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest Periods for 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Such period(s) as the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
relevant Dealer may agree (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms). 
 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest other than in the case of 
late payment.  
 
Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each 
Note will be redeemed by the relevant Issuer, failing which the 
Guarantor at its Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date 
(in the case of a Note other than a Floating Rate Note) or on the

--- Page 11 ---
4
Specified Interest Payment Date falling in the Redemption Month 
(in the case of a Floating Rate Note). Such Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of any Note shall be its principal amount or 
such higher amount as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
The Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes will indicate 
either that such Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than in specified instalments (see below) or for 
taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such 
Notes will be redeemable prior to their stated maturity at the option 
of the relevant Issuer and/or the Noteholders. 
The Final Terms may provide that such Notes may be redeemable 
in two or more instalments of such amounts and on such dates as 
are indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes which have a maturity of less than one year may be subject 
to restrictions on their denomination and distribution. See 
“Maturities” above. 
Denominations of Notes: 
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that: (i) the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required, from time to time, by the relevant regulatory authority 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency; and (ii) the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area in circumstances that require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will 
be euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the 
date of issue of the Notes).  
So long as the Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note 
or Permanent Global Note and the relevant clearing system(s) so 
permit, the Notes will be tradeable only (a) if the Specified 
Denomination stated in the relevant Final Terms is “euro 100,000 
(or its equivalent in another currency)”, in the authorised 
denomination of euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency) and integral multiples of euro 100,000 (or its equivalent 
in another currency) thereafter, or (b) if the Specified 
Denomination stated in the relevant Final Terms is “euro 100,000 
(or its equivalent in another currency) and integral multiples of 
euro 1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) in excess 
thereof”, in the minimum authorised denomination of euro 
100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and higher integral 
multiples of euro 1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency), 
notwithstanding that no definitive Notes will be issued with a 
denomination above euro 199,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency).

--- Page 12 ---
5
Taxation on Notes issued 
by Naturgy Finance B.V.: 
Subject to certain exceptions, all payments in respect of Notes 
issued by Naturgy Finance B.V. will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes. See Condition 10 
(Taxation), “Taxation and Disclosure of Information in 
Connection with the Notes—Taxation in The Netherlands—Issues 
by Naturgy Finance B.V.” and “Taxation and Disclosure of 
Information in Connection with the Notes—Taxation in Spain—
Payments under the Guarantee”.  
 
Taxation on Notes issued 
by Naturgy Capital 
Markets, S.A.: 
All payments in respect of the Notes issued by Naturgy Capital 
Markets, S.A. will be made without deduction for, or on account 
of, withholding taxes imposed by Spain unless such taxes are 
required by law to be withheld. In the event that any such 
deduction is made, Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor, will, save in certain circumstances 
provided in Condition 10 (Taxation), be required to pay additional 
amounts to cover any amounts so deducted. 
Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. considers that, according to Royal 
Decree 1065/2007 (as amended), it is not obliged to withhold taxes 
in Spain in relation to interest paid on the Notes to any investor 
(whether tax resident in Spain or not) provided that the information 
procedures described in section “Taxation and Disclosure of 
Information in Connection with the Notes”, which do not require 
identification of the Noteholders, are fulfilled.  
In the event that the current applicable procedures were modified, 
amended or supplemented by, amongst other things, Spanish law, 
regulation, interpretation or ruling of the Spanish Tax Authorities, 
Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. will inform the Noteholders of such 
information procedures and of their implications, as Naturgy 
Capital Markets, S.A. may be required to apply withholding tax on 
interest payments under the Notes if the Noteholders would not 
comply with such information procedures. 
For further information regarding the interpretation of Royal 
Decree 1065/2007 (as amended), please refer to “Risk Factors—
Risks in Relation to Taxation—Risks related to Spanish 
Withholding Tax” and “Risk Factors—Risks in Relation to 
Taxation—Risks relating to the procedures for the collection of 
Noteholders’ details”.  
 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the Negative Pledge referred to below) unsecured 
obligations of each Issuer and will rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and (subject to any applicable 
statutory exceptions) at least pari passu with all other present and 
future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the relevant 
Issuer. 
 
Status of the Guarantee: 
The Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
the Guarantor pursuant to a deed of guarantee (the “Deed of 
Guarantee”).

--- Page 13 ---
6
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee will 
constitute direct, unconditional unsubordinated and (subject to 
Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the 
Guarantor and (subject to any applicable statutory exceptions) will 
rank at least pari passu with all other present and future 
outstanding, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Guarantor. 
Cross-Default: 
The Notes will contain a cross-default in respect of Relevant 
Indebtedness (as defined in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) of the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor and certain of their subsidiaries. 
 
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge in respect of 
Relevant Indebtedness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and 
certain of their subsidiaries. The negative pledge is subject to 
permitted security interests which include, but are not limited to, 
certain security interests created in respect of the project finance 
activities of the Group. For the details of the negative pledge 
provision, please refer to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge). 
 
Rating: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where 
a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Such rating will not necessarily be the same 
as the rating assigned to Notes already issued. Whether or not a 
rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having 
been issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered under the CRA Regulation on credit rating 
agencies will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and 
may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be 
listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. As specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, a Series of Notes may be unlisted. 
Unlisted Notes may only be issued by Naturgy Finance B.V. but 
not by Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. 
The Final Terms relating to each issue will state whether or not 
and, if so, on which stock exchange(s) the Notes are to be listed. 
 
Governing Law: 
Save as otherwise set out in the paragraph below, the conditions of 
the Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
English law. 
In relation to Notes issued by Naturgy Finance B.V., Condition 3 
(Status of the Deed of Guarantee) will be governed by Spanish 
law. 
In relation to Notes issued by Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A., 
Condition 2 (Status of the Notes) and Condition 3 (Status of the

--- Page 14 ---
7
Deed of Guarantee) will be governed by Spanish law. In addition, 
the Notes will be issued in accordance with the formalities 
prescribed by Spanish law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are local and worldwide selling restrictions in relation to the 
laws of the United States, the European Economic Area (including 
the Republic of Italy, Spain and The Netherlands), the United 
Kingdom, Switzerland, Japan and Singapore and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and 
sale of a particular Tranche of Notes. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
 
 
The Notes are Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. 
 
 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the 
Code) (“TEFRA D”) unless the Notes are issued other than in 
compliance with TEFRA D but in circumstances in which the 
Notes will not constitute “registration—required obligations” 
under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act 
of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be referred to in 
the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
 
Redenomination: 
Certain Notes may be redenominated in euro. See Condition 7 
(Payments).

--- Page 15 ---
8
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information set forth in this Base Prospectus, the 
applicable Final Terms and any documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, as well as 
their own personal circumstances, before deciding to invest in any Notes. Prospective investors should 
have particular regard to, among other matters, the considerations set out in this section of this Base 
Prospectus.  
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor believes that each of the following factors may affect its ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which 
may or may not occur and none of the Issuers or the Guarantor is in a position to express a view on the 
likelihood of any such contingency occurring. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Those risk factors that each of the Issuers and the Guarantor believe are the most material as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus have been presented first in each category. The order of presentation of the 
categories themselves or the remaining risk factors in each category is not intended to be an indication of 
the probability of their occurrence or of their potential effect on the Issuers’ or the Guarantor’s ability to 
fulfil their obligations under the Notes. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor believes that the factors described below represent the principal 
risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme as at the date of this Base Prospectus, but 
the inability of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by 
the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor based on information currently available to them or which they may 
not currently be able to anticipate. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including the descriptions of the Issuers and the Guarantor, as well as 
the documents incorporated by reference, and reach their own views prior to making any investment 
decisions. 
Before making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, prospective investors should consult their 
own stockbroker, bank manager, lawyer, accountant or other financial, legal and tax advisers and carefully 
review the risks entailed by an investment in the Notes and consider such an investment decision in the light 
of the prospective investor’s personal circumstances. 
(I) 
RISK FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUERS’ AND THE GUARANTOR’S ABILITY 
TO FULFIL THEIR OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES 
The risk factors set out below are applicable to the Issuers as members of the Group, and the Guarantor. 
1. 
LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS  
Risks relating to the Group’s regulatory environment 
The Group operates in a highly regulated environment that impacts both regulated and liberalised activities 
and, as a result, the Guarantor and its subsidiaries are required to comply with a wide variety of legal rules 
and regulations applying to the natural gas and electricity sectors. In particular, gas and electricity 
distribution are regulated businesses in most of the countries in which the Group carries out these activities. 
In addition, the Group is subject to laws and regulations concerning prices, environmental requirements 
and other aspects of its activities in each of the countries in which it operates. An overview of such laws 
and regulations is available at Note 2 of Appendix IV of the Guarantor’s consolidated annual accounts for 
the year ended 31 December 2020, which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, together 
with some further descriptions of recent regulatory developments set out in “Description of Naturgy Energy 
Group, S.A.—Legislation in Spain”. 
Although such overview contains all the information that the Group considers material as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and in the context of the issue of the Notes, it does not constitute an exhaustive description 
of all applicable laws and regulations affecting the Group. 
Prospective investors and their advisers should make their own analysis of the legislation and regulations 
applicable to the Group and of the impact they may have on the Group and any investment in the Notes and 
should not rely on such overview only.

--- Page 16 ---
9
The laws and regulations governing the natural gas and electricity sectors in the countries where the Group 
operates are typically subject to periodic review by the regulatory authorities. Following such reviews, or 
as a result of the approval of new laws and regulations, the regulatory frameworks prevailing in those 
jurisdictions, along with the interpretation of the applicable rules, may be modified, and such modifications 
may be significant in certain instances. Additionally, the regulatory authorities periodically update the 
tariffs and remunerations of the regulated activities, which may result in adverse variations in the income 
or remuneration of the Group. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, such tariff reviews are ongoing in 
Chile, Mexico and Brazil for gas distribution activities, and tariff reviews are foreseen in Panama and 
Argentina for 2022. 
In particular, during the year 2020 the Spanish National Commission on Markets and Competition 
(Comisión Nacional de los Mercados y la Competencia) (the “CNMC”) continued the work started in 2019 
of setting new framework methodologies for the calculation of the remuneration of the electricity and gas 
transmission and distribution activities as well as the annual remuneration of those activities for the period 
2020 to 2025 for electricity and 2021 to 2026 for gas.  
Regarding electricity distribution, the CNMC proposed already in 2019 to maintain the remuneration 
methodology for the next regulatory period with a moderate remuneration decrease to be applied 
progressively over the six-year period. During 2020, the CNMC approved the methodology for the 
calculation of the tolls payable for the use of the electricity transmission and distribution networks. These 
tolls have applied since 1 June 2021. 
Regarding gas distribution, the CNMC approved the remuneration methodology maintaining the activity-
based remuneration from the previous period, with a remuneration reduction estimated at 16.8% (compared 
to 2020) as sector average for the last year of the six-year period to be applied progressively (with an 
average reduction for the six-year period estimated at 9.6%), always assuming demand is unchanged. 
As was the case for the electricity sector, the CNMC also approved in 2020 the methodology for the 
calculation of the tolls to be paid for the use of the gas transportation, regasification and distribution 
networks. Regasification tolls have applied since 1 October 2020, and transportation and distribution tolls 
have applied since 1 October 2021. 
Detailed information on the remuneration for electricity and gas transmission and distribution activities can 
be found on the CNMC website (www.cnmc.es). 
In December 2020, the Spanish Ministry for Ecological Transition and Demographic Challenge 
(“MITERD”) proposed a new draft law to create a National Fund for the Sustainability of the Electricity 
System (the “National Fund”) to share the specific remuneration regulated scheme of existing renewables, 
high efficiency cogeneration and waste installations, which until now was included in the electricity bill, 
between the electricity, natural gas and oil sectors. This proposal is currently before the Spanish parliament 
and is expected to be approved by the end of 2021. The National Fund affects the competitiveness of energy 
products by transferring costs that electricity consumers currently bear to consumers of gas and petroleum 
products and, therefore, may affect the future evolution of the Group’s businesses. 
In June 2021, the MITERD proposed a new draft law to act on the remuneration of CO2 not emitted in the 
electricity market, with the aim of reducing the extra remuneration received by non-emitting infra-marginal 
power generation plants (mainly nuclear and hydropower stations commissioned before the entry into force 
of the market for emission rights in 2005), due to the pricing mechanism in the Spanish electricity system 
that follows a marginalist scheme: the price is set by the last technology to enter the system to cover 
electricity demand and the price has risen considerably due to, among other reasons, the increase in CO2 
emissions rights. The proposal is currently before the Spanish parliament and is expected to be approved 
by the end of 2021 and would impact the hydroelectric and nuclear generation businesses of the Group.  
On 14 September 2021, the Spanish government approved Royal Decree-law 17/2021 (Real Decreto-ley 
17/2021) establishing new temporary measures to mitigate the impact on consumers of high electricity 
market prices. These measures affect various areas in which the Group operates, such as generation or gas 
and electricity commercialisation. These measures include the establishment of a temporary reduction of 
the extra remuneration received by non-emitting infra-marginal power generation plants for the price of gas 
internalised in the wholesale electricity market, the establishment of long-term auctions for the allocation 
of manageable and non-emitting infra-marginal energy produced by the four Spanish “dominant operators” 
(one of which is the Group) or a limitation on the increase of the regulated gas tariff during one semester, 
recovering the amounts owed in the following reviews. Fiscal measures are also included in this package, 
reducing taxation in electricity bills until the end of 2021. The Group believes that these measures and

--- Page 17 ---
10 
proposals will have a material adverse impact on the Group’s generation activities in Spain, although it has 
been announced that the practical application of certain measures would be modified and, in any case, as 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, its combined impact cannot be quantified. 
On 26 October 2021, the Spanish government approved Royal Decree-law 23/2021(Real Decreto-ley 
23/2021) which details some of the measures contained in Royal Decree-law 17/2021 with the effect of 
excluding from the reduction of extra remuneration the energy volumes that are sold to end consumers at a 
fixed price under supply contracts signed before 14 September 2021, or if signed thereafter, which have a 
minimum duration of 12 months. While this clarification reduces the impact of this measure on the Group 
since substantially all its infra-marginal power production is sold under this type of supply, it cannot be 
ruled out that such measures will continue to be modified or complemented or that new measures are 
established. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are press reports that the Spanish government is 
still considering additional measures that could mainly impact Group’s renewables power production, but 
no official announcement has been made. 
The Group is unable to predict future changes to any of the laws or regulations applicable to its businesses 
or their interpretation. The introduction of any such changes or new regulatory requirements may adversely 
impact the remuneration received by the Group for its regulated activities, as well its operating, capital and 
raw material costs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks relating to concessions, licences and other administrative authorisations 
Given the highly regulated nature of some of the gas and electricity sectors in which the Group operates, 
some of its activities are subject to obtaining relevant concessions, licences or other administrative 
authorisations, which can be time-consuming and costly. Operating without the necessary concessions, 
licences or authorisations can result in a sanction. 
The return on, and performance of, the Group’s investments in regulated jurisdictions are therefore 
conditional on obtaining and maintaining the relevant administrative concessions and authorisations in the 
medium and long term, which, in many cases, is outside of the Group’s control. Any new political, social 
or economic conditions in these jurisdictions could affect the validity of the Group’s concessions, licences 
or other administrative authorisations, as well as have unforeseeable consequences for the Group’s business 
plan and materially adversely affect the revenue from the Group’s regulated activities and return on 
investment in such jurisdictions.  
In addition, it should be noted that many of the Group’s concessions are subject to the satisfaction of certain 
commitments which, if not met, can lead to sanctions, reductions in revenue, revocation of the concessions 
and enforcement of any guarantees or surety bonds, which could materially and adversely impact the return 
on the Group’s investments and, as a result, have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks relating to environmental laws and regulations  
The Group is subject to extensive environmental protection laws and regulations that require the preparation 
of environmental impact studies, the maintenance of relevant authorisations, licences and permits and the 
fulfilment of certain other requirements. Any such environmental authorisations and licences may not be 
granted or may be revoked as a result of a breach of the conditions imposed by such authorisations or 
otherwise.  
In addition, the Group is subject to changes in the legal and regulatory framework related to environmental 
and climate change concerns in the countries in which it operates. Given the continued and increased 
attention to climate change and the global drive towards low-carbon economies and energy sources, the 
Group’s business could be impacted by the implementation of new legal and regulatory measures (including 
taxes) aimed at mitigating the effects of climate change, resulting in increased compliance costs and 
operational restrictions for the Group. In addition, there can be no assurance that the Group will be able to 
adapt its business model and strategy successfully to any such changes to the legal and regulatory 
framework applicable to it. 
Any of the above could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial 
condition and results of operations.

--- Page 18 ---
11 
Risks relating to litigation and arbitration  
The sectors in which the Group operates have grown more litigious in recent years, as a result of the 
volatility of fuel and natural gas prices and greater competition in the liberalised market, among other 
factors. The Guarantor and certain of its subsidiaries are currently involved in a number of judicial, 
arbitration and regulatory proceedings and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, it is foreseeable that those 
will substantially increase in the coming months due to the high volatility of energy commodities and its 
price differentials. While the Group will try to settle proceedings by reaching agreements (as it has achieved 
in the past), if litigation proceedings are commenced and continued, their retroactive effects could reach 
relevant economic amounts once the awards are issued several years after their initiation. Given the nature 
of the Group’s business and the sectors in which it operates, the amounts involved in such proceedings can 
be significant. See “Description of Naturgy Energy Group, S.A.—Litigation and Arbitration” for a 
description of the Group’s main judicial, arbitration and regulatory proceedings as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  
An adverse outcome in one or more of those proceedings (including out-of-court settlements), or any future 
proceedings, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
2. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE GROUP’S BUSINESS ACTIVITIES AND INDUSTRIES 
The Group is exposed to price variations in crude oil, natural gas and electricity 
A significant portion of the Group’s operating expenses relate to the purchase of natural gas and liquefied 
natural gas (“LNG”) for commercialisation in the regulated and deregulated markets in which it operates 
and for fuelling its combined cycle gas turbine (“CCGT”) plants for electricity generation. Although the 
prices that the Group charges its gas customers generally reflect the market price of natural gas, in changing 
market conditions the adjustments it makes to its sale prices may not fully reflect the changes in the cost of 
natural gas supplies. In addition to increasing costs in the Group’s natural gas business, higher gas prices 
can also inflate its electricity generation costs, as natural gas is used to fuel its CCGT plants. Lower short-
term gas prices may also harm the competitiveness of the Group’s gas procurement portfolio for supplying 
its customers and limit the competitiveness of its CCGT power production since lower spot gas prices can 
imply lower procurement costs for competing gas suppliers and also lower power wholesale prices, putting 
pressure on companies with long-term purchase commitments. 
The prices for such commodities have historically fluctuated and the Group cannot be certain that prices 
will remain within projected levels. Despite the fact that the annual average price of a barrel of Brent crude 
oil was stable in preceding years, at U.S.$111.3 in 2011, U.S.$111.6 in 2012, U.S.$108.7 in 2013 and 
U.S.$99.1 in 2014, prices are now highly volatile, amounting to an average of U.S.$52.5 in 2015, U.S.$43.7 
in 2016, U.S.$54.3 in 2017, U.S.$67.7 in 2018, U.S.$64.2 in 2019, and U.S.$41.69 in 2020 (source: Platts 
Brent Dated). The average price of a barrel of Brent crude oil amounted to U.S.$67.73 in the period from 
January through September 2021 and U.S.$69.33 in the period from January through October 2021, while 
the average forward price for a barrel of crude oil for 2022 amounted to U.S.$78.53 as at 8 November 2021 
(source: Platts Brent Dated). Crude oil and natural gas prices are also influenced by geopolitical factors, 
including but not limited to, demand in China, India and Japan, oversupply and overdemand of crude oil 
and raw materials, the initial general collapse and current surge in the commodity markets due to the 
slowdown of global economic activity and subsequent recovery as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the 
strong U.S. dollar and general market volatility. Additionally, new procurement contracts from the U.S. 
(Sabine Pass and Corpus Christi) are exposed to the Henry Hub index, which is also highly volatile, with 
the annual average price of one million British Thermal Units (BTU) of natural gas amounting to U.S.$2.46 
in 2016, U.S.$3.10 in 2017, U.S.$2.86 in 2018 and U.S.$2.56 in 2019 and U.S.$2.08 in 2020 (source: 
NYMEX New York Mercantile Exchange). The average price of one million British Thermal Units (BTU) 
for the months of January through September 2021 and January through October 2021 amounted to 
U.S.$3.54 and U.S.$3.74, respectively (source: NYMEX New York Mercantile Exchange). Finally, 
increasingly liquid final destination markets may not sufficiently reflect existing long-term gas procurement 
contract prices. 
The price of electricity in Spain is also highly volatile due to the market share of renewable technologies 
and their dependence on climate conditions and also because of the volatility of thermal energy technologies 
that define the price of electricity in Spain since it is the marginal technology required to cover electricity 
demand. The average price per MWh of electricity fell from €47.25 in 2012 to €44.19 in 2013 and to €41.97 
in 2014, rising to €52.02 in 2015, falling significantly to €39.67 in 2016, rising again to €52.24 in 2017 and 
to €57.29 in 2018, falling to €47.68 in 2019, falling further to €33.97 in 2020 and rising significantly to

--- Page 19 ---
12 
€68.94 in the period from January through August 2021, and standing at €156.14 and €200.01 for the 
months of September 2021 and October 2021, respectively (source: OMIE) and further increasing as 
reflected by the forward curves of pool prices mainly due to the increase in CO2 and market gas prices, with 
the weather and the variability in dispatch of renewable energy (hydro, wind and solar) as other causes. 
The Group’s business activities include wholesale natural gas sales to electricity producers and others. With 
respect to such transactions, its results of operations are likely to depend largely upon prevailing market 
prices in regional markets and other competitive markets. These market prices may not correlate with long-
term gas procurement contracts. As a result, the Group’s natural gas wholesale business is exposed to risks 
of fluctuating commodity prices and movements in the price of electricity.  
There can be no assurance that the Group will be able to fully pass on its costs to its gas and electricity 
customers or to negotiate a decrease in wholesale prices with its suppliers, or otherwise offset such 
variations through hedging arrangements and other risk management techniques. 
Additionally, long-term gas purchase contracts typically provide for regular price revision mechanisms: the 
parties have the right to request a review of the gas purchase price in certain circumstances, and in the event 
the parties are unable to reach an agreement, such contracts provide for an independent system or formula 
for setting the price. The Group is periodically subject to such procedures, which may potentially result in 
the unfavourable pricing of gas or delayed or lack of pass-through of market conditions to the gas suppliers. 
Long-term gas purchase contracts also typically require the purchase of a certain amount of natural gas and 
LNG during specified contract periods, usually on a yearly basis. The Group is contractually bound to 
purchase such minimum volumes even if it does not take the gas (sometimes known as “take-or-pay” 
clauses). Some agreements provide for a recovery of the amount paid to purchase such minimum gas 
volumes (sometimes known as “make-up” clauses) in certain circumstances. However, the Group may be 
subject to such “take-or-pay” clauses without the possibility to recover the gas volumes or amounts it pays. 
Any such variations in commodity prices could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Impact of weather and climate conditions 
The demand for electricity and natural gas, as well as electricity and gas prices, are closely related to 
climate. Generally, natural gas demand is higher during the cold weather months of October through March 
in Europe and Mexico (or April through September in Argentina and Chile and, to a lesser extent, Brazil) 
and lower during the warm weather months of April through September in Europe and Mexico (or October 
through March in Argentina and Chile and, to a lesser extent, Brazil). A significant portion of demand for 
natural gas in the winter months relates to the production of electricity and heat and, in the summer months, 
to the production of electricity for air-conditioning systems. The revenues and results of operations of the 
Group’s natural gas operations could be negatively affected by periods of unseasonable warm weather 
during the autumn and winter months, due to decreases in factors such as price and volume. Likewise, 
electricity demand may decrease during mild summers as a result of reduced demand for air-conditioning, 
negatively impacting revenues generated from the Group’s electricity generation and distribution 
businesses and its commercialisation of natural gas. 
The Group’s operations involve hydroelectric and wind generation in Spain and Latin America, and, 
accordingly, the Group is dependent upon hydrological conditions prevailing from time to time in the 
geographic regions in which its hydroelectric and wind generation facilities are located. If hydrological and 
wind conditions result in droughts or other conditions that negatively affect the Group’s hydroelectric and 
wind generation business, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Moreover, the Group may be impacted by the physical and environmental effects of climate change, which 
are difficult to predict. Possible outcomes include less stable or predictable weather patterns, which could 
result in more frequent or severe storms and other weather conditions (such as flooding, drought and 
hurricanes) that could increase the Group’s operating costs and interfere with its business operations, 
particularly when located in areas that typically experience more severe weather conditions, such as atypical 
wind/cyclonic storms in Spain; hurricanes, earthquake and tsunami in Puerto Rico; hurricanes, earthquake, 
tsunami and flooding in Mexico; earthquake in Chile and earthquake and flooding in Panama and Costa 
Rica. In addition, significant climatic changes, including a gradual, steady increase in global temperatures, 
could affect consumer behaviour and global or regional demand for energy products such as natural gas. 
There can be no assurance that the Group will be able to adapt its business model and strategy successfully

--- Page 20 ---
13 
to the evolving physical and environmental effects of climate change. Any failure to do so could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Environmental and climate related risks  
The Group is subject to risks associated with key environmental issues such as climate change, water and 
biodiversity. These risks include changes to energy policies, laws and regulations aimed at mitigating 
climate change, which includes driving renewable energies and the promotion of energy efficiency. Any 
such changes could result in increased compliance costs and operational restrictions for the Group. See “—
Legal and Regulatory Risks—Risks relating to environmental laws and regulations”. 
The Group is also exposed to the physical and environmental effects of climate change, which could 
negatively affect the operation of the Group’s power generation and electricity distribution assets as well 
as resulting in a change to consumer behaviour and reduced demand for the Group’s products. See “—
Impact of weather and climate conditions”. 
The growing public concern with regards to climate change or environmental protection more generally 
could also have an adverse impact on the Group’s ability to carry out new investment projects or otherwise 
harm its reputation. For example, concerns about fugitive emissions of methane in natural gas extraction 
processes could result in natural gas being seen as equally harmful as more carbon-intensive fossil fuels. 
In addition, if the Group fails to keep pace with technological improvements or innovations that support 
the transition to a lower carbon, energy efficient economic system, this could have an adverse effect on its 
business and prospects. 
While the Group analyses these and other risks associated with climate change and the wider environment 
and establishes goals to mitigate their impact on the Group, there can be no assurance that the Group will 
be able to mitigate such risks effectively or at all. As a result, any of the above could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Gas volume risks 
Most purchases of natural gas and LNG are made pursuant to long-term contracts with clauses (sometimes 
known as “take-or-pay” clauses) that require the Group to purchase a certain amount of natural gas and 
LNG during specified contract periods. Pursuant to these contracts, even if the Group requires less than the 
minimum contracted amount, it is still contractually bound to pay for the minimum contracted amount, 
thereby paying for an amount of gas or LNG that is greater than its operational needs or to pay a fixed price 
amount for such gas irrespective of whether it takes the gas or not. When the Group enters into contracts 
with “take-or-pay” provisions, it negotiates the contracted amount based on forecasts of its anticipated 
future needs and the competitiveness of such gas. Such forecasts are based on previous experience and the 
information then available to the Group, but actual volume requirements may prove to be lower than those 
projected at the time the contracts are entered into. Any significant variation in the forecasted levels of 
demand or price competitiveness could result in the Group being required to pay for quantities of natural 
gas that exceed its actual needs, regardless of whether it elects to take delivery of the excess quantities of 
gas, which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operational costs and, as a result, 
its business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
There may exist other volume risks, such as unexpected demand contractions due to mild weather or sudden 
unexpected demand rise such as the surge in consumption experienced as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
due to, among other things, the supply-demand shock resulting from the rapid economic recovery following 
the COVID-19 pandemic. A further risk may derive from the fact that certain industrial customers may not 
be able to maintain their activity level at the current level of energy prices, which could therefore reduce 
their demand. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there is a supply and demand shock in the international energy 
commodity markets that started in the third quarter of 2021. This is marked by a strong recovery in demand 
coupled with a supply that has not experienced the same surge although both are expected to align 
eventually. Many integrated oil and gas companies have been reluctant to finance new projects, as their 
broader goal is the transition to renewables and, as a result, gas storage levels in Europe as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus are significantly lower than historic averages. Under this scenario, any 
shortage experienced by the Group’s gas suppliers may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
operating costs and, consequently, on its business, prospects, financial condition and results.

--- Page 21 ---
14 
Development of the Group’s electricity activities  
The success of the Group’s electricity sector operations could be adversely affected by factors beyond the 
control of the Group, including the following:  
▪ 
increases in the cost of generation, including increases in fuel costs and CO2 prices;  
▪ 
reduced competitiveness of the Group’s gas procurement to be used in the Group’s power generation 
facilities; 
▪ 
the possibility of a reduction in the projected rate of growth in electricity usage as a result of factors 
such as economic or weather conditions;  
▪ 
the implementation of energy conservation schemes;  
▪ 
risks incidental to the operation and maintenance of electricity generation facilities;  
▪ 
the increasing price volatility that has resulted from deregulation and changes in the market as well as 
recent commodity price environment, due to the supply-demand shock resulting from the rapid post-
COVID-19 economic recovery; 
▪ 
surplus electricity generation capacity in the markets served by the electricity plants the Group owns 
or in which it has an interest;  
▪ 
generation-commercialisation imbalances that may result in the exposure of the Group to electricity 
price volatility; 
▪ 
the imposition of new requirements by regulatory authorities resulting from the current increases in 
the price of power in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates; and  
▪ 
alternative sources and supplies of energy becoming available due to new technologies and increasing 
interest in renewable energy and cogeneration. 
▪ 
Should any of these risks materialise, they could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.  
Level of competitiveness in supply activities in the gas and electricity market  
The Group operates in a highly competitive environment in the gas and electricity markets in the different 
countries in which it carries on its business. In particular, the liberalisation processes that have taken place 
in energy markets both in Spain and in other key markets have had a negative impact on energy prices and 
margins as they are influenced by international energy prices and tend to be more volatile. This can generate 
inefficiencies in the pass-through of the volatility of the energy scenario to customers. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, there is a supply and demand shock in the international energy commodity markets that 
started in the third quarter of as a result of the rapid post-COVID-19 economic recovery, with an 
extraordinary occasional sharp escalation in energy prices. There is also a negative impact on the market 
share of retail supply, especially in the gas business. The Group may continue to lose market share due to 
the entry of new suppliers into the market or existing suppliers. Its portfolio of long-term gas supply 
contracts may become less competitive if the relevant price indices of such portfolio and those of the final 
markets differ. A further decline in market share could have a significant adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.  
In the electricity industry, liberalisation has led to increased competition as a result of consolidation and 
the entry of new market participants in the European Union electricity markets, including the Spanish 
electricity market. The liberalisation of the electricity industry in the European Union has also led to lower 
electricity prices in some market segments as a result of the entry of new competitors and cross-border 
energy suppliers as well as the establishment of European electricity exchanges, which in turn has led to 
increased liquidity in the electricity markets. This liberalisation of the electricity market means that many 
areas of the Group’s business must develop in a more competitive environment.  
If the Group were unable to adapt to or adequately manage this competitive market its business, prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

--- Page 22 ---
15 
3. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE GROUP’S OPERATIONS 
Operating risks 
The Group’s operations are subject to certain inherent risks, including fraud events, cyber-criminal attacks, 
pipeline ruptures, breakdowns affecting its electricity generation assets and LNG tankers, explosions, 
pollution, release of toxic substances, fires, adverse weather conditions or catastrophic natural events (such 
as earthquake, hurricanes and floods that have affected the islands of Puerto Rico in the past decades), 
failure by gas and fuel suppliers or other third parties to fulfil contractual obligations, sabotage, accidental 
damage to its gas and electricity distribution networks or electricity generation assets and other hazards and 
force majeure events, any of which could result in personal injury and/or damage to, or the destruction of, 
the Group’s facilities and other properties or an interruption in gas supply and/or electricity generation.  
Moreover, Naturgy’s construction projects are subject to certain intrinsic risks, such as accidental damage, 
supplier stock ruptures, cargo delays or cancellations, supplier design errors, fires, adverse weather 
conditions, release of toxic substances, explosions, failure by suppliers or other third parties to fulfil 
contractual obligations and other hazards and force majeure events, any of which could result in personal 
injury and/or damage to, or the destruction of, the Group’s facilities and other properties affecting the 
construction planning and delaying the start of operations of new generation assets.   
Additionally, the Group may be subject to civil, administrative and criminal liability claims for personal 
injury and/or other damages caused in the ordinary course of its activities, such as loss of information of 
third parties due to cyber-criminal attack, failures in its distribution network, gas explosions, wildfires, 
pollution or toxic spills or incidents with its generating plants. Such claims could result in the payment of 
compensation under the laws of certain countries where the Group operates, which could, to the extent the 
Group’s civil liability insurance policies do not cover such damages, have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.  
Furthermore, if operations at compression stations on the Europe-Maghreb pipeline were to be interrupted, 
suppliers may notify the Group of a reduction in supply levels or seek to enforce force majeure provisions 
with a view to terminating the corresponding supply agreements. The Group is not generally able to predict 
the occurrence of these or similar events and they may cause unanticipated interruptions in its gas supply 
and electricity generation activities. While the Group seeks to obtain insurance cover for risks such as 
damage to property and loss of profit, its financial condition and results of operations may be adversely 
affected to the extent any losses are uninsured, exceed the applicable limitations under its insurance policies, 
are subject to the payment of excesses or to the extent the premiums payable in respect of such policies are 
increased as a result of insurance claims.  
The Group enters into long-term gas supply contracts and, consequently, its gas supply is subject to the risk 
of non-fulfilment by its contractual counterparties. In the event that insufficient gas is supplied to the Group 
due to the failure of a counterparty to deliver contracted amounts of gas or for any other reason, the Group 
could be required to seek alternative sources of gas in order to ensure continued supply. This may require 
purchases on the “spot” market (a non-organised market aimed at short-term commercialisation in gas, 
primarily LNG), to acquire the gas required. Such “spot” purchases may only be available on more 
expensive terms than under the current supply contracts to which the Group is party, and this cost may not 
be recoverable under such contracts. The Group cannot provide any assurance that, in such circumstances, 
it would be able to acquire the gas needed to guarantee supply on reasonable terms, or at all, and any failure 
to do so could have a negative effect on its business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.  
If any of these operating risks were to materialise, they could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Construction and development of new infrastructure 
The construction and development of natural gas supply and distribution infrastructure and the exploration, 
production and sale of LNG, as well as electricity generation and distribution projects, can be time-
consuming and highly complex. Any increase in the costs of, cancellation of and/or delay in the completion 
of, the Group’s projects under development and projects proposed for development could have a material 
adverse effect on its business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. In particular, if the 
Group were unable to complete projects under development, it would not be able to recover the costs 
incurred and its profitability, and, as a result, its business, prospects, financial condition and results of 
operations, could be materially adversely affected.

--- Page 23 ---
16 
Risks related to cybersecurity 
The Group may be affected by threats to the availability, confidentiality, integrity and privacy of both 
information assets and technologies which support its business processes, as well as the risk of non-
compliance with regulations related to cybersecurity. 
Examples of these threats include unauthorised access to, as well as the use, disclosure, degradation, 
interruption, modification or destruction of information, including as a consequence of acts of terrorism, 
malicious attacks, sabotage and other intentional acts. Malware attacks and unauthorised access to the 
Group’s IT systems may also affect essential services operations and compromise business data and 
customer information resulting in fines and penalties as a consequence of the violation of data protection 
regulations and other legal requirements. Such threats could also damage the reputation of the Group. 
Any of the above could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial 
condition or results of operations. 
4. 
RISKS RELATING TO MACRO-ECONOMIC CONDITIONS AND COUNTRY RISKS 
The uncertain macroeconomic climate 
The global growth outlook remains marked by extreme uncertainty. Current risk factors mainly result from 
the progression of the COVID-19 (commonly referred to as “coronavirus”) pandemic as infection rates in 
regions important to the Group remain high. The uncertainty surrounding the coronavirus and its effects on 
the global economy, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, is expected to continue to significantly impact 
global growth in the fourth quarter of 2021, affecting both supply and demand. A sharp recovery may also 
affect the supply-demand balance in certain raw materials and commodities (as explained above in “—Risks 
Relating to the Group’s Business Activities and Industries—Level of competitiveness in supply activities in 
the gas and electricity market”) which may adversely affect the Group’s activities. 
This virus has affected all of the countries in which we operate, including, among others, Spain, Mexico, 
Brazil, Chile and Argentina. These jurisdictions have implemented and may continue to implement certain 
restrictions to avoid the spread of the virus, such as mobility bans between countries and specific regions, 
closure of schools, offices and factories, and bans of public, sports and entertainment gatherings. 
Moreover, in macroeconomic terms, certain countries have experienced or are experiencing widespread 
increases in unemployment levels and decreases in industrial production. Governments and central banks 
have implemented several fiscal and monetary measures with the aim of reactivating the economy. Since 
the appearance of COVID-19, there has been an increase in the costs of maritime and road transport caused 
by the reduction in the volume of goods movement worldwide. Public debt has increased significantly due 
to support and spending measures. In addition, since June 2021 there has been an interruption or slowdown 
of supply chains, a sharp contraction in GDP, a substantial increase in economic uncertainty and greater 
volatility in financial markets. 
The Group is exposed to the uncertain macroeconomic climate in a number of ways: 
▪ 
An economic downturn in any of the countries in which the Group operates negatively affects business 
and consumer confidence, unemployment trends and the state of the residential and commercial real 
estate sector. This in turn, may impact the Group’s customers, resulting in their inability to pay 
amounts owed to the Group and may affect demand for the Group’s goods and services. What is more, 
given that as at 30 June 2021, more than half of the Group’s operating assets were located in Spain, 
any economic downturn affecting the Spanish economy would have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business. 
▪ 
An economic downturn also negatively affects the state of the equity, bond and foreign exchange 
markets, including their liquidity. This might affect the reasonable value of financial assets and 
liabilities and increase the Group’s financing costs, all of which could give rise to an impairment of 
the goodwill and the intangible or tangible fixed assets of the Group. 
▪ 
A sharp economic recovery may create short to mid-term disbalances, including supply-demand 
disbalances, which may increase procurement costs and the Group may not be able to pass on such 
cost increases to its customers. In general, sudden increases in the spot markets where the Group 
operates due to energetic supply-demand disbalances, can generate inefficiency in the pass-through 
of the volatility of the energy scenario to its customers.

--- Page 24 ---
17 
▪ 
The current energy transition transformation may adversely impact the Group’s activities, in particular 
due to increasing governmental intervention in the energy sector. 
The Group is not able to predict how the economic cycle is likely to develop in the short term, including as 
a result of the impact of COVID-19 or otherwise. Any further deterioration or a rapid change of the current 
economic situation in the markets in which the Group operates could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Geographical exposure 
The Group has interests in countries with varied political, economic and social environments, focused on 
three main geographical areas, Europe, Latin America and the Middle East and the Maghreb. 
Europe 
Operations and investments in Europe are exposed to various risks, including, but not limited to, risks 
relating to the following: 
▪ 
unexpected and sudden changes in governmental regulation; and 
▪ 
changes in governmental, fiscal, economic or tax policies. 
Latin America 
A significant portion of the Group’s operating income is generated by its Latin American subsidiaries. 
Operations and investments in Latin America are exposed to various risks that are inherent to the region: 
▪ 
significant governmental influence over local economies;  
▪ 
substantial fluctuations in economic growth;  
▪ 
high levels of inflation;  
▪ 
devaluation, depreciation or over-valuation of local and foreign currencies;  
▪ 
exchange controls or restrictions on expatriation of earnings;  
▪ 
volatile domestic interest rates;  
▪ 
changes in governmental, fiscal, economic or tax policies;  
▪ 
unexpected changes in governmental regulation;  
▪ 
expropriation of assets or businesses;  
▪ 
social unrest; and 
▪ 
general political and macro-economic instability. 
Most or all of these factors have arisen at various times in the last two decades in the most important Latin 
American markets: Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia and Mexico. 
The Middle East and the Maghreb 
The Group has both proprietary assets and significant gas supply contracts in various countries in the 
Middle East and the Maghreb. Political instability in the area can result in physical damage to assets of 
companies in which the Group participates as well as in obstructing the operations of these or other 
companies causing interruption in gas supply. 
The Group is not able to predict the occurrence of any of these risks or other risks related to the Group’s 
operations and interests in Latin America or the Middle East and the Maghreb, or the magnitude of their 
impact, and any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 25 ---
18 
5. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE GROUP’S STRATEGY 
Business strategy  
On 27 July 2021, the Guarantor’s Board of Directors approved a new Strategic Plan for the period 2021 
through 2025 (the “Strategic Plan”), during which the Group aims to strengthen its role in the energy 
transition and decarbonisation. The Strategic Plan is part of the Group’s strong commitment to 
Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) criteria that the Group has been implementing in recent 
years and includes a Sustainability Plan with targets for 2025 in the ESG areas. This includes the objective 
of achieving zero emissions by 2050 and close to 60% of installed power from renewable sources, among 
other targets and objectives. See “Description of Naturgy Energy Group, S.A.—New Strategic Plan 2021-
2025” for a description of the Group’s new Strategic Plan. 
The Group’s ability to achieve these strategic targets and objectives is subject to a variety of risks. These 
risks include: 
▪ 
an inability to manage more challenging gas markets and price evolution, resulting in an adverse 
impact on the profitability of the Group’s liberalised businesses; 
▪ 
an inability to successfully manage the requirements of regulatory frameworks if stricter-than-
expected regulatory measures were to be imposed in relation to the international distribution of gas 
and electricity generation; 
▪ 
an inability to successfully manage the businesses of the Group in the context of the changing political 
and regulatory environment, including the potential risk of intervention and/or liquidation of any of 
the Group’s businesses. In particular, an inability to manage new populist political and social 
environments in countries that lead to worse regulations in regulated businesses impacting the 
profitability of the Group’s businesses in such countries; 
▪ 
the possibility of a new recession in the Spanish, European, Latin American or any other economy 
where the Group operates, or the actual or threatened default by any major economy on its sovereign 
debt, which would negatively affect the performance of the Group’s businesses; 
▪ 
an inability to properly manage foreign exchange evolutions, resulting in a negative impact on the 
Group’s profitability; 
▪ 
an inability to extend contracts that expire over the short and medium term, resulting in decreased 
cash flow and a negative impact on the Group’s profitability; 
▪ 
a stagnation in the number of customers due to a lack of success in marketing campaigns targeted at 
gas and electricity consumers;  
▪ 
an inability to achieve the desired level of flexibility and diversification in gas supplies and access to 
gas reserves;  
▪ 
an inability to renegotiate contracts that expire or the conditions of which no longer reflect the existing 
market situation, which may negatively impact the Group’s profitability; 
▪ 
an inability to terminate or renegotiate in satisfactory terms the existing long-term contracts in the 
context of the current uncertain business environment; 
▪ 
the inclusion of “take-or-pay” or minimum payment clauses in supply or capacity contracts, 
potentially imposing an obligation on the Group to pay for a larger volume of gas or associated 
services than it requires or to pay for a minimum amount of gas or services, irrespective of whether it 
takes the gas or uses the services or not; 
▪ 
an inability to consolidate the Group’s multi-service business strategy or to increase the current rate 
of multi-product contracts per customer; 
▪ 
an inability to achieve the energy transition and the reorientation of the Group’s business strategy at 
the speed and success required by the market and public policies; 
▪ 
an inability to execute the Group’s current efficiency plan;

--- Page 26 ---
19 
▪ 
an inability to fulfil the current dividend plan as a result of lower cash generation; and 
▪ 
an inability to successfully manage the Group’s minority shareholders in the different businesses 
belonging to the Group. 
The Group may be significantly affected by the regulatory decisions adopted or announced after the Council 
of Ministers of 14 September 2021. See “―Legal and Regulatory Risks―Risks relating to the Group’s 
regulatory environment” above for more information. 
The Group has analysed the effects and potential economic, accounting and other impacts these measures 
may have, as well as any mitigating actions to be taken. However, at this time, it is impracticable to measure 
such effects due to the uncertainties mentioned above and the difficulty involved in modelling the impact 
on its business. Any of these factors could affect the effective fulfilment of the Strategic Plan, which is 
subject, like any plan, to the regulatory hypotheses, scenarios as well as their projections materialising, and 
the measures designed being implemented in the manner and within the timeframe envisaged. 
The Group can provide no assurance that it will be able to implement its Strategic Plan successfully, either 
in full or in part. Were the Group to fail to achieve the strategic objectives and targets formulated in the 
Strategic Plan, or if those targets and objectives, once attained, did not generate the benefits initially 
anticipated, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
Risks related to acquisitions, investments and disposals 
As part of the Group’s strategy, the Group may engage in acquisitions, investments and total or partial 
disposals of interests. There can be no assurance that the Group will identify suitable acquisition 
opportunities, obtain the financing necessary to complete and support such acquisitions or investments, 
acquire businesses on satisfactory terms, or that any acquired business will prove to be profitable. In 
addition, acquisitions, investments and divestments involve a number of risks associated with unanticipated 
events, including difficulties in relation to the operational integration of such new businesses in the Group 
or the disintegration of such businesses from the Group and risks arising from provisions in contracts that 
are triggered by a change of control of an acquired company or from provisions in contracts relating to the 
units to be divested. Any total or partial disposal of any interest may also adversely affect the Group’s 
financial condition. Any of the above factors could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, 
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
(II) 
RISKS RELATING TO WITHHOLDING 
Risks in relation to Spanish Taxation in respect of payments made by the Guarantor 
Whilst the Guarantor considers that payments under the Guarantee should be characterised as an indemnity 
and, accordingly, be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes imposed 
by the Kingdom of Spain, there are certain circumstances outside the Guarantor’s control, which would 
require the Guarantor to withhold tax at the then-applicable rate (currently 19 per cent.) from any payment 
of interest in respect of the Notes. In such circumstances, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will pay any 
additional amounts with respect to any such withholding and investors would receive less interest than 
expected. This could also adversely affect the price of the Notes. See “Taxation and Disclosure of 
Information in Connection with the Notes—Taxation in Spain—Payments under the Guarantee”. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to the consequences under the 
tax laws of the Kingdom of Spain of receiving payments of interest under the Notes.  
Risks in relation to Dutch taxation - No obligation to pay additional amounts if payments in respect of 
the Notes are subject to the 2021 Netherlands conditional interest withholding tax 
The Netherlands introduced a withholding tax on interest payments which entered into effect as of 1 January 
2021. This interest withholding tax applies to interest payments made by Naturgy Finance B.V. (“NF”) to 
affiliated entities (i) resident in low-tax jurisdictions designated as such by the Dutch Ministry of Finance 
(generally, a jurisdiction (a) with a corporation tax on business profits with a general statutory rate of less 
than 9%, or (b) a jurisdiction included in the EU list of non-cooperative jurisdictions), or (ii) in certain 
abusive situations. Generally, an entity is considered to be affiliated (gelieerd) to NF for these purposes if 
such entity, either individually or as part of a collaborating group (samenwerkende groep), has a decisive 
influence on NF’s decisions, in such a way that it, or the collaborating group of which it forms part, is able 
to determine the activities of NF. An entity, or the collaborating group of which it forms part, that holds

--- Page 27 ---
20 
more than 50% of the voting rights in NF, or in which NF holds more than 50% of the voting rights, is in 
any event considered to be affiliated. An entity is also considered to be affiliated if a third party holds more 
than 50% of the voting rights both in such entity and NF. 
In case payments made by NF in respect of the Notes are subject to this interest withholding tax under the 
Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021) as published in the Official Gazette (Staatsblad) 
Stb. 2019, 513 of 27 December 2019, NF will make the required withholding of such taxes for the account 
of the relevant holder(s) of Notes without being obliged to pay Additional Amounts to the relevant holder(s) 
of Notes in respect of the interest withholding tax, pursuant to Condition 8(a) (Additional Amounts) of the 
Notes. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to whether this interest 
withholding tax is relevant to them. 
(III) 
RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
1. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors.  
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The net proceeds from the issue of any Notes will be on-lent by the relevant Issuer to the Guarantor to be 
used by the Group for general corporate purposes. The Guarantor may also choose to apply an amount 
equivalent to the proceeds from the issue of any Notes specifically to finance and/or refinance, in whole or 
in part, Eligible Green Projects in accordance with prescribed eligibility criteria (any such Notes, “Green 
Bonds”). See also the section entitled “Use of Proceeds” for further detail. 
Regardless of whether any Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market, no assurance is given by either of the Issuers, the Guarantor or the Dealers that the use of such 
proceeds for any Eligible Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, 
the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Projects. In addition, although the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor may agree at the time of issue of any Green Bonds to apply the proceeds of any Green Bonds so 
specified in, or substantially in accordance with, the eligibility criteria, it would not be an Event of Default 
under the Notes if the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor were to fail to comply with such obligations for 
whatever reason.  
In connection with the issue of Green Bonds, a sustainability rating agency or sustainability consulting firm 
may issue a second-party opinion (whether or not requested by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor) 
confirming that the Eligible Green Projects have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation 
of eligibility for green projects and/or a second-party opinion regarding the suitability of the Notes as an 
investment in connection with certain environmental and sustainability projects (any such second-party 
opinion, a “Second-party Opinion”). A Second-party Opinion would not constitute a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities, would only be current as of the date it is released and would not be, nor would 
be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds in connection with Eligible Green Projects, 
or any failure to meet, or continue to meet the eligibility criteria, or the withdrawal of any Second-Party 
Opinion or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities 
market may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any 
other Notes which are intended by either Issuer to finance Eligible Green Projects or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose. Prospective investors must determine for themselves whether the proposed Green Bonds meet 
their requisite investment criteria and conduct any other investigations they deem necessary to reach their 
own conclusions as to the merits of investing in any such Green Bonds. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) 
of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what

--- Page 28 ---
21 
precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or such other equivalent label 
nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time or that any 
prevailing market consensus will not significantly change, particularly when the EU Taxonomy comes into 
force. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors in Green Bonds that any projects or uses 
the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding 
such “green” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, 
social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, 
or related to, any Eligible Green Projects. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the relevant Issuer 
The Conditions provide that, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, Notes may be subject to early 
redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer in certain circumstances. See Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase). An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period 
when the relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor would generally not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed, and may only 
be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light 
of other investments available at that time. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Notes linked to SONIA 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets and its 
adoption as an alternative to LIBOR. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are 
exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA, including term SONIA reference rates (which seek 
to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term). As a result, 
the market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference a SONIA rate issued under this 
Base Prospectus.  
Interest on Notes which reference SONIA is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant 
Observation Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for 
investors in Notes which reference a SONIA rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be 
payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes 
to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast 
to LIBOR-based Notes, if Notes referencing SONIA become due and payable as a result of an Event of 
Default under Condition 11 (Events of Default) are redeemed early on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date, the rate of interest payable for the final Interest Period in respect of such Notes shall only be 
determined immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable and shall not be reset 
thereafter. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond markets may 
differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of SONIA reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements 
which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing a 
SONIA rate. 
Further, if SONIA does not prove to be widely used in securities such as the Notes, the trading price of 
such Notes linked to SONIA may be lower than those of Notes linked to indices that are more widely used. 
Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at

--- Page 29 ---
22 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such 
relevant Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the relevant Issuer may elect to convert from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The relevant Issuer’s ability to convert the 
interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since such relevant Issuer 
may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the 
relevant Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
may be less favourable than prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same 
reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If 
the relevant Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than the 
prevailing rates on the Notes prior to such conversion. 
Calculation Agent 
The relevant Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of 
which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have 
information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking 
activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may 
affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market 
price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
2. 
RISKS RELATED TO ANY ISSUE OF NOTES 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
In the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are 
redeemable at the relevant Issuer’s option, for example pursuant to Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer), Condition 6(d) (Residual Maturity Call Option), Condition 6(e) (Redemption 
following a Substantial Purchase Event) or Condition 6(f) (Make-Whole Redemption). In certain 
circumstances the relevant Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates 
may be relatively low. In such circumstances, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. 
The regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Notes referencing such 
benchmarks. 
Reference rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are 
the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. This has 
resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing benchmarks, with further changes anticipated. These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect 
on any Notes referencing such a benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “BMR”) and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK BMR”) apply to “contributors”, “administrators” and “users” of 
“benchmarks” in the EU and the UK, respectively and could have a material impact on any Notes 
referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the relevant benchmark are 
changed in order to comply with the requirements of the BMR or the UK BMR. Such changes could, among 
other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory

--- Page 30 ---
23 
reform. Following the implementation of any such potential reforms, the manner of administration of 
benchmarks may change, with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or benchmarks 
could be eliminated entirely, or there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted. For example, 
on 27 July 2017, the UK Financial Conduct Authority announced that it would no longer persuade or 
compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) 
benchmark after 2021 (the “FCA Announcement”). The FCA Announcement indicates that the 
continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021.  
The potential elimination of any benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, 
could require an adjustment to the terms and conditions, or result in other consequences, in respect of any 
Notes referencing such benchmark.  
Under the Conditions, certain replacement provisions will apply if a benchmark (or any component part 
thereof) used as a reference for the calculation of interest amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes 
were to be discontinued or otherwise become unavailable. See Condition 5(i) (Benchmark discontinuation). 
For example, where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in 
respect of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances 
where such Original Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor 
or replacement may be available, in which case the Rate of Interest to be determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent. Where such 
quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates for the 
determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original Reference Rate 
was discontinued.  
Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from reference 
banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued may adversely 
affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(i) (Benchmark discontinuation)) occurs (which, among 
other events, includes the permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate), the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use 
of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest is likely to result in Notes 
initially linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to 
be referenced. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall 
be determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. Where the 
Floating Rate Option specified is an “IBOR” Floating Rate Option, the Rate of Interest may be determined 
by reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations from certain banks.  
If the relevant IBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from banks (as 
applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of 
Interest that would be applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate 
Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the BMR or the UK BMR reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Notes referencing a benchmark. 
It may be difficult for Holders to enforce judgments obtained before English courts against NF in the 
Netherlands 
Following the UK departure from the European Union, the main EU instruments on jurisdiction and 
enforcement of judgments – namely Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 (the “Recast Brussels Regulation”) 
and the Convention on Jurisdiction and the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and

--- Page 31 ---
24 
Commercial Matters made in Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the “Lugano Convention”) – no longer apply 
to civil and commercial cases commenced in the UK on or after 1 January 2021. 
As a result, persons enforcing a judgment obtained before English courts can no longer benefit from the 
recognition of such judgment in EU courts (including the Netherlands and Spain) under the Recast Brussels 
Regulation or the Lugano Convention. While the UK applied to re-accede to the Lugano Convention as an 
independent contracting state, the European Union rejected the UK’s accession on 4 May 2021. As the 
agreement of all participating states of the Lugano Convention is necessary for such accession, the rejection 
of the European Union means that the United Kingdom cannot accede to the Lugano Convention for the 
time being. 
On 28 September 2020, the UK deposited its instrument of accession to the Hague Convention on Choice 
of Court Agreements 2005 (the “Hague Convention”). The Hague Convention is an international 
convention which requires contracting states to recognise and respect exclusive jurisdiction clauses in 
favour of other contracting states and to enforce related judgments. While the UK’s accession to the Hague 
Convention preserves the status quo between the UK and the EU in many respects as to matters of 
jurisdiction and enforcement, the scope of the Hague Convention is limited to contracts with exclusive 
jurisdiction clauses and there is no assurance that such judgments will be recognised on exactly the same 
terms and in the same conditions as under the Recast Brussels Regulation. In addition, it is unlikely that so-
called “asymmetric exclusive jurisdiction” clauses, such as Condition 18, would be considered “exclusive” 
for the purposes of the Hague Convention.  
Therefore, unless and until the UK is able to accede to the Lugano Convention in the future, and if 
proceedings fall outside the scope of the Hague Convention, then UK and EU member state courts will 
have recourse to their own domestic laws and conflict of law rules to determine questions of jurisdiction 
and enforceability of judgments. For example, it is expected that a final and conclusive civil judgment for 
the payment of money rendered by a court in England against Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. (“NCM”) or 
the Guarantor under the Notes which is enforceable in England should be capable of being recognised and 
enforced by the Spanish courts according and subject to the limitations set forth in articles 41 et seq. of the 
Spanish Law on International Legal Cooperation in Civil Matters (Ley de Cooperación Jurídica 
Internacional en materia civil) and article 523 of the Spanish Law of Civil Procedure (Ley de 
Enjuiciamiento Civil).  
Conversely, any such judgment obtained against NF will, in principle, neither be recognised nor enforceable 
in the Netherlands.  
However, with regards to Notes issued by NF, a final judgment obtained in an English court and not 
rendered by default (verstek) and which is not subject to appeal or other means of contestation and is 
enforceable in England with respect to the obligations of NF under the Notes may be relitigated before a 
competent Dutch court and should generally be upheld and be regarded by a Dutch court of competent 
jurisdiction as conclusive evidence when asked to render a judgment in accordance with that judgment by 
an English court, without substantive re-examination or re-litigation on the merits of the subject matter 
thereof. The foregoing assumes that the judgment has been rendered by a court of competent jurisdiction 
in accordance with the principles of natural justice, its content and enforcement do not conflict with Dutch 
public policy and that it has not been rendered in proceedings of a criminal or tax or other public law nature.  
Therefore, the enforcement by Holders in the Netherlands of a judgment obtained against NF in the courts 
of England may be difficult and could be subject to significant delays and costs. 
3. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE DENOMINATIONS OF THE NOTES 
In relation to any issue of Notes which under the Conditions have a minimum denomination of euro 100,000 
plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount (or, where the specified currency is not euro, its 
equivalent in the specified currency) (each, a “Specified Denomination”), it is possible that Notes may be 
traded in the clearing systems in amounts in excess of euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in the specified 
currency). In such a case, should definitive Notes be required to be issued, a holder who, as a result of 
trading, holds a principal amount of less than euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in the specified currency) in 
his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive all of his entitlement in 
the form of definitive Notes, and consequently may not be able to receive interest or principal in respect of 
all of his entitlement, unless and until such time as his holding becomes an integral multiple of a Specified 
Denomination. Furthermore, at any meeting of Noteholders while Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note, any vote cast shall only be valid if it is in respect of a minimum of euro 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in the specified currency).

--- Page 32 ---
25 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The information set out in the table below shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this 
Base Prospectus provided however that (i) any statement contained in any document incorporated by 
reference in, and forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for 
the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes 
such statement and (ii) any information which is not expressly listed in the table below does not form part 
of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Such documents will be made available, free of charge, during usual business hours at the specified offices 
of the Agent, unless such documents have been modified or superseded, and on the website of the 
Guarantor at:  
In case of the document listed under (A) in the table below: 
https://www.naturgy.com/en/files/Naturgy_9M21_results_pres.pdf 
In case of the document listed under (B) in the table below: 
www.naturgy.com/en/files/Interim_Financial_Statements_Naturgy_June_2021.pdf 
In case of the document listed under (C) in the table below: 
https://www.naturgy.com/en/files/DOC5__Consolidated_Annual_Report_Naturgy_2020.pdf  
In case of the document listed under (D) in the table below: 
https://www.naturgy.com/files/Consolidated_Financial_Statements_Naturgy_2019.pdf 
In case of the document listed under (E) in the table below: 
https://www.naturgy.com/files/CCAA_NFBV_2020_EN.pdf 
In case of the document listed under (F) in the table below: 
https://www.naturgy.com/files/Naturgy_Finance_BV_2019_annual_accounts_with_auditor_report.pdf 
In case of the document listed under (G) in the table below: 
https://www.naturgy.com/files/CCAA_Capital_Markets_2020_EN.pdf  
In case of the document listed under (H) in the table below: 
https://www.naturgy.com/files/FY_2019_accounts_Naturgy_Capital_Markets.pdf  
In case of the document listed under (I) in the table below: 
https://www.naturgy.com/files/EMTN_Base_Prospectus_2012.pdf  
In case of the document listed under (J) in the table below: 
https://www.naturgy.com/files/EMTN_Base_Prospectus_2013.pdf 
In case of the document listed under (K) in the table below: 
https://www.naturgy.com/files/EMTN_Base_Prospectus_2014.pdf  
In case of the document listed under (L) in the table below: 
https://www.naturgy.com/files/EMTN_Base_Prospectus_2015.pdf  
In case of the document listed under (M) in the table below: 
https://www.naturgy.com/files/EMTN_Base_Prospectus_2016.pdf

--- Page 33 ---
26 
In case of the document listed under (N) in the table below: 
https://www.naturgy.com/files/EMTN_Base_Prospectus_2017.pdf  
In case of the document listed under (O) in the table below: 
https://www.naturgy.com/files/EMTN_Base_Prospectus_2018.pdf 
In case of the document listed under (P) in the table below: 
https://www.naturgy.com/files/Base_Prospectus_2020.pdf  
The page references indicated for each document are to the page numbering of the electronic copies of such 
documents as available at the links set forth above. 
Information incorporated by reference 
Page 
reference 
(A) 
The sections listed below of the unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial information of 
Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. for the nine-month period ended 30 September 2021:  
 
(a) 
Scenario 
4-6 
 
(b) 
Consolidated results 
9-12 
 
(c) 
Appendix 
15-27 
 
- 
Non-ordinary items & FX ...............................................................................  
17 
 
- 
Consolidated income statement .......................................................................  
18 
 
- 
Consolidated balance sheet .............................................................................  
19 
 
- 
Accumulated EBITDA by business unit .........................................................  
20 
 
- 
Capex ..............................................................................................................  
21 
 
- 
Financial position ............................................................................................  
22 
 
- 
Alternative Performance Metrics ....................................................................  
23-24 
 
- 
ESG Metrics ....................................................................................................  
25 
(B) 
The English language translation of the condensed interim financial statements of Naturgy Energy 
Group, S.A. for the six-month period ended 30 June 2021, including the interim directors’ report and 
the auditor’s limited review report thereon (“2021 Interim Financial Statements”): 
 
(a) 
Report on Limited Review of Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements ...  
2-4 
 
(b) 
Condensed interim consolidated accounts as at 30 June 2021 .......................................  
5-59 
 
- 
Interim consolidated balance sheet ..................................................................  
6 
 
- 
Interim consolidated statement of income .......................................................  
7 
 
- 
Interim consolidated statement of comprehensive income ..............................  
8 
 
- 
Interim consolidated statement of changes in equity .......................................  
9 
 
- 
Interim consolidated cash flow statement .......................................................  
10 
 
- 
Notes to the condensed interim consolidated accounts....................................  
11-52 
 
- 
Appendix I: Variations in consolidation scope ................................................  
53-54 
 
- 
Appendix II: Regulatory framework ...............................................................  
55-58 
 
(c) 
Consolidated Directors’ Report as at 30 June 2021 .......................................................  
59-92

--- Page 34 ---
27 
 
- 
 Appendix I: Alternative performance metrics ................................................  
90-92 
 
(d) 
Report on Limited Review of Condensed Interim Financial Statements .........................  
93-95 
 
(e) 
 Condensed interim accounts as at 30 June 2021 ...........................................................  
96-129 
 
- 
Interim balance sheet .......................................................................................  
97-98 
 
- 
Interim income statement ................................................................................  
99 
 
- 
Interim statement of recognised income and expenses ....................................  
99 
 
- 
Interim statement of changes in equity ............................................................  
100-101 
 
- 
Interim cash flow statement ............................................................................  
102 
 
- 
Notes to the condensed interim accounts ........................................................  
103-129 
 
(f) 
Condensed interim directors’ report as at 30 June 2021 ...............................................  
130-133 
(C) 
The sections listed below of the 2020 Annual Consolidated Financial Report of Naturgy Energy Group, 
S.A., including the English language translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts as at and 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 together with the audit report thereon:  
 
(a) 
Auditor’s report on the consolidated financial statements 
2-7 
 
(b) 
Consolidated annual accounts of Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. and subsidiary 
companies comprising the Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. Group for the financial year 
2020: 
8-161 
 
- 
Consolidated balance sheet at 31 December 2020...........................................  
10 
 
- 
Consolidated income statement for the year ended 31 December 2020 ..........  
11 
 
- 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year ended 31 
December 2020 ...............................................................................................  
12 
 
- 
Statement of changes in consolidated net equity for the year ended 31 
December 2020 ...............................................................................................  
13 
 
- 
Consolidated cash flow statement for the year ended 31 December 2020  ......  
14 
 
- 
Notes to the consolidated annual accounts for 2020 ........................................  
15-139 
 
- 
Appendices ......................................................................................................  
140-161 
 
(c) 
Annual Consolidated Directors’ Report 2020 
162-637 
(D) 
The sections listed below of the 2019 Annual Consolidated Financial Report of Naturgy Energy Group, 
S.A., including the English language translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts as at and 
for the year ended 31 December 2019 together with the audit report thereon: 
 
(a) 
Auditor’s report on the consolidated financial statements 
2-8 
 
(b) 
Consolidated annual accounts of Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. and subsidiary 
companies comprising the Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. Group for the financial year 
2019: 
9-160 
 
- 
Consolidated balance sheet at 31 December 2019...........................................  
11 
 
- 
Consolidated income statement for the year ended 31 December 2019 ..........  
12 
 
- 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year ended 31 
December 2019 ...............................................................................................  
13 
 
- 
Statement of changes in consolidated net equity for the year ended 31 
December 2019 ...............................................................................................  
14 
 
- 
Consolidated cash flow statement for the year ended 31 December 2019  ......  
15 
 
- 
Notes to the consolidated annual accounts for 2019 ........................................  
17-147 
 
- 
Appendices ......................................................................................................  
148-160

--- Page 35 ---
28 
 
(c) 
Annual Consolidated Directors’ Report 2019 
161-386 
(E) 
The annual financial report of Naturgy Finance B.V. as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020: 
 
(a) 
Annual Report 
1-11 
 
-              Board of Managing Directors Report ...............................................................  
3-8 
 
-              Supervisory Board Report ................................................................................  
9-11 
 
(b) 
Financial Statements 
12-38 
 
- 
Balance Sheet as at 31 December 2020 ...........................................................  
12 
 
- 
Statement of Income for the year ended 31 December 2020 ...........................  
13 
 
- 
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 ........  
14-38 
 
(c) 
Other Information 
39-52 
 
- 
Other information to the financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2020 ...............................................................................................  
39 
 
- 
Independent auditor’s report ...........................................................................  
40-45 
(F) 
The annual financial report of Naturgy Finance B.V. as at and for the year ended 31 December 2019: 
 
(a) 
Annual Report 
1-11 
 
-              Board of Managing Directors Report ...............................................................  
3-8 
 
-              Supervisory Board Report ................................................................................  
9-11 
 
(b) 
Financial Statements 
12-41 
 
- 
Balance Sheet as at 31 December 2019 ...........................................................  
12 
 
- 
Statement of Income for the year ended 31 December 2019 ...........................  
13 
 
- 
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 ........  
14-39 
 
(c) 
Other Information 
41-48 
 
- 
Other information to the financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2019 ...............................................................................................  
41 
 
- 
Independent auditor’s report ...........................................................................  
42-47 
(G) 
The English language translation of the audited annual accounts of Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A., and 
the auditor’s report thereon in relation to the year ended 31 December 2020: 
 
(a) 
Independent Auditor’s Report 2020 ................................................................................  
1-5 
 
(b) 
Annual Accounts .............................................................................................................  
6-31 
 
- 
Balance Sheet at 31 December 2020 ...............................................................  
7 
 
- 
Income Statement for the years ended 31 December 2020 ..............................  
8 
 
- 
Statement of changes in equity for the years ended 31 December 2020..........  
9 
 
- 
Cash Flow Statement for the years ended 31 December 2020 ........................  
10 
 
- 
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2020 ............  
11-31 
 
(c) 
Directors’ Report 2020 ..................................................................................................  
32-35 
(H) 
The English language translation of the audited annual accounts of Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A., and 
the auditor’s report thereon in relation to the year ended 31 December 2019: 
 
(a) 
Independent Auditor’s Report 2019 ................................................................................  
1-5 
 
(b) 
Annual Accounts .............................................................................................................  
6-30 
 
- 
Balance Sheet at 31 December 2019 ...............................................................  
7 
 
- 
Income Statement for the years ended 31 December 2019
 ........................................................................................................................  
8

--- Page 36 ---
29 
The information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list, is considered as 
additional information and is not required by the relevant schedules of Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation as regards the format, content, scrutiny and 
approval of the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading 
on a regulated market, and repealing Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004.  
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. The CSSF as competent authority has not scrutinised or approved the information on any 
website referred to in this Base Prospectus.  
Any statement contained in a document that is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein shall be 
deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement 
contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or 
superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. To the extent that any document or information 
incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus itself incorporates any information by reference, either 
expressly or impliedly, such information will not form part of this Base Prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation, except where such information or documents are stated within this Base Prospectus 
as specifically being incorporated by reference or where this Base Prospectus is specifically defined as 
including such information.  
SUPPLEMENT TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the relevant Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor shall prepare and make 
available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further base prospectus, which, in respect 
of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market, shall constitute a “Supplement 
to the Base Prospectus”, as required by the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
 
 
 
- 
Statement of changes in equity for the years ended 31 December 2019..........  
9 
 
- 
Cash Flow Statement for the years ended 31 December 2019 ........................  
10 
 
- 
Notes to the Annual Accounts for the year ended 31 December 2019 ............  
11-30 
 
(c) 
Directors’ Report 2019 ..................................................................................................  
32-34 
(I) 
The terms and conditions of the Notes issued by Gas Natural Fenosa Finance B.V. of the base 
prospectus dated 26 November 2012 relating to the Programme ....................................................  
30-55 
(J) 
The terms and conditions of the Notes issued by Gas Natural Fenosa Finance B.V. of the base 
prospectus dated 19 November 2013 relating to the Programme ....................................................  
31-56 
(K) 
The terms and conditions of the Notes issued by Gas Natural Fenosa Finance B.V. of the base 
prospectus dated 12 December 2014 relating to the Programme………………………............. 
34-66 
(L) 
The terms and conditions of the Notes issued by Gas Natural Fenosa Finance B.V. of the base 
prospectus dated 2 December 2015 relating to the Programme………………………………... 
33-69 
(M) 
The terms and conditions of the Notes issued by Gas Natural Fenosa Finance B.V. and Gas 
Natural Capital Markets, S.A. of the base prospectus dated 2 December 2016 relating to the 
Programme………………………………………………………………………………….….. 
34-103 
(N) 
The terms and conditions of the Notes issued by Gas Natural Fenosa Finance B.V. and Gas 
Natural Capital Markets, S.A. of the base prospectus dated 30 November 2017 relating to the 
Programme………………………………………………………………………………….….. 
37-104 
(O) 
The terms and conditions of the Notes issued by Naturgy Finance B.V. and Naturgy Capital 
Markets, S.A. of the base prospectus dated 21 December 2018 relating to the Programme.….. 
39-106 
(P) 
The terms and conditions of the Notes issued by Naturgy Finance B.V. of the base prospectus 
dated 3 April 2020 relating to the Programme.…..…………………………………………….. 
35-67

--- Page 37 ---
30 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES ISSUED BY NATURGY FINANCE B.V. 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued by Naturgy 
Finance B.V. under the Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will 
differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent 
described in the Base Prospectus dated 3 December 2021 relating to the Notes, under “Form of the Notes”. 
Naturgy Finance B.V. and Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. have established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to €12,000,000,000 in aggregate nominal amount 
of Notes (the “Notes”) guaranteed by Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may comprise one 
or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of final terms (the “Final 
Terms”) which completes these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”). The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms. All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the subject of 
the relevant Final Terms. The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated agency agreement dated on 
or about 3 December 2021 (the “Agency Agreement”, which expression shall include any further 
amendments or supplements thereto) and made between Naturgy Finance B.V. (the “Issuer”), Naturgy 
Capital Markets, S.A., Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. as Guarantor (the “Guarantor”), Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch in its capacity as Agent (the “Agent” or “Calculation Agent”, which expressions shall 
include any successor to Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its capacity as such) and the Paying Agents 
named therein (the “Paying Agents”, which expression shall include the Agent and any substitute or 
additional Paying Agents appointed in accordance with the Agency Agreement). The Notes, the Receipts 
and the Coupons (each as defined below) also have the benefit of a deed of covenant (the “Deed of 
Covenant”, which expression shall include any amendments or supplements thereto) dated on or about 3 
December 2021 executed by the Issuer in relation to the Notes. The Guarantor has, for the benefit of the 
holders of the Notes from time to time (the “Noteholders”), executed and delivered a deed of guarantee 
(the “Deed of Guarantee”) dated on or about 3 December 2021 under which it has guaranteed the due and 
punctual payment of all amounts due by the Issuer under the Notes and the Deed of Covenant as and when 
the same shall become due and payable. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) have interest 
coupons (“Coupons”) and, if indicated in the applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) 
attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Definitive Notes repayable in instalments have 
receipts (“Receipts”) for the payment of the instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) 
attached on issue. 
Copies of the Deed of Covenant, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee and the Final Terms 
applicable to the Notes are available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of 
each of the Paying Agents, save that any Final Terms relating to an unlisted Note of a Series will only be 
available for inspection by a Noteholder holding one or more unlisted Notes of that Series and such 
Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent as to its identity. If the Notes 
are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable 
Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu. All 
persons from time to time entitled to the benefit of obligations under any Notes are deemed to have notice 
of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Deed of Covenant, the Agency Agreement, 
the Deed of Guarantee and the applicable Final Terms, which are binding on them. 
Words and expressions defined in the Deed of Covenant, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee 
or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless 
the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency, 
the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered in the Specified 
Currency and the Specified Denomination(s), provided that in the case of any Notes which are to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the 
public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified

--- Page 38 ---
31 
Denomination shall be euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue 
of those Notes). Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another 
Denomination. 
So long as the Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note and 
the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, the Notes will be tradeable only (a) if the Specified 
Denomination stated in the relevant Final Terms is “euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency)”, in the authorised denomination of euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) 
and integral multiples of euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) thereafter, or (b) if 
the Specified Denomination stated in the relevant Final Terms is “euro 100,000 (or its equivalent 
in another currency) and integral multiples of euro 1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) 
in excess thereof”, in the minimum authorised denomination of euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in 
another currency) and higher integral multiples of euro 1,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency), notwithstanding that no definitive Notes will be issued with a denomination above euro 
199,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery. Subject 
as set out below, the Issuer, the Guarantor, and any Paying Agent may deem and treat (and no such 
person will be liable for so deeming and treating) the bearer of any Note, Receipt or Coupon as 
the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership 
or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case 
of any global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note, each person who is for the time 
being shown in the records of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) or of Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) as the holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes (in 
which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be deemed to be the holder of 
such nominal amount of Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal 
or interest on the Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant global Note shall be deemed 
to be the holder of such nominal amount of Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of 
the relevant global Note (and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly). Notes which are represented by a global Note will be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context 
so permits, except in relation to Notes issued in NGN form, be deemed to include a reference to 
any additional or alternative clearance system approved by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Agent. 
2. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and the relative Receipts and Coupons (if any) are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer ranking pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and (subject to any applicable statutory 
exceptions) at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. 
3. 
Status of the Deed of Guarantee 
The payment of principal and interest together with all other sums payable by the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes has been unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor. The 
obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the 
Guarantor and (subject to any applicable statutory exceptions) rank pari passu with all other 
present and future outstanding, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Guarantor, under the Spanish Recast Insolvency Law 
approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (the “Spanish Recast Insolvency Law”),

--- Page 39 ---
32 
claims under the Guarantee relating to the Notes (unless they qualify by law as subordinated 
credits under Article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law) will be ordinary credits (créditos ordinarios) 
as defined in the Spanish Recast Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits rank below credits against the 
insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and credits with a general or special privilege (créditos 
con privilegio general o especial). Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits and the rights 
of shareholders. Interest on the Notes (other than interest accruing under secured liabilities up to 
an amount equal to the lower of the value of the asset subject to the security or the maximum 
secured liability under the relevant security) accrued but unpaid as at the commencement of any 
insolvency proceeding (concurso) relating to the Issuer under Spanish law shall thereupon 
constitute subordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking below its unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations. Under Spanish law, accrual of interest on the Notes shall be suspended as from the 
date of any declaration of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer.  
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement): 
(a) 
neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall create or permit to subsist any Security Interest 
(other than a Permitted Security Interest) upon the whole or any part of its present or 
future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Relevant Indebtedness; and 
(b) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall procure that none of their respective Subsidiaries will 
create or permit to subsist any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security Interest) 
upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues 
(including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any 
Relevant Indebtedness, 
without at the same time or prior thereto (i) securing the Notes and/or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor’s obligations under the Deed of Guarantee, equally and rateably therewith or (ii) 
providing such other security for the Notes and/or, as the case may be, the Guarantor’s obligations 
under the Deed of Guarantee, as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in 
the Agency Agreement) of Noteholders. 
In these Conditions: 
“Guarantee” means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another 
Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to 
purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such 
Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such 
Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, 
in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be 
treated as finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the 
payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and

--- Page 40 ---
33 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward 
sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
“Permitted Security Interest” means: 
(a) 
in relation to the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries: 
(i) 
any Security Interest arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of 
business of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries which does not (either alone or 
together with any one or more other such Security Interests) materially impair 
the operation of such business and which has not been enforced against the 
assets to which it attaches; and  
(ii) 
any Security Interest that does not fall within sub-paragraph (i) above and that 
secures Relevant Indebtedness which, when aggregated with Relevant 
Indebtedness secured by all other Security Interests permitted under this sub-
paragraph, does not exceed euro 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies); and 
(b) 
in relation to the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries: 
(i) 
any Security Interest in existence on 29 October 1999 to the extent that it secures 
Relevant Indebtedness outstanding on such date; 
(ii) 
any Security Interest arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of 
business of the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries which does not (either alone 
or together with any one or more other such Security Interests) materially impair 
the operation of such business and which has not been enforced against the 
assets to which it attaches; 
(iii) 
any Security Interest to secure Project Finance Debt; 
(iv) 
any Security Interest created in respect of Relevant Indebtedness of an entity 
that has merged with, or has been acquired (whether in whole or in part) by, the 
Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries, provided that such Security Interest: 
(A) 
was in existence at the time of such merger or acquisition;  
(B) 
was not created for the purpose of providing security in respect of the 
financing of such merger or acquisition; and  
(C) 
is not increased in amount or otherwise extended following such 
merger or acquisition other than pursuant to a legal or contractual 
obligation (x) which was assumed (by operation of law, agreement or 
otherwise) prior to such merger or acquisition by an entity which, at 
such time, was not a Subsidiary of the Guarantor, and (y) which 
remains legally binding on such entity at the time of such merger or 
acquisition; and 
(v) 
any Security Interest that does not fall within sub-paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) 
above and that secures Relevant Indebtedness which, when aggregated with 
Relevant Indebtedness secured by all other Security Interests permitted under 
this sub-paragraph, does not exceed euro 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies); 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
“Project Finance Assets” means the assets (including, for the avoidance of doubt, shares (or other 
interests)) of a Project Finance Entity; 
“Project Finance Entity” means any entity in which the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries holds 
an interest whose only assets and business are constituted by: (i) the ownership, creation,

--- Page 41 ---
34 
development, construction, improvement, exploitation or operation of one or more of such entity’s 
assets, or (ii) shares (or other interests) in the capital of other entities that satisfy limb (i) of this 
definition; 
“Project Finance Debt” means any Relevant Indebtedness: 
(a) 
incurred by a Project Finance Entity in respect of the activities of such entity or another 
Project Finance Entity in which it holds shares (or other interests); or 
(b) 
any Subsidiary formed exclusively for the purpose of financing a Project Finance Entity, 
where, in each case, the holders of such Relevant Indebtedness have no recourse against the 
Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries (or its or their respective assets), except for recourse to (y) the 
Project Finance Assets of such Project Finance Entities; and (z) in the case of (b) above only, the 
Subsidiary incurring such Relevant Indebtedness. 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any 
bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is 
capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market 
(including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market); 
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
and 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”) at any particular time, any 
other Person (the “second Person”): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether 
by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, fully consolidated with those of the first Person. 
5. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
(i) 
Each Fixed Rate Note shall bear interest on its nominal amount from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date (which shall be the date of issue 
thereof or such other date as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) in 
respect thereof at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate(s) of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms and on the Maturity Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms if that date does not fall on an Interest 
Payment Date. 
(ii) 
The first payment of interest will be made on the Interest Payment Date next 
following the Interest Commencement Date and, if the period between the 
Interest Commencement Date and the first Interest Payment Date is different 
from the periods between Interest Payment Dates, will amount to the initial 
Broken Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. If the Maturity Date is 
not an Interest Payment Date, interest from, and including, the preceding Interest 
Payment Date (or from the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be) 
to, but excluding, the Maturity Date will amount to the final Broken Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an 
Interest Payment Date, such interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest to each Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable 
Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of 
the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.

--- Page 42 ---
35 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will 
amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period of other than a full year, such 
interest shall be calculated using the applicable Day Count Fraction pursuant to 
Condition 5(e) (Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest 
Amount). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and such interest will be payable in arrear on each interest payment 
date (each a “Specified Interest Payment Date”) which (save as otherwise 
mentioned in these Conditions or the applicable Final Terms) falls the number 
of months or other period specified as the Interest Period in the applicable Final 
Terms after the preceding Specified Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the 
First Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
If a business day convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if 
any Specified Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not 
a Business Day (as defined below), then, if the business day convention 
specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Interest Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 5(b)(i) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Specified 
Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event: (A) such Specified Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; and (B) 
each subsequent Specified Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms 
after the preceding applicable Specified Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Specified Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Specified 
Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event such Specified Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Specified Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day. 
(ii) 
Business Day means:  
(A) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday 
or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in the principal financial centre for such 
currency; and/or  
(B) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System (as defined in 
Condition 5(b)(v)) is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”); and/or

--- Page 43 ---
36 
(C) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the 
Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of 
the Business Centres.  
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iv) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (iii), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent or other person 
specified in the applicable Final Terms under an interest rate swap transaction 
if the Calculation Agent or that other person were acting as Calculation Agent 
for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (the “ISDA Definitions”), and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period equal to that Interest Period; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is either: (i) if the applicable Floating Rate 
Option is based on the Eurozone interbank market (“EURIBOR”)) for 
a currency, the first day of that Interest Period; or (ii) in any other case, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For purposes of this sub-paragraph (iii), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Where this sub-paragraph (iii) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest 
Period, the Calculation Agent will be deemed to have discharged its obligations 
under paragraph (g) below in respect of the determination of the Rate of Interest 
if it has determined the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period in the 
manner provided in this sub-paragraph (iii). 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant 
Screen Page (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms)), expressed as 
a percentage rate per annum; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, 
with 0.00005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum), 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for that Interest Period which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00a.m. (London 
time or, where the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If 
five or more such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page,

--- Page 44 ---
37 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no 
such quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three of such 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at such time, the Issuer or an agent on 
its behalf shall request the principal London office of each of the Reference 
Banks (as defined below) or, in the case of the determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal office of each of four EURIBOR Reference Banks (as defined below) 
to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for the 
relevant Interest Period to leading banks in the London inter-bank market (or, in 
the case of the determination of EURIBOR, where the Reference Rate of 
EURIBOR is used for Notes denominated or payable in euro, the Eurozone 
interbank market) as at 11.00 a.m. (London time or, where the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR, Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If 
two or more of the Reference Banks or, as the case may be, EURIBOR 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
or, as the case may be, EURIBOR Reference Banks, provides the Calculation 
Agent with such an offered quotation as provided above, the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
the rates, as communicated to the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or, 
as the case may be, EURIBOR Reference Banks, or any two or more of them, 
at which such banks were offered, as at 11.00a.m. (London time or, where the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest 
Period by leading banks in the London inter-bank market (or, in the case of the 
determination of EURIBOR, where the Reference Rate of EURIBOR is used for 
Notes denominated or payable in euro, the Eurozone interbank market) plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) or, if 
fewer than two of the Reference Banks or, as the case may be, EURIBOR 
Reference Banks, provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest 
Period, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period, at which, 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank 
or banks is or are suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is 
quoting to leading banks in the London inter-bank market (or, in the case of the 
determination of EURIBOR, the Eurozone interbank market) (or, as the case 
may be, the quotations of such bank or banks to the Calculation Agent) plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), provided 
that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this sub-paragraph (iv), the Rate of Interest shall be the 
sum of the Margin and the offered rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic 
mean of the offered rates last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of 
the preceding Interest Period. 
In these Conditions: 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of (A) above, those banks whose offered rate was 
used to determine such quotation when such quotation last appeared on the Relevant 
Screen Page and, in the case of (B) above, those banks whose offered quotations last

--- Page 45 ---
38 
appeared on the Relevant Screen Page when no fewer than three such offered quotations 
appeared; 
“EURIBOR Reference Bank” means a major bank operating in the Eurozone interbank 
market and “EURIBOR Reference Banks” shall be construed accordingly; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, 
(i) the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the 
second Business Day in London prior to the commencement of such Interest Period if the 
Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the second TARGET Business Day 
prior to the commencement of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is euro; and 
“TARGET system” means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (known as TARGET 2) System which was launched on 19 November 
2007, or any successor thereto.  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is SONIA, the foregoing provisions of Condition 
5(b)(v) will not apply and the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period will, subject 
as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA with respect to such Interest Period 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any). 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period (with the 
daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period means 
the number of calendar days from and including such day “i” up to but excluding 
the following London Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means the period from and including the date falling five 
London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and 
the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling five London Banking Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling 
five London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
“SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for

--- Page 46 ---
39 
such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors, in each case (on the London Banking Day immediately 
following such London Banking Day); and 
“SONIAi” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i”, the SONIA 
reference rate for that day. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded 
Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA reference rate in respect of any 
London Banking Day. The SONIA reference rate applied to a day that is a non-
London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA reference rate for 
the previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
Subject to Condition 5(i), if, in respect of any London Banking Day in the 
relevant Observation Period, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA 
reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise 
been published by the relevant authorised distributors, the SONIA reference rate 
shall be: 
(A) 
the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close 
of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of 
the spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five days on which a SONIA reference rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread 
(or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads) to the Bank Rate, each as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA reference 
rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London 
Banking Day on which the SONIA reference rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors). 
If the relevant Series become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11 
(Events of Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding 
any Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms be 
deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the 
Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remain 
outstanding, be that determined on such date.  
(c) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such 
Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the due date for its redemption unless, upon 
due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such 
event, interest will continue to accrue thereon (as well after as before any demand or 
judgement) at the rate then applicable to the principal amount of the Notes or such other 
rate as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms until the date on which, upon (except 
in the case of any payment where presentation and/or surrender of the relevant Note is 
not required as a precondition of payment) due presentation of the relevant Note, the 
relevant payment is made or, if earlier (except in the case of any payment where 
presentation and/or surrender of the relevant Note is not required as a precondition of 
payment), the seventh day after the date on which the Agent having received the funds 
required to make such payment, notice is given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices) of that circumstance (except to the extent that there is failure in 
the subsequent payment thereof to the relevant Noteholder).

--- Page 47 ---
40 
(d) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of any such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the above provisions is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest. If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of any such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the above provisions is greater than such Maximum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest. 
(e) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount 
With respect to Floating Rate Notes, the Calculation Agent will, at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine 
the Rate of Interest and calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable 
in respect of any Notes in respect of each Calculation Amount (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) for the relevant Interest Period. 
Each Interest Amount for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes shall be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest to each Calculation Amount multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit 
of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, 
the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366; and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if “30/360, 360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 –D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls;

--- Page 48 ---
41 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D2 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
In these Conditions “sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
(v) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 –D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 –D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls;

--- Page 49 ---
42 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February; or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) such day is the last day of February 
but not the Maturity Date; or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable: 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product 
of (1) the actual number of days in such Calculation Period; and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods in any period of one year; and 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(i) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Determination Period; and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods in any period of one year; and 
(ii) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in 
such Determination Period; and (2) the number of Determination Periods in any 
period of one year. 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date;  
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date(s) or the Specified Interest Payment 
Dates, as the case may be; and 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the 
Notes and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(f) 
Change of Interest Basis 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
the Final Terms will indicate the relevant Interest Periods to which the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions, Floating Rate Note Provisions and/or Zero Coupon Note Provisions shall 
apply. 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date or Specified Interest Payment 
Date, as the case may be, to be notified to the Issuer, the Guarantor and, if the Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange, quotation system or other relevant authority and the rules of 
such exchange, quotation system or other relevant authority so require, to any such 
relevant exchange, quotation system and/or other relevant authority, and to be published 
in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination 
but (i) in no event later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period thereafter, if 
determined prior to such time or (ii) in all other cases, as soon as practicable but in no 
event later than the fourth Business Day after such determination. Each Interest Amount 
and Interest Payment Date or Specified Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by

--- Page 50 ---
43 
way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. If the Notes are listed on a stock exchange, quotation system or other 
relevant authority and the rules of such exchange, quotation system or other relevant 
authority so require, any such amendment will be promptly notified to any such relevant 
exchange, quotation system and/or other relevant authority. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5 shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Agent, the Paying Agents and all Noteholders and (in 
the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Noteholders shall 
attach to the Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by them of their 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(i) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(i)(ii)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Conditions 5(i)(iii) and 5(i)(iv)). In making such determination, 
the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(i) shall act in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence 
of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever 
to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 5(i).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(i) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in 
place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Series for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to 
the first Interest Period). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above paragraph shall apply to the relevant next 
succeeding Interest Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual 
Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided 
in, the first paragraph of this Condition 5(i)(i).  
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, determines 
that:

--- Page 51 ---
44 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(i)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 5(i)).  
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, determines 
that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be), the Independent Adviser, following 
consultation with the Issuer, shall determine the quantum of, or the formula or 
methodology for determining, the Adjustment Spread and such Adjustment 
Spread shall then be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread.  
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(i) and the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the 
Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(i)(v) 
(Notices, etc.), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect 
to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(i)(iv), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
The Paying Agents shall not be obliged to effect any Benchmark Amendment if 
in the sole opinion of the relevant Paying Agent doing so would impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities 
or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the 
relevant Paying Agent in these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement in any 
way. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5(i) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, 
in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(i), if following the 
determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or

--- Page 52 ---
45 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is 
any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making 
any determination or calculation under this Condition 5(i), the Calculation 
Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the 
Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. 
If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is 
otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify 
the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make 
such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, 
wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so.  
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(i)(i) 
(Independent Adviser), (ii) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate), (iii) 
(Adjustment Spread) and (iv) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference 
Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5(b)(v) (Screen Rate 
Determination for Floating Rate Notes) will continue to apply unless and until 
a Benchmark Event has occurred.  
(vii) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 5(i): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (i) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (ii) 
a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or  
(b) 
if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the 
Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, determines, is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or  
(c) 
if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the 
Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 5(i)(ii) is customarily applied in international debt capital 
markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(i)(iv) (Benchmark 
Amendments); 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five (5) 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased 
or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or

--- Page 53 ---
46 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor 
to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or  
(f) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any 
other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate; 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (A) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (b) and (c) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, 
(B) in the case of sub-paragraph (d) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the 
Original Reference Rate and (C) in the case of sub-paragraph (e) above, on the date with 
effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by 
the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market 
and which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of 
the relevant public statement; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
5(i)(i); 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes or 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (or, in each case any component thereof), as applicable; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note 
will be redeemed by the Issuer, failing which the Guarantor at its Final Redemption 
Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms 
in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (in the case of a Note other than a Floating Rate Note) or on the Specified Interest 
Payment Date falling in the Redemption Month specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(in the case of a Floating Rate Note). Such Final Redemption Amount in respect of any 
Note shall be its principal amount or such higher amount as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 54 ---
47 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
If, in relation to any Series of Notes (i) as a result of any change in the laws or regulations 
of The Netherlands or the Kingdom of Spain, as applicable, or of any political subdivision 
thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or in the 
interpretation or administration of any such laws or regulations which becomes effective 
on or after the date of issue of such Notes or any earlier date specified in the Final Terms 
the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, would be required to pay additional amounts 
as provided in Condition 10 (Taxation) and (ii) such circumstances are evidenced by the 
delivery by the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, to the Agent of a certificate signed 
by two managing directors of the Issuer or two directors of the Guarantor, as applicable, 
stating that such circumstances prevail and describing the facts leading thereto and an 
opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that such 
circumstances prevail, the Issuer may, at its option and having given no less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days’ notice (ending, in the case of Notes which bear interest at a floating 
rate, on a day upon which interest is payable) to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) 
of the outstanding Notes comprising the relevant Series at their early tax redemption 
amount (the “Early Redemption Amount Tax”) (which shall be their principal amount 
or at such other Early Redemption Amount Tax as may be specified in or determined in 
accordance with the relevant Final Terms) less, in the case of any Instalment Note, the 
aggregate amount of all instalments that shall have become due and payable in respect of 
such Note prior to the date fixed for redemption under any other Condition (which 
amount, if and to the extent not then paid, remains due and payable), together with 
accrued interest (if any) thereon, provided, however, that no such notice of redemption 
may be given earlier than 90 days (or, in the case of Notes which bear interest at a floating 
rate a number of days which is equal to the aggregate of the number of days falling within 
the then current interest period applicable to the Notes plus 60 days) prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
may, having (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) given not more 
than 60 nor less than 30 days’ notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all or some only 
of the Notes then outstanding on the Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date(s). In the event of a redemption of some only of 
the Notes, such redemption must be of a nominal amount being the Minimum 
Redemption Amount or a Maximum Redemption Amount, both as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of definitive Notes, the Notes 
to be redeemed will be selected individually by lot, subject to compliance with applicable 
law and the rules of each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if 
any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation, not 
more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and a list of the Notes called for 
redemption will be published in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) not less than 30 
days prior to such date. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes which are represented 
by a global Note, the relevant Notes will be selected in accordance with the rules of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, 
at their discretion). 
(d) 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) (which notice shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption (the “Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption 
Date”)), redeem all (but not only some) of the outstanding Notes comprising the relevant

--- Page 55 ---
48 
Series at their principal amount together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the 
Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption Date, which shall be no earlier than (i) three 
months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of not more than 
ten years or (ii) six months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity 
of more than ten years, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than ten years or 
the maturity of more than ten years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(e) 
Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event 
If a Substantial Purchase Event is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable and a 
Substantial Purchase Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject 
to having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Agent, and, in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), redeem the Notes comprising the relevant Series in whole, but not in part, 
in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in each case at their principal amount, 
together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
a “Substantial Purchase Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if at least 80 per cent. 
of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series originally issued 
(which for these purposes shall include any further Notes of the same Series issued 
subsequently) is purchased or redeemed by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary 
of the Guarantor (and in each case is cancelled in accordance with Condition 6(l) 
(Cancellation); 
(f) 
Make-Whole Redemption 
If a Make-Whole Redemption is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
then the Issuer may, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives and on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Agent, and, 
in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders redeem the Notes comprising 
the relevant Series, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time (but no later than 
the Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption Date (as defined in Condition 6(d) 
(Residual Maturity Call Option) above) if applicable), prior to their Maturity Date (the 
“Make-Whole Redemption Date”) at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount (as 
defined below). 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed 
Notes”) will (i) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be 
selected individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption 
and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note, be selected in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected 
in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), in each case of (i) and (ii) above, always 
subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. In the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of 
such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) not 
less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Amount” means in respect of any Notes to be redeemed an 
amount, calculated by, at the election of the Issuer, a leading investment, merchant or 
commercial bank or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer for the purposes of calculating the relevant amount, and notified 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), equal to the greater of (x)

--- Page 56 ---
49 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum of the 
then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such 
Notes (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant 
Make-Whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption 
Date on an annual basis at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate (specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin (specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), plus in each case of (x) and (y) above, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders 
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, upon any 
Noteholder giving to the Issuer and the Guarantor in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices) not more than 60 nor less than 30 days’ notice (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem subject to, and in 
accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms in whole (but not in 
part) such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms 
together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. 
(h) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control 
If a Change of Control Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable and a Change of Control occurs and, during the Change of Control Period, a 
Rating Downgrade occurs (together, a “Change of Control Event”), each holder of 
Notes will have the option (the “Change of Control Put Option”) to require the Issuer 
to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, to procure the purchase of such Notes on the Change 
of Control Redemption Date at the Change of Control Redemption Amount.  
A “Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred at each time that any person 
or persons acting in concert (“Relevant Persons”) or any person or persons acting on 
behalf of such Relevant Persons, acquire(s) control, directly or indirectly, of the 
Guarantor. 
“control” means: (a) the acquisition or control of more than 50 per cent. of the voting 
rights of the issued share capital of the Guarantor; or (b) the right to appoint and/or 
remove all or the majority of the members of the Guarantor’s Board of Directors or other 
governing body, whether obtained directly or indirectly, whether obtained by ownership 
of share capital, the possession of voting rights, contract or otherwise. 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the date on which the 
relevant Change of Control occurs or the date of the first relevant Potential Change of 
Control Announcement, whichever is the earlier, and ending on the date which is 90 days 
after the date of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control. 
“Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public announcement or 
statement by the Issuer or any actual or bona fide potential bidder relating to any potential 
Change of Control. 
“Rating Agency” means any of the following: (a) Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, a 
division of The McGraw Hill Companies, Inc. (“S&P”); (b) Moody’s Investors Service 
Limited (“Moody’s”); (c) Fitch Ratings Ltd (“Fitch Ratings”); or (d) any other credit 
rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from time to time by the 
Issuer and, in each case, their respective successors or affiliates. 
A “Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of 
Control if, within the Change of Control Period, the rating previously assigned to the 
Guarantor is lowered by at least two full rating notches (by way of example, BB+ to BB-
, in the case of S&P) (a “downgrade”) or withdrawn, in each case, by the requisite 
number of Rating Agencies (as defined below), and is not, within the Change of Control 
Period, subsequently upgraded (in the case of a downgrade) or reinstated (in the case of 
a withdrawal) to its earlier credit rating or better, such that there is no longer a downgrade

--- Page 57 ---
50 
or withdrawal by the requisite number of Rating Agencies. For these purposes, the 
“requisite number of Rating Agencies” shall mean (i) at least two Rating Agencies, if, 
at the time of the rating downgrade or withdrawal, three or more Rating Agencies have 
assigned a credit rating to the Guarantor, or (ii) at least one Rating Agency if, at the time 
of the rating downgrade or withdrawal, fewer than three Rating Agencies have assigned 
a credit rating to the Guarantor. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred 
in respect of a particular Change of Control if (a) following such a downgrade, the 
Guarantor is still assigned an Investment Grade Rating by one or more of the Rating 
Agencies effecting the downgrade, or (b) the Rating Agencies effecting the downgrade 
or withdrawing their rating do not publicly announce or otherwise confirm in writing to 
the Issuer that such reduction or withdrawal was the result, in whole or part, of any event 
or circumstance comprised in, or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable 
Change of Control. 
“Investment Grade Rating” means: (1) with respect to S&P, any of the categories from 
and including AAA to and including BBB- (or equivalent successor categories); (2) with 
respect to Moody’s, any of the categories from and including Aaa to and including Baa3 
(or equivalent successor categories); (3) with respect to Fitch Ratings, any of the 
categories from and including AAA to and including BBB- (or equivalent successor 
categories); and (4) with respect to any other credit rating agency of equivalent 
international standing specified from time to time by the Issuer, a rating that is equivalent 
to, or better than, the foregoing. 
“Change of Control Redemption Amount” means an amount equal to par plus interest 
accrued to but excluding the Change of Control Redemption Date. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Event has occurred, 
the Issuer shall give notice (a “Change of Control Event Notice”) to the Agent, the 
Paying Agents and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) specifying 
the nature of the Change of Control Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the 
procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option, as well as the date upon 
which the Put Period (as defined below) will end and the Change of Control Redemption 
Date (as defined below). 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option to require redemption or, as the case may 
be, purchase of a Note under this section, the holder of that Note must transfer or cause 
to be transferred its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Paying 
Agent specified in the Put Option Notice for the account of the Issuer within the period 
(the “Put Period”) of 45 days after the Change of Control Event Notice is given together 
with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Put Option 
Notice”) and in which the holder may specify a bank account to which payment is to be 
made under this section. 
The Issuer shall redeem or, at the option of the Issuer, procure the purchase of the Notes 
in respect of which the Change of Control Put Option has been validly exercised as 
provided above, and subject to the transfer of such Notes to the account of the Paying 
Agent for the account of the Issuer as described above on the date which is the fifth 
Business Day following the end of the Put Period (the “Change of Control Redemption 
Date”). Payment in respect of any Note so transferred will be made in the relevant 
Specified Currency to the holder to the relevant Specified Currency denominated bank 
account in the Put Option Notice on the Change of Control Redemption Date via the 
relevant account holders. 
If 80 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes outstanding of a Series at the 
beginning of the Change of Control Period have been redeemed or purchased pursuant to 
the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6(h) (Redemption at the Option of the 
Noteholders upon a Change of Control), the Issuer may, at its option, on not less than 
five nor more than 10 Business Days’ notice to the Noteholders given in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices) within 60 days after the Change of Control Redemption Date,

--- Page 58 ---
51 
redeem or, at its option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) all (but not some only) of 
the remaining Notes of that Series, each at par together with (or, where purchased, 
together with an amount equal to) interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of such 
redemption or purchase. 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purposes of this Condition 6, Zero Coupon Notes will be redeemed at an amount 
equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable, 
or such other amount as is provided in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where any calculation of an early redemption amount is to be made for a period which 
is not a whole number of years, the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full 
year shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days 
each and, in the case of an incomplete month, the number of days elapsed. 
(j) 
Instalments 
If the Notes are repayable in instalments, they will be repaid in the Instalment Amounts 
and on the Instalment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(k) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor may at any time purchase 
Notes (together, in the case of definitive Notes, with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons 
appertaining thereto) in any manner and at any price. In the case of a purchase by tender, 
such tender must be made available to all Noteholders alike. The Issuer, the Guarantor or 
any Subsidiary of the Guarantor will be entitled to hold and deal with Notes so purchased 
as the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Subsidiary of the Guarantor thinks fit. 
(l) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed in full will forthwith be cancelled and Notes which are 
purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor 
may, at the election of the Issuer, be cancelled (together in each case with all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons attached thereto or delivered therewith). Notes purchased by or on 
behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor may not be reissued 
or resold other than to the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor. 
(m) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to this Condition 6 or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 11 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, the 
amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount 
calculated as provided in paragraph (i) above as though the references therein to the date 
fixed for redemption or the date upon which the Zero Coupon Note becomes due and 
repayable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of the Zero Coupon Note have been 
paid; and 
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by 
the Agent and notice to that effect has been given in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices).

--- Page 59 ---
52 
7. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a currency other than euro will be made by transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or by a cheque 
in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of 
the country of such Specified Currency; and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) maintained by the payee 
with a bank in the Eurozone. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10 
(Taxation). 
In these Conditions: 
“Eurozone” means the zone comprising the Participating Member States; 
“Participating Member State” means a Member State of the European Union that 
adopts or has adopted the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; and 
“Treaty” means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended. 
(b) 
Presentation of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above against surrender of definitive Notes 
and payments of interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) 
be made as aforesaid against surrender of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States. 
Payments of instalments (if any) of principal, other than the final instalment, will (subject 
as provided below) be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipt. 
Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the 
definitive Note to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive Notes to 
which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on 
which any definitive Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) 
appertaining thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall 
be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include 
Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons) failing which the amount 
of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the 
same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid 
bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of 
principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of 
the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 10 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not 
such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 14 (Prescription)) or, 
if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become 
due. Upon any Fixed Rate Note becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note in definitive form becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof.

--- Page 60 ---
53 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date or 
a Specified Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from 
(and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or Specified Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant definitive Note. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any global 
Note will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation 
to definitive Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant global Note, 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such global Note (if it is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form), at the specified office of the Agent. A record of each 
payment made against presentation or surrender of such global Note, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such 
global Note by the Agent and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment 
in question has been made. 
The holder of the relevant global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive 
payments in respect of Notes represented by such global Note and the Issuer or, as the 
case may be, the Guarantor will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder 
of such global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of the relevant global Note. No person other 
than the holder of the relevant global Note shall have any claim against the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, the Guarantor in respect of any payments due on that global Note. 
Payments of interest in respect of the Notes will be made at the specified office of a 
Paying Agent in the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United 
States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)) if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able 
to make payment at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such interest at such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in 
the opinion of the Issuer and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the 
Issuer. 
(c) 
Redenomination 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the holders of related Receipts 
or Coupons on giving at least 30 days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices), elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date specified in 
the notice, the Notes shall be redenominated in euro. The election will have effect as 
follows: 
(i) 
each Specified Denomination will be deemed to be denominated in such amount 
of euro as is equivalent to its denomination in the Specified Currency at the 
Established Rate, subject to such provisions (if any) as to rounding (and 
payments in respect of fractions consequent on rounding) as the Issuer may 
decide, and as may be specified in the notice; 
(ii) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, the 
Receipts and the Coupons will be made solely in euro, including payments of 
interest in respect of periods before the Redenomination Date, as though 
references in the Notes to the Specified Currency were to euro; and

--- Page 61 ---
54 
(iii) 
such changes shall be made to these Conditions as the Issuer may decide and as 
may be specified in the notice, to conform them to conventions then applicable 
to instruments denominated in euro or to enable the Notes to be consolidated 
with one or more issues of other notes, whether or not originally denominated 
in the Specified Currency or euro. 
(d) 
Exchangeability 
The Issuer may without the consent of the Noteholders or the holders of related Receipts 
or Coupons, on giving at least 30 days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices), elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date or such later 
date for payment of interest under the Notes as it may specify in the notice, the Notes 
shall be exchangeable for Notes expressed to be denominated in euro in accordance with 
such arrangements as the Issuer may decide and as may be specified in the notice, 
including arrangements under which Receipts and Coupons unmatured at the date so 
specified become void. 
In this Condition, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Established Rate” means the rate for conversion of the Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European 
Community regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union 
pursuant to Article 109(4) of the Treaty; and 
“Redenomination Date” means any date for payment of interest under the Notes 
specified by the Issuer which falls on or after the date on which the country of the 
Specified Currency adopts the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty. 
(e) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, “Payment Day” means any day which is both: 
(i) 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for 
business in 
(A) 
the relevant place of presentation; and 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in the principal financial centre of the relevant Specified Currency (if 
other than London and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
shall be Melbourne) or (2) in relation to notes denominated in euro, a day on 
which the TARGET System (as defined in Condition 50) is operating. 
(f) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 10 (Taxation); 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;

--- Page 62 ---
55 
(v) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable under or in respect 
of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to 
interest under Condition 10 (Taxation). 
8. 
Agent and Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Agent and the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are 
set out below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent 
and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office 
through which any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, there will at all times be a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations 
of the relevant listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system; 
(b) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office acting in continental 
Europe; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be an Agent. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified 
office in New York City in the circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 7(b) 
(Presentation of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons). Any variation, termination, appointment 
or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate 
effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) provided that no such variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall take effect (except in the case of insolvency) within 15 
days before or after any Interest Payment Date or Specified Interest Payment Date, as the case 
may be. 
9. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date or the Specified Interest Payment Date, as appropriate, on 
which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part 
of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Agent or any Paying Agent 
in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include 
Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Notes to 
which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 13 (Replacement of 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons). Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Conditions, be 
deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date or the Specified Interest Payment Date (as the case 
may be) on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
10. 
Taxation 
All amounts payable (whether in respect of principal, redemption amount, interest or otherwise) 
in respect of the Notes will be made free and clear of and without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of The Netherlands or the Kingdom of Spain, as the case 
may be, or any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges is required by law or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the Code. In that event, the Issuer, failing which the Guarantor, will pay such additional 
amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts receivable by any Noteholder after 
such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would have been 
receivable by such Noteholder in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no

--- Page 63 ---
56 
such additional amounts shall be payable in relation to any payment in respect of any Notes 
or Coupon: 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Notes by reason of his having 
some connection with The Netherlands or, as applicable, the Kingdom of Spain other 
than the mere holding of such Notes or Coupon; or 
(b) 
presented for payment more than thirty days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent 
that the relevant Noteholder would have been entitled to such additional amounts on 
presenting the same for payment on the expiry of such period of thirty days; or 
(c) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet Bronbelasting 2021); 
(d) 
in case of unlisted notes, where such withholding or deduction of taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature is imposed, withheld or 
deducted by reason of the Noteholder failing to comply with the Guarantor’s request 
addressed to the Noteholder to provide a valid certificate of tax residence duly issued by 
the tax authorities of the country of tax residence of the Noteholder (or any other form of 
declaration, claim, certificate, document or other evidence required by the relevant taxing 
authority from time to time), which the Noteholder is required to provide by the 
applicable tax laws and regulations of the relevant taxing authority as a precondition to 
exemption from deduction or withholding of, taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatsoever nature imposed by such relevant taxing authority; or 
(e) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, “Relevant Date” means, in respect of any payment, 
the date on which such payment first becomes due and payable, but if the full amount of 
the moneys payable has not been received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it 
means the first date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received 
and being available for payment to Noteholders, notice to that effect shall have been duly 
given to the Noteholders of the relevant Series in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
If the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, becomes subject at any time to any 
taxing jurisdiction other than or in addition to The Netherlands or the Kingdom of Spain, 
as the case may be, references herein to The Netherlands and the Kingdom of Spain 
respectively shall be read and construed as references to The Netherlands or the Kingdom 
of Spain, as the case may be, and/or to such other jurisdiction. 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal, redemption amount and/or interest in 
respect of the Notes shall be deemed also to refer to any additional amounts which may 
be payable under this Condition 10. 
11. 
Events of Default 
The following events or circumstances (each an “Event of Default”) shall be acceleration events 
in relation to the Notes of any Series, namely: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes 
within 7 days of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest 
in respect of the Notes within 14 days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer or the Guarantor defaults in the performance or 
observance of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Deed of 
Guarantee and such default remains unremedied for 30 days after written notice thereof, 
addressed to the Issuer and the Guarantor by any Noteholder, has been delivered to the 
Issuer and the Guarantor or to the specified office of the Agent; or

--- Page 64 ---
57 
(c) 
Cross-default of the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Principal Subsidiary: (i) any Relevant 
Indebtedness (as defined in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or any of their respective Principal Subsidiaries is not paid when due or (as the case may 
be) within any originally applicable grace period; (ii) any such Relevant Indebtedness 
becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due and payable prior to its stated 
maturity otherwise than at the option of the Issuer, the Guarantor or (as the case may be) 
the relevant Principal Subsidiary or (provided that no event of default, howsoever 
described, has occurred) any person entitled to such Relevant Indebtedness; or (iii) the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Principal Subsidiaries fails to pay when 
due any amount payable by it under any Guarantee of any Relevant Indebtedness, 
provided that the amount of Relevant Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or 
sub-paragraph (ii) above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in 
sub-paragraph (iii) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds €75,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgement: one or more judgement(s) or order(s) for the payment of any 
amount is rendered against the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Principal 
Subsidiaries (if any) and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days after 
the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment, provided that the 
amount subject of such judgement(s) or order(s), individually or in the aggregate, exceeds 
€75,000,000; or 
(e) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other 
similar officer is appointed, of the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and 
revenues of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Principal Subsidiaries (if 
any), provided that the individual or aggregate value of all undertaking, assets and 
revenues subject to such enforcement exceeds €75,000,000; or 
(f) 
Insolvency, etc.: (i) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Principal 
Subsidiaries (if any) becomes insolvent, is adjudicated bankrupt (or applies for an order 
of bankruptcy) or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or 
liquidator of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Principal Subsidiaries (if 
any) or of the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of their respective Principal Subsidiaries (if any) is appointed (or 
application for any such appointment is made), (iii) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of 
their respective Principal Subsidiaries (if any) takes any action for a readjustment or 
deferment of any of its obligations generally or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a general 
moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness 
given by it or (iv) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Principal 
Subsidiaries (if any) ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its 
business (otherwise than, in the case of a Principal Subsidiary of the Issuer (if any) or a 
Principal Subsidiary of the Guarantor (other than the Issuer), for the purposes of, or 
pursuant to, an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(g) 
Winding up, etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding 
up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective 
Principal Subsidiaries (if any) (otherwise than, in the case of a Principal Subsidiary of 
the Issuer (if any) or a Principal Subsidiary of the Guarantor, for the purposes of or 
pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(h) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of The Netherlands or the 
Kingdom of Spain has an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs 
(d) to (g) above including, but not limited to, surseance van betaling and concurso 
respectively; or 
(i) 
Failure to take action, etc.: any action, condition or thing at any time required to be 
taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer and the Guarantor lawfully to enter 
into, exercise their respective rights and perform and comply with their respective 
obligations under and in respect of the Notes and the Deed of Guarantee, (ii) to ensure 
that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes,

--- Page 65 ---
58 
the Receipts, the Coupons and the Guarantee admissible in evidence in the courts of The 
Netherlands and the Kingdom of Spain is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(j) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or 
comply with any of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Deed of 
Guarantee; or 
(k) 
Deed of Guarantee not in force: the Deed of Guarantee is not (or is claimed by the 
Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect; or 
(l) 
Controlling shareholder: the Issuer ceases to be wholly-owned and controlled by the 
Guarantor. 
If any Event of Default shall occur in relation to any Series of Notes, any Noteholder of the relevant 
Series may, by written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, at the specified office of the Agent, 
declare that such Note and (if the Note is interest-bearing) all interest then accrued on such Note 
shall be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall become immediately due and 
payable at its early termination amount (the “Early Termination Amount”) (which shall be its 
principal amount or such other Early Termination Amount as may be specified in or determined 
in accordance with the relevant Final Terms) less, in the case of any Instalment Note, the aggregate 
amount of all instalments that shall have become due and payable in respect of such Note under 
any other Condition prior to the date fixed for redemption (which amount, if and to the extent not 
then paid, remains due and payable), together with all interest (if any) accrued thereon without 
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which the Issuer will expressly 
waive, anything contained in such Notes to the contrary notwithstanding, unless, prior thereto, all 
Events of Default in respect of the Notes of the relevant Series shall have been cured. 
In these Conditions: 
“Group” means the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries from time to time; and 
“Principal Subsidiary” means, at any time, a Subsidiary of the Guarantor whose total assets, 
income before taxes or sales (excluding intra-group items) then equal or exceed ten per cent. (10%) 
of the total assets, income before taxes or sales of the Group (on a consolidated basis) and, for this 
purpose: 
(a) 
the total assets, income before taxes and sales of a Subsidiary of the Guarantor will be 
determined from its financial statements (consolidated if it has Subsidiaries) upon which 
the latest annual audited financial statements of the Group have been based; 
(b) 
if a Subsidiary of the Company becomes a member of the Group after the date on which 
the latest audited financial statements of the Group have been prepared, the total assets, 
income before taxes and sales of that Subsidiary will be determined from its latest annual 
financial statements; 
(c) 
the total assets, income before taxes and sales of the Group will be determined from its 
latest annual audited financial statements, adjusted (where appropriate) to reflect the total 
assets, income before taxes and sales of any company or business subsequently acquired 
or disposed of; and 
(d) 
if a Principal Subsidiary disposes of all or substantially all of its assets to another 
Subsidiary of the Guarantor, the disposing Subsidiary will immediately cease to be 
Principal Subsidiary and the other Subsidiary (if it is not already) will immediately 
become a Principal Subsidiary and, for the avoidance of doubt, the subsequent financial 
statements of those Subsidiaries and the Group will be used to determine whether those 
Subsidiaries are Principal Subsidiaries or not. 
A report by the Directors of the Guarantor that, in their opinion, a Subsidiary of the Guarantor is 
or is not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Principal 
Subsidiary, accompanied by a report by the Auditors addressed to the Directors of the Guarantor 
as to proper extraction of the figures used by the Directors of the Guarantor in determining the 
Principal Subsidiaries of the Guarantor and mathematical accuracy of the calculations shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders.

--- Page 66 ---
59 
12. 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions (which shall have effect as if incorporated by 
reference herein) for convening meetings (which may be physical or virtual meetings, including 
meetings held by conference call or on a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders of any 
Series to consider any matter affecting their interests, including (without limitation) the 
modification by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined below) of these Conditions. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders of any Series will be binding 
on all Noteholders of such Series, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all holders 
of Coupons relating to Notes of such Series. 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly 
convened and held by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the persons voting 
thereat upon a show of hands or if a poll be duly demanded then by a majority consisting of not 
less than 75 per cent. of the votes given on such poll. 
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal value of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as 
valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in a single document or in 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
13. 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Agent in London (or such other place as may be notified 
to the Noteholders), subject to all applicable laws and listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system requirements upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer and the 
Guarantor may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must 
be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14. 
Prescription 
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period 
of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date 
(as defined in Condition 10 (Taxation)) therefor.  
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 14 or Condition 
7(b) (Presentation of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons) or any Talon which would be void 
pursuant to Condition 7(b) (Presentation of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons). 
15. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Notes shall be valid if published in one or more leading English language 
daily newspapers with circulation in the United Kingdom (which is expected to be the Financial 
Times) and, so long as the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and the rules of that stock exchange so require, published either on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, if such publication shall not be 
practicable, in an English language newspaper of general circulation in Europe. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once 
or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any global Note is held 
in its entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg be substituted for such 
publication as aforesaid the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for communication by them to the Noteholders in accordance with their respective 
rules and operating procedures. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Noteholders on the day on which the notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as appropriate.

--- Page 67 ---
60 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a global 
Note, such notice may be given by any Noteholder to the Agent via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders to create 
and issue further notes ranking pari passu in all respects (or in all respects save for the first 
payment of interest thereon) with the outstanding Notes and so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single series with the outstanding Notes. 
17. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may with respect to any Series of Notes issued by the Issuer 
(the “Relevant Notes”) without the consent of any Noteholder, substitute for the Issuer 
any other body corporate incorporated in any country in the world as the debtor in respect 
of the Notes and the Agency Agreement (the “Substituted Debtor”) upon notice by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and the Substituted Debtor to be given by publication in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices), provided that: 
(i) 
neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor are in default in respect of any amount 
payable under any of the Relevant Notes; 
(ii) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Substituted Debtor have entered into such 
documents (the “Documents”) as are necessary to give effect to the substitution 
and in which the Substituted Debtor has undertaken in favour of each 
Noteholder of the Relevant Notes to be bound by these Conditions and the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement as the debtor in respect of such Notes in 
place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition 17); 
(iii) 
if the Substituted Debtor is resident for tax purposes in a territory (the “New 
Residence”) other than that in which the Issuer prior to such substitution was 
resident for tax purposes (the “Former Residence”) the Documents contain an 
undertaking and/or such other provisions as may be necessary to ensure that 
each Noteholder of the Relevant Notes has the benefit of an undertaking in terms 
corresponding to the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation), with, where 
applicable, the substitution of references to the Former Residence with 
references to the New Residence; 
(iv) 
the Guarantor guarantees the obligations of the Substituted Debtor in relation to 
outstanding Relevant Notes; 
(v) 
the Substituted Debtor, the Issuer and the Guarantor have obtained all necessary 
governmental approvals and consents for such substitution and for the 
performance by the Substituted Debtor of its obligations under the Documents 
and for the performance by the Guarantor of its obligations under the Guarantee 
as they relate to the obligations of the Substituted Debtor under the Documents; 
(vi) 
each stock exchange on which the Relevant Notes are listed shall have 
confirmed that, following the proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor, 
the Relevant Notes will continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(vii) 
a legal opinion shall have been delivered to the Agent (from whom copies will 
be available) from lawyers of recognised standing in the country of 
incorporation of the Substituted Debtor, confirming, as appropriate, that upon 
the substitution taking place (A) the requirements of this Condition 17, save as 
to the giving of notice to the Noteholders have been met and (B) the Notes, 
Coupons and Talons are legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substituted 
Debtor enforceable in accordance with their terms;

--- Page 68 ---
61 
(viii) 
any Rating Agency which has issued a rating in connection with the Relevant 
Notes shall have confirmed that following the proposed substitution of the 
Substituted Debtor, the credit rating of the Relevant Notes will not be adversely 
affected; and 
(ix) 
if applicable, the Substituted Debtor has appointed a process agent as its agent 
in England to receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal 
proceedings in England arising out of or in connection with the Relevant Notes 
and any Coupons. 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Documents and the delivery of the legal opinions, the 
Substituted Debtor shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right 
and power, of the Issuer under the Relevant Notes and the Agency Agreement with the 
same effect as if the Substituted Debtor had been named as the Issuer herein, and the 
Issuer shall be released from its obligations under the Relevant Notes and under the 
Agency Agreement. 
(c) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 17(a), the Substituted Debtor may, without the 
consent of any Noteholder, effect a further substitution. All the provisions specified in 
Condition 17(a) and 17(b) shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in these 
Conditions to the Issuer shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or include 
references to any such further Substituted Debtor. 
(d) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 17(a) or 17(c) any Substituted Debtor may, 
without the consent of any Noteholder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
(e) 
The Documents shall be delivered to, and kept by, the Agent. Copies of the Documents 
will be available free of charge at the specified office of each of the Agents. 
18. 
Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed of Guarantee and the Notes and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law, save for Condition 3 (Status of the Deed of Guarantee) 
which shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Spanish law. The Issuer 
and the Guarantor irrevocably agree for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts of England 
shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceedings, and to settle any 
disputes (together, “Proceedings”), which may arise out of, or in connection with, the Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed of Guarantee and the Notes and, for such purpose, 
irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally waive and agree not to raise any 
objection which any of them may have now or subsequently to the laying of the venue of any 
Proceedings in the courts of England and any claim that any Proceedings have been brought in an 
inconvenient forum and further irrevocably and unconditionally agree that a judgement in any 
Proceedings brought in the courts of England shall be conclusive and binding upon each of them 
and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. Nothing in this Condition shall limit 
any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude 
the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally appoint Law Debenture Corporate 
Services Limited at 8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London, EC2N 4AG, United Kingdom, as agent 
for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings in England and undertake that in 
the event of it ceasing so to act the Issuer and the Guarantor will forthwith appoint a further person 
as their agent for that purpose and notify the name and address of such person to the Agent and 
agree that, failing such appointment within fifteen days, any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint 
such a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and the Guarantor and delivered to the 
Issuer and the Guarantor or to the specified office of the Agent. Nothing contained herein shall 
affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 69 ---
62 
19. 
Rights of Third Parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Notes under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 70 ---
63 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES ISSUED BY NATURGY CAPITAL MARKETS, S.A. 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued by Naturgy 
Capital Markets, S.A. under the Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global 
form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to 
the extent described in the Base Prospectus dated 3 December 2021 relating to the Notes, under “Form of 
the Notes”. 
Naturgy Finance B.V. and Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. have established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to €12,000,000,000 in aggregate nominal amount 
of Notes (the “Notes”) guaranteed by Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may comprise one 
or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of final terms (the “Final 
Terms”) which completes these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”). The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms. All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the subject of 
the relevant Final Terms. The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated agency agreement dated on 
or about 3 December 2021 (the “Agency Agreement”, which expression shall include any further 
amendments or supplements thereto) and made between Naturgy Finance B.V., Naturgy Capital Markets, 
S.A. (the “Issuer”), Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. as Guarantor (the “Guarantor”), Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch in its capacity as Agent (the “Agent” or “Calculation Agent”, which expressions shall include any 
successor to Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its capacity as such) and the Paying Agents named therein 
(the “Paying Agents”, which expression shall include the Agent and any substitute or additional Paying 
Agents appointed in accordance with the Agency Agreement). The Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons 
(each as defined below) also have the benefit of a deed of covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”, which 
expression shall include any amendments or supplements thereto) dated on or about 3 December 2021 
executed by the Issuer in relation to the Notes. The Guarantor has, for the benefit of the holders of the Notes 
from time to time (the “Noteholders”), executed and delivered a deed of guarantee (the “Deed of 
Guarantee”) dated on or about 3 December 2021 under which it has guaranteed the due and punctual 
payment of all amounts due by the Issuer under the Notes and the Deed of Covenant as and when the same 
shall become due and payable. If so required by Spanish law, the Issuer will execute an escritura pública 
(the “Public Deed”) before a Spanish Notary Public in relation to the Notes and will register such Public 
Deed with the Mercantile Registry of Madrid on or prior to the issue date of the Notes. The Public Deed 
contains, among other information, the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) have interest 
coupons (“Coupons”) and, if indicated in the applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) 
attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Definitive Notes repayable in instalments have receipts 
(“Receipts”) for the payment of the instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on 
issue. 
Copies of the Deed of Covenant, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee and the Final Terms 
applicable to the Notes are available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of 
each of the Paying Agents, save that any Final Terms relating to an unlisted Note of a Series will only be 
available for inspection by a Noteholder holding one or more unlisted Notes of that Series and such 
Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent as to its identity. If the Notes 
are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable 
Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu. All 
persons from time to time entitled to the benefit of obligations under any Notes are deemed to have notice 
of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Deed of Covenant, the Agency Agreement, 
the Deed of Guarantee and the applicable Final Terms, which are binding on them. 
Words and expressions defined in the Deed of Covenant, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee 
or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless 
the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency, 
the applicable Final Terms will prevail.

--- Page 71 ---
64 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered in the Specified 
Currency and the Specified Denomination(s), provided that in the case of any Notes which are to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the 
public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified 
Denomination shall be euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue 
of those Notes). Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another 
Denomination. 
So long as the Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note and 
the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, the Notes will be tradeable only (a) if the Specified 
Denomination stated in the relevant Final Terms is “euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency)”, in the authorised denomination of euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) 
and integral multiples of euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) thereafter, or (b) if 
the Specified Denomination stated in the relevant Final Terms is “euro 100,000 (or its equivalent 
in another currency) and integral multiples of euro 1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) 
in excess thereof”, in the minimum authorised denomination of euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in 
another currency) and higher integral multiples of euro 1,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency), notwithstanding that no definitive Notes will be issued with a denomination above euro 
199,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery. Subject 
as set out below, the Issuer, the Guarantor, and any Paying Agent may deem and treat (and no such 
person will be liable for so deeming and treating) the bearer of any Note, Receipt or Coupon as 
the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership 
or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case 
of any global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note, each person who is for the time 
being shown in the records of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) or of Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) as the holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes (in 
which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be deemed to be the holder of 
such nominal amount of Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal 
or interest on the Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant global Note shall be deemed 
to be the holder of such nominal amount of Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of 
the relevant global Note (and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly). Notes which are represented by a global Note will be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context 
so permits, except in relation to Notes issued in NGN form, be deemed to include a reference to 
any additional or alternative clearance system approved by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Agent. 
2. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and the relative Receipts and Coupons (if any) are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer ranking pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and (subject to any applicable statutory 
exceptions) at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. 
Holders of Notes acknowledge that all Notes issued or to be issued by the Issuer under the 
Programme shall rank pari passu among themselves regardless of their respective issue date. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, under the Spanish Recast Insolvency Law 
approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (the “Spanish Recast Insolvency Law”),

--- Page 72 ---
65 
claims relating to the Notes (unless they qualify by law as subordinated credits under Article 281.1 
of the Insolvency Law) will be ordinary credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Spanish 
Recast Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits rank below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos 
contra la masa) and credits with a general or special privilege (créditos con privilegio general o 
especial). Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits and the rights of shareholders. 
3. 
Status of the Deed of Guarantee 
The payment of principal and interest together with all other sums payable by the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes has been unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor. The 
obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the 
Guarantor and (subject to any applicable statutory exceptions) rank pari passu with all other 
present and future outstanding, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Guarantor, under the Spanish Recast Insolvency Law 
approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (the “Spanish Recast Insolvency Law”), 
claims under the Guarantee relating to the Notes (unless they qualify by law as subordinated 
credits under Article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law) will be ordinary credits (créditos ordinarios) 
as defined in the Spanish Recast Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits rank below credits against the 
insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and credits with a general or special privilege (créditos 
con privilegio general o especial). Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits and the rights 
of shareholders. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement): 
(a) 
neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall create or permit to subsist any Security Interest 
(other than a Permitted Security Interest) upon the whole or any part of its present or 
future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Relevant Indebtedness; and 
(b) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall procure that none of their respective Subsidiaries will 
create or permit to subsist any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security Interest) 
upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues 
(including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any 
Relevant Indebtedness, 
without at the same time or prior thereto (i) securing the Notes and/or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor’s obligations under the Deed of Guarantee, equally and rateably therewith or (ii) 
providing such other security for the Notes and/or, as the case may be, the Guarantor’s obligations 
under the Deed of Guarantee, as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in 
the Agency Agreement) of Noteholders. 
In these Conditions: 
“Guarantee” means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another 
Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or 
to purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such 
Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such 
Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of:

--- Page 73 ---
66 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, 
in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be 
treated as finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the 
payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward 
sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
“Permitted Security Interest” means: 
(a) 
in relation to the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries: 
(i) 
any Security Interest arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of 
business of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries which does not (either alone or 
together with any one or more other such Security Interests) materially impair 
the operation of such business and which has not been enforced against the 
assets to which it attaches; and  
(ii) 
any Security Interest that does not fall within sub-paragraph (A) above and that 
secures Relevant Indebtedness which, when aggregated with Relevant 
Indebtedness secured by all other Security Interests permitted under this sub-
paragraph, does not exceed euro 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies); and 
(b) 
in relation to the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries: 
(i) 
any Security Interest in existence on 17 November 2005 to the extent that it 
secures Relevant Indebtedness outstanding on such date; 
(ii) 
any Security Interest arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of 
business of the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries which does not (either alone 
or together with any one or more other such Security Interests) materially impair 
the operation of such business and which has not been enforced against the 
assets to which it attaches; 
(iii) 
any Security Interest to secure Project Finance Debt; 
(iv) 
any Security Interest created in respect of Relevant Indebtedness of an entity 
that has merged with, or has been acquired (whether in whole or in part) by, the 
Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries, provided that such Security Interest: 
(A) 
was in existence at the time of such merger or acquisition;  
(B) 
was not created for the purpose of providing security in respect of the 
financing of such merger or acquisition; and  
(C) 
is not increased in amount or otherwise extended following such 
merger or acquisition other than pursuant to a legal or contractual 
obligation (x) which was assumed (by operation of law, agreement or 
otherwise) prior to such merger or acquisition by an entity which, at 
such time, was not a Subsidiary of the Guarantor, and (y) which 
remains legally binding on such entity at the time of such merger or 
acquisition; and 
(v) 
any Security Interest that does not fall within sub-paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) 
above and that secures Relevant Indebtedness which, when aggregated with 
Relevant Indebtedness secured by all other Security Interests permitted under

--- Page 74 ---
67 
this sub-paragraph, does not exceed euro 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies); 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
“Project Finance Assets” means the assets (including, for the avoidance of doubt, shares (or other 
interests)) of a Project Finance Entity; 
“Project Finance Entity” means any entity in which the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries holds 
an interest whose only assets and business are constituted by: (i) the ownership, creation, 
development, construction, improvement, exploitation or operation of one or more of such entity’s 
assets, or (ii) shares (or other interests) in the capital of other entities that satisfy limb (i) of this 
definition; 
“Project Finance Debt” means any Relevant Indebtedness: 
(a) 
incurred by a Project Finance Entity in respect of the activities of such entity or another 
Project Finance Entity in which it holds shares (or other interests); or 
(b) 
any Subsidiary formed exclusively for the purpose of financing a Project Finance Entity, 
where, in each case, the holders of such Relevant Indebtedness have no recourse against the 
Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries (or its or their respective assets), except for recourse to (y) the 
Project Finance Assets of such Project Finance Entities; and (z) in the case of (ii) above only, the 
Subsidiary incurring such Relevant Indebtedness. 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any 
bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is 
capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market 
(including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market); 
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
and 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”) at any particular time, any 
other Person (the “second Person”): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether 
by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, fully consolidated with those of the first Person. 
5. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
(i) 
Each Fixed Rate Note shall bear interest on its nominal amount from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date (which shall be the date of issue 
thereof or such other date as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) in 
respect thereof at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate(s) of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms and on the Maturity Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms if that date does not fall on an Interest 
Payment Date. 
(ii) 
The first payment of interest will be made on the Interest Payment Date next 
following the Interest Commencement Date and, if the period between the 
Interest Commencement Date and the first Interest Payment Date is different 
from the periods between Interest Payment Dates, will amount to the initial 
Broken Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. If the Maturity Date is

--- Page 75 ---
68 
not an Interest Payment Date, interest from, and including, the preceding Interest 
Payment Date (or from the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be) 
to, but excluding, the Maturity Date will amount to the final Broken Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an 
Interest Payment Date, such interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest to each Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable 
Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of 
the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will 
amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so 
specified.  
If interest is required to be calculated for a period of other than a full year, such 
interest shall be calculated using the applicable Day Count Fraction pursuant to 
Condition 5(e) (Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest 
Amount). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(i) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and such interest will be payable in arrear on each interest payment 
date (each a “Specified Interest Payment Date”) which (save as otherwise 
mentioned in these Conditions or the applicable Final Terms) falls the number 
of months or other period specified as the Interest Period in the applicable Final 
Terms after the preceding Specified Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the 
First Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
If a business day convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if 
any Specified Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not 
a Business Day (as defined below), then, if the business day convention 
specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Interest Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 5(b)(i) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Specified 
Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event (A) such Specified Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) 
each subsequent Specified Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms 
after the preceding applicable Specified Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Specified Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Specified 
Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event such Specified Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or

--- Page 76 ---
69 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Specified Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day. 
“Business Day” means:  
(a) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday 
or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in the principal financial centre for such currency; 
and/or  
(b) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System (as defined in 
Condition 5(b)(iv)) is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”); and/or  
(c) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the 
Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of 
the Business Centres.  
(ii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (iii), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent or other person 
specified in the applicable Final Terms under an interest rate swap transaction 
if the Calculation Agent or that other person were acting as Calculation Agent 
for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (the “ISDA Definitions”), and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period equal to that Interest Period; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating Rate 
Option is based on the Eurozone interbank market (“EURIBOR”)) for 
a currency, the first day of that Interest Period or; (ii) in any other case, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For purposes of this sub-paragraph (iii), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Where this sub-paragraph (iii) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest 
Period, the Calculation Agent will be deemed to have discharged its obligations 
under paragraph (g) below in respect of the determination of the Rate of Interest 
if it has determined the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period in the 
manner provided in this sub-paragraph (iii). 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either:

--- Page 77 ---
70 
(A) 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant 
Screen Page (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms)), expressed as 
a percentage rate per annum; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, 
with 0.00005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum), 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for that Interest Period which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00a.m. (London 
time or, where the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If 
five or more such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no 
such quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three of such 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at such time, the Issuer or an agent on 
its behalf shall request the principal London office of each of the Reference 
Banks (as defined below) or, in the case of the determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal office of each of four EURIBOR Reference Banks (as defined below) 
to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for the 
relevant Interest Period to leading banks in the London inter-bank market (or, in 
the case of the determination of EURIBOR, where the Reference Rate of 
EURIBOR is used for Notes denominated or payable in euro, the Eurozone 
interbank market) as at 11.00 a.m. (London time or, where the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR, Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If 
two or more of the Reference Banks or, as the case may be, EURIBOR 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
or, as the case may be, EURIBOR Reference Banks, provides the Calculation 
Agent with such an offered quotation as provided above, the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
the rates, as communicated to the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or, 
as the case may be, EURIBOR Reference Banks, or any two or more of them, 
at which such banks were offered, as at 11.00a.m. (London time or, where the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest 
Period by leading banks in the London inter-bank market (or, in the case of the 
determination of EURIBOR, where the Reference Rate of EURIBOR is used for 
Notes denominated or payable in euro, the Eurozone interbank market) plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) or, if 
fewer than two of the Reference Banks or, as the case may be, EURIBOR 
Reference Banks, provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest 
Period, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period, at which, 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank 
or banks is or are suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is 
quoting to leading banks in the London inter-bank market (or, in the case of the 
determination of EURIBOR, the Eurozone interbank market) (or, as the case

--- Page 78 ---
71 
may be, the quotations of such bank or banks to the Calculation Agent) plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), provided 
that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this sub-paragraph (iv), the Rate of Interest shall be the 
sum of the Margin and the offered rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic 
mean of the offered rates last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of 
the preceding Interest Period. 
In these Conditions: 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of (A) above, those banks whose offered rate was 
used to determine such quotation when such quotation last appeared on the Relevant 
Screen Page and, in the case of (B) above, those banks whose offered quotations last 
appeared on the Relevant Screen Page when no fewer than three such offered quotations 
appeared; 
“EURIBOR Reference Bank” means a major bank operating in the Eurozone interbank 
market and “EURIBOR Reference Banks” shall be construed accordingly; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, 
(i) the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the 
second Business Day in London prior to the commencement of such Interest Period if the 
Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the second TARGET Business Day 
prior to the commencement of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is euro; and 
“TARGET system” means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (known as TARGET 2) System which was launched on 19 November 
2007, or any successor thereto.  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is SONIA, the foregoing provisions of 
Condition 5(b)(iv) will not apply and the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA with respect to such 
Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable 
Margin (if any). 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period (with the 
daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day 
in the relevant Observation Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London;

--- Page 79 ---
72 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, means the 
number of calendar days from and including such day “i” up to but excluding the 
following London Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means the period from and including the date falling five London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest 
Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling five London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period (or the date falling five London Banking Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and 
as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, in each case (on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day); and 
“SONIAi” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i”, the SONIA reference rate 
for that day. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA 
only compounds the SONIA reference rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The 
SONIA reference rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken 
by applying the SONIA reference rate for the previous London Banking Day but without 
compounding. 
Subject to Condition 5(i), if, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant 
Observation Period, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA reference rate is 
not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors, the SONIA reference rate shall be: 
(a) 
the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread 
of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on 
which a SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread 
(or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) 
and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those 
lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate, each as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or 
(b) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on 
the relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA reference rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
reference rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
If the relevant Series become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11 (Events 
of Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms be deemed to be the date on 
which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, 
for so long as any such Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on such date 
(c) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such 
Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the due date for its redemption unless, upon 
due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such 
event, interest will continue to accrue thereon (as well after as before any demand or 
judgement) at the rate then applicable to the principal amount of the Notes or such other 
rate as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms until the date on which, upon (except 
in the case of any payment where presentation and/or surrender of the relevant Note is

--- Page 80 ---
73 
not required as a precondition of payment) due presentation of the relevant Note, the 
relevant payment is made or, if earlier (except in the case of any payment where 
presentation and/or surrender of the relevant Note is not required as a precondition of 
payment), the seventh day after the date on which the Agent having received the funds 
required to make such payment, notice is given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices) of that circumstance (except to the extent that there is failure in 
the subsequent payment thereof to the relevant Noteholder). 
(d) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of any such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the above provisions is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest. If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of any such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the above provisions is greater than such Maximum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest. 
(e) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount 
With respect to Floating Rate Notes, the Calculation Agent will, at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine 
the Rate of Interest and calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable 
in respect of any Notes in respect of each Calculation Amount (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) for the relevant Interest Period. 
Each Interest Amount for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes shall be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest to each Calculation Amount multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit 
of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the 
“Calculation Period”): 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366; and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(d) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 –D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 81 ---
74 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D2 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
In these Conditions “sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
(e) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 –D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(f) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 –D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 82 ---
75 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February; or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) such day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date; or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(g) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which it falls, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Calculation Period; and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods in any period of one year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, 
the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling 
in the Determination Period in which it begins divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Determination Period; and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods in any period of one year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling 
in the next Determination Period divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Determination Period; 
and (2) the number of Determination Periods in any period of 
one year. 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date;  
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date(s) or the Specified Interest Payment 
Dates, as the case may be; and 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the 
Notes and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(f) 
Change of Interest Basis 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
the Final Terms will indicate the relevant Interest Periods to which the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions or the Floating Rate Note Provisions shall apply. 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date or Specified Interest Payment 
Date, as the case may be, to be notified to the Issuer, the Guarantor and, if the Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange, quotation system or other relevant authority and the rules of 
such exchange, quotation system or other relevant authority so require, to any such 
relevant exchange, quotation system and/or other relevant authority, and to be published 
in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination

--- Page 83 ---
76 
but (i) in no event later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period thereafter, if 
determined prior to such time or (ii) in all other cases, as soon as practicable but in no 
event later than the fourth Business Day after such determination. Each Interest Amount 
and Interest Payment Date or Specified Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. If the Notes are listed on a stock exchange, quotation system or other 
relevant authority and the rules of such exchange, quotation system or other relevant 
authority so require, any such amendment will be promptly notified to any such relevant 
exchange, quotation system and/or other relevant authority. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5 shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Agent, the Paying Agents and all Noteholders and (in 
the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Noteholders shall 
attach to the Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by them of their 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(i) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(i)(ii)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Conditions 5(i)(iii) and 5(i)(iv)). In making such determination, 
the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(i) shall act in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence 
of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever 
to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 5(i).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(i) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in 
place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Series for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to 
the first Interest Period). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above paragraph shall apply to the relevant next 
succeeding Interest Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual 
Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided 
in, the first paragraph of this Condition 5(i)(i).

--- Page 84 ---
77 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, determines 
that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(i)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 5(i)).  
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, determines 
that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be), the Independent Adviser, following 
consultation with the Issuer, shall determine the quantum of, or the formula or 
methodology for determining, the Adjustment Spread and such Adjustment 
Spread shall then be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread.  
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(i) and the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the 
Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(i)(v) 
(Notices, etc.), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect 
to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(i)(iv), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
The Paying Agents shall not be obliged to effect any Benchmark Amendment if 
in the sole opinion of the relevant Paying Agent doing so would impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities 
or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the 
relevant Paying Agent in these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement in any 
way. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5(i) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, 
in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall

--- Page 85 ---
78 
be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(i), if following the 
determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is 
any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making 
any determination or calculation under this Condition 5(i), the Calculation 
Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the 
Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. 
If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is 
otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify 
the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make 
such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, 
wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so.  
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(i)(i) 
(Independent Adviser), (ii) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate), (iii) 
(Adjustment Spread) and (iv) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference 
Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5(b)(iv) (Screen Rate 
Determination for Floating Rate Notes) will continue to apply unless and until 
a Benchmark Event has occurred.  
(vii) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 5(i): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (i) a spread (which may be positive, negative or 
zero) or (ii) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(b) 
if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, 
the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, determines, is 
customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an 
industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or  
(c) 
if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily 
applied, the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5(i)(ii) (Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate) is customarily applied in international debt capital markets 
transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(i)(iv) 
(Benchmark Amendments); 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 
five (5) Business Days or ceasing to exist; or

--- Page 86 ---
79 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently 
or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be 
deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant 
underlying market; or  
(f) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer 
or any other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
using the Original Reference Rate;  
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (A) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (b) and (c) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, 
(B) in the case of sub-paragraph (d) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the 
Original Reference Rate and (C) in the case of sub-paragraph (e) above, on the date with 
effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by 
the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market 
and which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of 
the relevant public statement.  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer under Condition 5(i)(i) (Independent Adviser); 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (or, in each case any component thereof), 
as applicable; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof; 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.

--- Page 87 ---
80 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note 
will be redeemed by the Issuer, failing which the Guarantor at its Final Redemption 
Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms 
in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (in the case of a Note other than a Floating Rate Note) or on the Specified Interest 
Payment Date falling in the Redemption Month specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(in the case of a Floating Rate Note). Such Final Redemption Amount in respect of any 
Note shall be its principal amount or such higher amount as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
If, in relation to any Series of Notes (i) as a result of any change in the laws or regulations 
of the Kingdom of Spain or of any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency 
therein or thereof having power to tax or in the interpretation or administration of any 
such laws or regulations which becomes effective on or after the date of issue of such 
Notes or any earlier date specified in the Final Terms the Issuer or the Guarantor, as 
applicable, would be required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 10 
(Taxation) and (ii) such circumstances are evidenced by the delivery by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, as applicable, to the Agent of a certificate signed by a director of the Issuer or 
two directors of the Guarantor, as applicable, stating that such circumstances prevail and 
describing the facts leading thereto and an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that such circumstances prevail, the Issuer may, at its 
option and having given no less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice (ending, in the 
case of Notes which bear interest at a floating rate, on a day upon which interest is 
payable) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes comprising 
the relevant Series at their early tax redemption amount (the “Early Redemption 
Amount Tax”) (which shall be their principal amount (or at such other Early Redemption 
Amount Tax) as may be specified in or determined in accordance with the relevant Final 
Terms) less, in the case of any Instalment Note, the aggregate amount of all instalments 
that shall have become due and payable in respect of such Note prior to the date fixed for 
redemption under any other Condition (which amount, if and to the extent not then paid, 
remains due and payable), together with accrued interest (if any) thereon, provided, 
however, that no such notice of redemption may be given earlier than 90 days (or, in the 
case of Notes which bear interest at a floating rate a number of days which is equal to the 
aggregate of the number of days falling within the then current interest period applicable 
to the Notes plus 60 days) prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer or the Guarantor, 
as applicable, would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect 
of the Notes then due. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
may, having (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) given not more 
than 60 nor less than 30 days’ notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all or some only 
of the Notes then outstanding on the Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date(s). In the event of a redemption of some only of 
the Notes, such redemption must be of a nominal amount being the Minimum 
Redemption Amount or a Maximum Redemption Amount, both as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, and shall be carried out in accordance with applicable Spanish 
law requirements. In the case of a partial redemption of definitive Notes, the Notes to be 
redeemed will be selected individually by lot, subject to compliance with applicable law 
(including applicable Spanish law requirements) and the rules of each listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been

--- Page 88 ---
81 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation, not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed 
for redemption and a list of the Notes called for redemption will be published in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) not less than 30 days prior to such date. In the 
case of a partial redemption of Notes which are represented by a global Note, the relevant 
Notes will be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). 
(d) 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) (which notice shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption (the “Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption 
Date”)), redeem all (but not only some) of the outstanding Notes comprising the relevant 
Series at their principal amount together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the 
Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption Date, which shall be no earlier than (i) three 
months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of not more than 
ten years or (ii) six months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity 
of more than ten years, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than ten years or 
the maturity of more than ten years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(e) 
Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event 
If a Substantial Purchase Event is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable and a 
Substantial Purchase Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject 
to having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Agent, and, in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), redeem the Notes comprising the relevant Series in whole, but not in part, 
in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in each case at their principal amount, 
together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
a “Substantial Purchase Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if at least 80 per cent. 
of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series originally issued 
(which for these purposes shall include any further Notes of the same Series issued 
subsequently) is purchased or redeemed by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary 
of the Guarantor (and in each case is cancelled in accordance with Condition 6(l) 
(Cancellation)); 
(f) 
Make-Whole Redemption 
If a Make-Whole Redemption is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
then the Issuer may, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives and on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Agent, and, 
in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders redeem the Notes comprising 
the relevant Series, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time (but no later than 
the Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption Date (as defined in Condition 6(d) 
(Residual Maturity Call Option) above) if applicable), prior to their Maturity Date (the 
“Make-Whole Redemption Date”) at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount (as 
defined below). 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed 
Notes”) will (i) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be

--- Page 89 ---
82 
selected individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption 
and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note, be selected in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected 
in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), in each case of (i) and (ii) above, always 
subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. In the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of 
such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) not 
less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Amount” means in respect of any Notes to be redeemed an 
amount, calculated by, at the election of the Issuer, a leading investment, merchant or 
commercial bank or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer for the purposes of calculating the relevant amount, and notified 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), equal to the greater of (x) 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum of the 
then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such 
Notes (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant 
Make-Whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption 
Date on an annual basis at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate (specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin (specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), plus in each case of (x) and (y) above, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders 
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, upon any 
Noteholder giving to the Issuer and the Guarantor in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices) not more than 60 nor less than 30 days’ notice (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem subject to, and in 
accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms in whole (but not in 
part) such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms 
together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. 
(h) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control 
If a Change of Control Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable and a Change of Control occurs and, during the Change of Control Period, a 
Rating Downgrade occurs (together, a “Change of Control Event”), each holder of 
Notes will have the option (the “Change of Control Put Option”) to require the Issuer 
to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, to procure the purchase of such Notes on the Change 
of Control Redemption Date at the Change of Control Redemption Amount.  
A “Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred at each time that any person 
or persons acting in concert (“Relevant Persons”) or any person or persons acting on 
behalf of such Relevant Persons, acquire(s) control, directly or indirectly, of the 
Guarantor. 
“control” means: (a) the acquisition or control of more than 50 per cent. of the voting 
rights of the issued share capital of the Guarantor; or (b) the right to appoint and/or 
remove all or the majority of the members of the Guarantor’s Board of Directors or other 
governing body, whether obtained directly or indirectly, whether obtained by ownership 
of share capital, the possession of voting rights, contract or otherwise. 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the date on which the 
relevant Change of Control occurs or the date of the first relevant Potential Change of 
Control Announcement, whichever is the earlier, and ending on the date which is 90 days 
after the date of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control.

--- Page 90 ---
83 
“Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public announcement or 
statement by the Issuer or any actual or bona fide potential bidder relating to any potential 
Change of Control. 
“Rating Agency” means any of the following: (a) Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, a 
division of The McGraw Hill Companies, Inc. (“S&P”); (b) Moody’s Investors Service 
Limited (“Moody’s”); (c) Fitch Ratings Ltd (“Fitch Ratings”); or (d) any other credit 
rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from time to time by the 
Issuer and, in each case, their respective successors or affiliates. 
A “Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of 
Control if, within the Change of Control Period, the rating previously assigned to the 
Guarantor is lowered by at least two full rating notches (by way of example, BB+ to BB-
, in the case of S&P) (a “downgrade”) or withdrawn, in each case, by the requisite 
number of Rating Agencies (as defined below), and is not, within the Change of Control 
Period, subsequently upgraded (in the case of a downgrade) or reinstated (in the case of 
a withdrawal) to its earlier credit rating or better, such that there is no longer a downgrade 
or withdrawal by the requisite number of Rating Agencies. For these purposes, the 
“requisite number of Rating Agencies” shall mean (i) at least two Rating Agencies, if, 
at the time of the rating downgrade or withdrawal, three or more Rating Agencies have 
assigned a credit rating to the Guarantor, or (ii) at least one Rating Agency if, at the time 
of the rating downgrade or withdrawal, fewer than three Rating Agencies have assigned 
a credit rating to the Guarantor. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred 
in respect of a particular Change of Control if (a) following such a downgrade, the 
Guarantor is still assigned an Investment Grade Rating by one or more of the Rating 
Agencies effecting the downgrade, or (b) the Rating Agencies effecting the downgrade 
or withdrawing their rating do not publicly announce or otherwise confirm in writing to 
the Issuer that such reduction or withdrawal was the result, in whole or part, of any event 
or circumstance comprised in, or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable 
Change of Control. 
“Investment Grade Rating” means: (1) with respect to S&P, any of the categories from 
and including AAA to and including BBB- (or equivalent successor categories); (2) with 
respect to Moody’s, any of the categories from and including Aaa to and including Baa3 
(or equivalent successor categories); (3) with respect to Fitch Ratings, any of the 
categories from and including AAA to and including BBB- (or equivalent successor 
categories); and (4) with respect to any other credit rating agency of equivalent 
international standing specified from time to time by the Issuer, a rating that is equivalent 
to, or better than, the foregoing. 
“Change of Control Redemption Amount” means an amount equal to par plus interest 
accrued to but excluding the Change of Control Redemption Date. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Event has occurred, 
the Issuer shall give notice (a “Change of Control Event Notice”) to the Agent, the 
Paying Agents and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) specifying 
the nature of the Change of Control Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the 
procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option, as well as the date upon which 
the Put Period (as defined below) will end and the Change of Control Redemption Date 
(as defined below). 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option to require redemption or, as the case may 
be, purchase of a Note under this section, the holder of that Note must transfer or cause 
to be transferred its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Paying 
Agent specified in the Put Option Notice for the account of the Issuer within the period 
(the “Put Period”) of 45 days after the Change of Control Event Notice is given together 
with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Put Option 
Notice”) and in which the holder may specify a bank account to which payment is to be 
made under this section.

--- Page 91 ---
84 
The Issuer shall redeem or, at the option of the Issuer, procure the purchase of the Notes 
in respect of which the Change of Control Put Option has been validly exercised as 
provided above, and subject to the transfer of such Notes to the account of the Paying 
Agent for the account of the Issuer as described above on the date which is the fifth 
Business Day following the end of the Put Period (the “Change of Control Redemption 
Date”). Payment in respect of any Note so transferred will be made in the relevant 
Specified Currency to the holder to the relevant Specified Currency denominated bank 
account in the Put Option Notice on the Change of Control Redemption Date via the 
relevant account holders. 
If 80 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes outstanding of a Series at the 
beginning of the Change of Control Period have been redeemed or purchased pursuant to 
the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6(h), the Issuer may, at its option, on not less 
than five nor more than 10 Business Days’ notice to the Noteholders given in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices) within 60 days after the Change of Control Redemption Date, 
redeem or, at its option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) all (but not some only) of 
the remaining Notes of that Series, each at par together with (or, where purchased, 
together with an amount equal to) interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of such 
redemption or purchase. 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
Where any calculation of an early redemption amount is to be made for a period which 
is not a whole number of years, the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full 
year shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days 
each and, in the case of an incomplete month, the number of days elapsed. 
(j) 
Instalments 
If the Notes are repayable in instalments, they will be repaid in the Instalment Amounts 
and on the Instalment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(k) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor may at any time purchase 
Notes (together, in the case of definitive Notes, with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons 
appertaining thereto) in any manner and at any price. In the case of a purchase by tender, 
such tender must be made available to all Noteholders alike. The Issuer, the Guarantor or 
any Subsidiary of the Guarantor will be entitled to hold and deal with Notes so purchased 
as the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Subsidiary of the Guarantor thinks fit. 
(l) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed in full will forthwith be cancelled and Notes which are 
purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor 
may, at the election of the Issuer, be cancelled (together in each case with all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons attached thereto or delivered therewith). Notes purchased by or on 
behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor may not be reissued 
or resold other than to the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor. 
7. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a currency other than euro will be made by transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or by a cheque 
in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of 
the country of such Specified Currency; and

--- Page 92 ---
85 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) maintained by the payee 
with a bank in the Eurozone. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10 
(Taxation). 
In these Conditions: 
“Eurozone” means the zone comprising the Participating Member States; 
“Participating Member State” means a Member State of the European Union that 
adopts or has adopted the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; and 
“Treaty” means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended. 
(b) 
Presentation of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above against surrender of definitive Notes 
and payments of interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) 
be made as aforesaid against surrender of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States. 
Payments of instalments (if any) of principal, other than the final instalment, will (subject 
as provided below) be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipt. 
Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the 
definitive Note to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive Notes to 
which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on 
which any definitive Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) 
appertaining thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall 
be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include 
Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons) failing which the amount 
of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the 
same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid 
bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of 
principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of 
the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 10 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not 
such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 14 (Prescription)) or, 
if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become 
due. Upon any Fixed Rate Note becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note in definitive form becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date or 
a Specified Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from 
(and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or Specified Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant definitive Note. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any global 
Note will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation 
to definitive Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant global Note,

--- Page 93 ---
86 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such global Note (if it is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) at the specified office of the Agent. A record of each 
payment made against presentation or surrender of such global Note, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such 
global Note by the Agent and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment 
in question has been made. 
The holder of the relevant global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive 
payments in respect of Notes represented by such global Note and the Issuer or, as the 
case may be, the Guarantor will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder 
of such global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of the relevant global Note. No person other 
than the holder of the relevant global Note shall have any claim against the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, the Guarantor in respect of any payments due on that global Note. 
Payments of interest in respect of the Notes will be made at the specified office of a 
Paying Agent in the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United 
States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)) if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able 
to make payment at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such interest at such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in 
the opinion of the Issuer and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to 
the Issuer. 
(c) 
Redenomination 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the holders of related Receipts 
or Coupons on giving at least 30 days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices), elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date specified in 
the notice, the Notes shall be redenominated in euro. The election will have effect as 
follows: 
(i) 
each Specified Denomination will be deemed to be denominated in such amount 
of euro as is equivalent to its denomination in the Specified Currency at the 
Established Rate, subject to such provisions (if any) as to rounding (and 
payments in respect of fractions consequent on rounding) as the Issuer may 
decide, and as may be specified in the notice; 
(ii) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, the 
Receipts and the Coupons will be made solely in euro, including payments of 
interest in respect of periods before the Redenomination Date, as though 
references in the Notes to the Specified Currency were to euro; and 
(iii) 
such changes shall be made to these Conditions as the Issuer may decide and as 
may be specified in the notice, to conform them to conventions then applicable 
to instruments denominated in euro or to enable the Notes to be consolidated 
with one or more issues of other notes, whether or not originally denominated 
in the Specified Currency or euro.

--- Page 94 ---
87 
(d) 
Exchangeability 
The Issuer may without the consent of the Noteholders or the holders of related Receipts 
or Coupons, on giving at least 30 days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices), elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date or such later 
date for payment of interest under the Notes as it may specify in the notice, the Notes 
shall be exchangeable for Notes expressed to be denominated in euro in accordance with 
such arrangements as the Issuer may decide and as may be specified in the notice, 
including arrangements under which Receipts and Coupons unmatured at the date so 
specified become void. 
In this Condition, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Established Rate” means the rate for conversion of the Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European 
Community regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union 
pursuant to Article 109(4) of the Treaty; and 
“Redenomination Date” means any date for payment of interest under the Notes 
specified by the Issuer which falls on or after the date on which the country of the 
Specified Currency adopts the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty. 
(e) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, “Payment Day” means any day which is both: 
(i) 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for 
business in: 
(A) 
the relevant place of presentation; and 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in the principal financial centre of the relevant Specified Currency (if 
other than London and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
shall be Melbourne) or (2) in relation to notes denominated in euro, a day on 
which the TARGET System (as defined in Condition 5(b)(iv) (Screen Rate 
Determination for Floating Rate Notes)) is operating. 
(f) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 10 (Taxation); 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable under or in respect 
of the Notes.

--- Page 95 ---
88 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to 
interest under Condition 10 (Taxation). 
8. 
Agent and Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Agent and the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are 
set out below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent 
and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office 
through which any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, there will at all times be a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations 
of the relevant listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system; 
(b) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office acting in continental 
Europe; 
(c) 
there will at all times be an Agent; and  
(d) 
each of the Issuer and the Guarantor will ensure that it maintains a Paying Agent in a 
Member State of the European Union that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax 
pursuant to European Council Directive 2003/48/EC or any law implementing or 
complying with, or introduced in order to conform to, such Directive. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified 
office in New York City in the circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 7(b) 
(Presentation of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons). Any variation, termination, appointment 
or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate 
effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) provided that no such variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall take effect (except in the case of insolvency) within 15 
days before or after any Interest Payment Date or Specified Interest Payment Date, as the case 
may be. 
9. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date or the Specified Interest Payment Date, as appropriate, on 
which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part 
of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Agent or any Paying Agent 
in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include 
Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Notes to 
which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 13 (Replacement of 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons). Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Conditions, be 
deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date or the Specified Interest Payment Date (as the case 
may be) on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
10. 
Taxation 
All amounts payable (whether in respect of principal, redemption amount, interest or otherwise) 
in respect of the Notes will be made free and clear of and without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision 
thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding 
or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by law or 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code. In that event, the 
Issuer, failing which the Guarantor, will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order 
that the net amounts receivable by any Noteholder after such withholding or deduction shall equal 
the respective amounts which would have been receivable by such Noteholder in the absence of

--- Page 96 ---
89 
such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in relation 
to any payment in respect of any Notes or Coupon: 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Notes by reason of his having 
some connection with the Kingdom of Spain other than the mere holding of such Notes 
or Coupon; or 
(b) 
presented for payment more than thirty days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent 
that the relevant Noteholder would have been entitled to such additional amounts on 
presenting the same for payment on the expiry of such period of thirty days; or 
(c) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who does not provide the information 
concerning such Noteholder’s identity and tax residence to the Issuer or the Guarantor or 
an agent acting on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor as may eventually be required (i) 
in order to comply with any new procedures that may be implemented as a consequence 
of an amendment, modification or interpretation of Royal Decree 1065/2007; or (ii) in 
case the Notes are represented by definitive Notes; or 
(d) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, “Relevant Date” means, in respect of any payment, the date 
on which such payment first becomes due and payable, but if the full amount of the moneys 
payable has not been received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the first date on 
which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received and being available for payment 
to Noteholders, notice to that effect shall have been duly given to the Noteholders of the relevant 
Series in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
If the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, becomes subject at any time to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than or in addition to the Kingdom of Spain, references herein to the Kingdom 
of Spain shall be read and construed as references to the Kingdom of Spain, and/or to such other 
jurisdiction. 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal, redemption amount and/or interest in respect of 
the Notes shall be deemed also to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under 
this Condition 10. 
11. 
Events of Default 
The following events or circumstances (each an “Event of Default”) shall be acceleration events 
in relation to the Notes of any Series, namely: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes 
within 7 days of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest 
in respect of the Notes within 14 days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer or the Guarantor defaults in the performance or 
observance of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Deed of 
Guarantee and such default remains unremedied for 30 days after written notice thereof, 
addressed to the Issuer and the Guarantor by the Commissioner (as defined in Condition 
12 (Meetings of Noteholders)) or, failing whom, any Noteholder, has been delivered to 
the Issuer and the Guarantor or to the specified office of the Agent; or 
(c) 
Cross-default of the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Principal Subsidiary: (i) any Relevant 
Indebtedness (as defined in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or any of their respective Principal Subsidiaries is not paid when due or (as the case may 
be) within any originally applicable grace period; (ii) any such Relevant Indebtedness 
becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due and payable prior to its stated 
maturity otherwise than at the option of the Issuer, the Guarantor or (as the case may be) 
the relevant Principal Subsidiary or (provided that no event of default, howsoever

--- Page 97 ---
90 
described, has occurred) any person entitled to such Relevant Indebtedness; or (iii) the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Principal Subsidiaries fails to pay when 
due any amount payable by it under any Guarantee of any Relevant Indebtedness, 
provided that the amount of Relevant Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or 
sub-paragraph (ii) above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in 
sub-paragraph (iii) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds €75,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgement: one or more judgement(s) or order(s) for the payment of any 
amount is rendered against the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Principal 
Subsidiaries (if any) and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days after 
the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment, provided that the 
amount subject of such judgement(s) or order(s), individually or in the aggregate, exceeds 
€75,000,000; or 
(e) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other 
similar officer is appointed, of the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and 
revenues of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Principal Subsidiaries (if 
any), provided that the individual or aggregate value of all undertaking, assets and 
revenues subject to such enforcement exceeds €75,000,000; or 
(f) 
Insolvency, etc.: (i) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Principal 
Subsidiaries (if any) becomes insolvent, is adjudicated bankrupt (or applies for an order 
of bankruptcy) or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or 
liquidator of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Principal Subsidiaries (if 
any) or of the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of their respective Principal Subsidiaries (if any) is appointed (or 
application for any such appointment is made), (iii) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of 
their respective Principal Subsidiaries (if any) takes any action for a readjustment or 
deferment of any of its obligations generally or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a general 
moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness 
given by it or (iv) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Principal 
Subsidiaries (if any) ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its 
business (otherwise than, in the case of a Principal Subsidiary of the Issuer (if any) or a 
Principal Subsidiary of the Guarantor (other than the Issuer), for the purposes of or 
pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(g) 
Winding up, etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding 
up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective 
Principal Subsidiaries (if any) (otherwise than, in the case of a Principal Subsidiary of 
the Issuer (if any) or a Principal Subsidiary of the Guarantor, for the purposes of or 
pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(h) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain has 
an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (g) above 
including, but not limited to, concurso; or 
(i) 
Failure to take action, etc.: any action, condition or thing at any time required to be 
taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer and the Guarantor lawfully to enter 
into, exercise their respective rights and perform and comply with their respective 
obligations under and in respect of the Notes and the Deed of Guarantee, (ii) to ensure 
that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes, 
the Receipts, the Coupons and the Guarantee admissible in evidence in the courts of the 
Kingdom of Spain is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(j) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or 
comply with any of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Deed of 
Guarantee; or 
(k) 
Deed of Guarantee not in force: the Deed of Guarantee is not (or is claimed by the 
Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect; or

--- Page 98 ---
91 
(l) 
Controlling shareholder: the Issuer ceases to be wholly-owned and controlled by the 
Guarantor. 
If any Event of Default shall occur in relation to any Series of Notes, any Noteholder of the relevant 
Series may, by written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, at the specified office of the Agent, 
declare that such Note and (if the Note is interest-bearing) all interest then accrued on such Note 
shall be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall become immediately due and 
payable at its early termination amount (the “Early Termination Amount”) (which shall be its 
principal amount or such other Early Termination Amount as may be specified in or determined 
in accordance with the relevant Final Terms) less, in the case of any Instalment Note, the aggregate 
amount of all instalments that shall have become due and payable in respect of such Note under 
any other Condition prior to the date fixed for redemption (which amount, if and to the extent not 
then paid, remains due and payable), together with all interest (if any) accrued thereon without 
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which the Issuer will expressly 
waive, anything contained in such Notes to the contrary notwithstanding, unless, prior thereto, all 
Events of Default in respect of the Notes of the relevant Series shall have been cured. 
In these Conditions: 
“Group” means the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries from time to time; and 
“Principal Subsidiary” means, at any time, a Subsidiary of the Guarantor whose total assets, 
income before taxes or sales (excluding intra-group items) then equal or exceed ten per cent. (10%) 
of the total assets, income before taxes or sales of the Group (on a consolidated basis) and, for this 
purpose: 
(a) 
the total assets, income before taxes and sales of a Subsidiary of the Guarantor will be 
determined from its financial statements (consolidated if it has Subsidiaries) upon which 
the latest annual audited financial statements of the Group have been based; 
(b) 
if a Subsidiary of the Company becomes a member of the Group after the date on which 
the latest audited financial statements of the Group have been prepared, the total assets, 
income before taxes and sales of that Subsidiary will be determined from its latest annual 
financial statements; 
(c) 
the total assets, income before taxes and sales of the Group will be determined from its 
latest annual audited financial statements, adjusted (where appropriate) to reflect the total 
assets, income before taxes and sales of any company or business subsequently acquired 
or disposed of; and 
(d) 
if a Principal Subsidiary disposes of all or substantially all of its assets to another 
Subsidiary of the Guarantor, the disposing Subsidiary will immediately cease to be 
Principal Subsidiary and the other Subsidiary (if it is not already) will immediately 
become a Principal Subsidiary and, for the avoidance of doubt, the subsequent financial 
statements of those Subsidiaries and the Group will be used to determine whether those 
Subsidiaries are Principal Subsidiaries or not. 
A report by the Directors of the Guarantor that, in their opinion, a Subsidiary of the Guarantor is 
or is not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Principal 
Subsidiary, accompanied by a report by the Auditors addressed to the Directors of the Guarantor 
as to proper extraction of the figures used by the Directors of the Guarantor in determining the 
Principal Subsidiaries of the Guarantor and mathematical accuracy of the calculations shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders; 
12. 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions (which shall have effect as if incorporated by 
reference herein) for convening meetings (which may be physical or virtual meetings, including 
meetings held by conference call or on a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders of any 
Series to consider any matter affecting their interests, including (without limitation) the 
modification by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined below) of these Conditions. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders of any Series will be binding

--- Page 99 ---
92 
on all Noteholders of such Series, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all holders 
of Coupons relating to Notes of such Series. 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly 
convened and held by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the persons voting 
thereat upon a show of hands or if a poll be duly demanded then by a majority consisting of not 
less than 75 per cent. of the votes given on such poll. 
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal value of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as 
valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in a single document or in 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
13. 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Agent in London (or such other place as may be notified 
to the Noteholders), subject to all applicable laws and listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system requirements upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer and the 
Guarantor may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must 
be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14. 
Prescription 
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period 
of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date 
(as defined in Condition 10 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 14 or Condition 
7(b) (Presentation of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons) or any Talon which would be void 
pursuant to Condition 7(b) (Presentation of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons). 
15. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Notes shall be valid if published in one or more leading English language 
daily newspapers with circulation in the United Kingdom (which is expected to be the Financial 
Times) and, so long as the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and the rules of that stock exchange so require, published either on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, if such publication shall not be 
practicable, in an English language newspaper of general circulation in Europe. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once 
or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any global Note is held 
in its entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg be substituted for such 
publication as aforesaid the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for communication by them to the Noteholders in accordance with their respective 
rules and operating procedures. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Noteholders on the day on which the notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as appropriate. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a global 
Note, such notice may be given by any Noteholder to the Agent via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose.

--- Page 100 ---
93 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders to create 
and issue further notes ranking pari passu in all respects (or in all respects save for the first 
payment of interest thereon) with the outstanding Notes and so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single series with the outstanding Notes. 
17. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may with respect to any Series of Notes issued by the Issuer 
(the “Relevant Notes”) without the consent of any Noteholder, substitute for the Issuer 
any other body corporate incorporated in any country in the world as the debtor in respect 
of the Notes and the Agency Agreement (the “Substituted Debtor”) upon notice by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and the Substituted Debtor to be given by publication in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices), provided that: 
(i) 
neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor are in default in respect of any amount 
payable under any of the Relevant Notes; 
(ii) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Substituted Debtor have entered into such 
documents (the “Documents”) as are necessary to give effect to the substitution 
and in which the Substituted Debtor has undertaken in favour of each 
Noteholder of the Relevant Notes to be bound by these Conditions and the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement as the debtor in respect of such Notes in 
place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition 17); 
(iii) 
if the Substituted Debtor is resident for tax purposes in a territory (the “New 
Residence”) other than that in which the Issuer prior to such substitution was 
resident for tax purposes (the “Former Residence”) the Documents contain an 
undertaking and/or such other provisions as may be necessary to ensure that 
each Noteholder of the Relevant Notes has the benefit of an undertaking in terms 
corresponding to the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation), with, where 
applicable, the substitution of references to the Former Residence with 
references to the New Residence; 
(iv) 
the Guarantor guarantees the obligations of the Substituted Debtor in relation to 
outstanding Relevant Notes; 
(v) 
The Substituted Debtor, the Issuer and the Guarantor have obtained all necessary 
governmental approvals and consents for such substitution and for the 
performance by the Substituted Debtor of its obligations under the Documents 
and for the performance by the Guarantor of its obligations under the Guarantee 
as they relate to the obligations of the Substituted Debtor under the Documents; 
(vi) 
each stock exchange on which the Relevant Notes are listed shall have 
confirmed that, following the proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor, 
the Relevant Notes will continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(vii) 
a legal opinion shall have been delivered to the Commissioner and the Agent 
(from whom copies will be available) from lawyers of recognised standing in 
the country of incorporation of the Substituted Debtor, confirming, as 
appropriate, that upon the substitution taking place (A) the requirements of this 
Condition 17, save as to the giving of notice to the Noteholders have been met 
and (B) the Notes, Coupons and Talons are legal, valid and binding obligations 
of the Substituted Debtor enforceable in accordance with their terms; 
(viii) 
any Rating Agency which has issued a rating in connection with the Relevant 
Notes shall have confirmed that following the proposed substitution of the 
Substituted Debtor, the credit rating of the Relevant Notes will not be adversely 
affected; and 
(ix) 
if applicable, the Substituted Debtor has appointed a process agent as its agent 
in England to receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal

--- Page 101 ---
94 
proceedings in England arising out of or in connection with the Relevant Notes 
and any Coupons. 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Documents and the delivery of the legal opinions, the 
Substituted Debtor shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right 
and power, of the Issuer under the Relevant Notes and the Agency Agreement with the 
same effect as if the Substituted Debtor had been named as the Issuer herein, and the 
Issuer shall be released from its obligations under the Relevant Notes and under the 
Agency Agreement. 
(c) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 17(a), the Substituted Debtor may, without the 
consent of any Noteholder, effect a further substitution. All the provisions specified in 
Condition 17(a) and 17(b) shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in these 
Conditions to the Issuer shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or include 
references to any such further Substituted Debtor. 
(d) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 17(a) or 17(c) any Substituted Debtor may, 
without the consent of any Noteholder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
(e) 
The Documents shall be delivered to, and kept by, the Agent. Copies of the Documents 
will be available free of charge at the specified office of each of the Agents. 
18. 
Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed of Guarantee and the Notes and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law, save for Conditions 2 (Status of the Notes) and 3 (Status 
of the Deed of Guarantee) which shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Spanish law. The Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably agree for the benefit of the Noteholders 
that the courts of England shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or 
proceedings, and to settle any disputes (together, “Proceedings”), which may arise out of, or in 
connection with, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed of Guarantee and the 
Notes and, for such purpose, irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally waive and agree not to raise any 
objection which any of them may have now or subsequently to the laying of the venue of any 
Proceedings in the courts of England and any claim that any Proceedings have been brought in an 
inconvenient forum and further irrevocably and unconditionally agree that a judgement in any 
Proceedings brought in the courts of England shall be conclusive and binding upon each of them 
and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. Nothing in this Condition shall limit 
any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude 
the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally appoint Law Debenture Corporate 
Services Limited at 8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London, EC2N 4AG, United Kingdom, as agent 
for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings in England and undertake that in 
the event of it ceasing so to act the Issuer and the Guarantor will forthwith appoint a further person 
as their agent for that purpose and notify the name and address of such person to the Agent and 
agree that, failing such appointment within fifteen days, any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint 
such a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and the Guarantor and delivered to the 
Issuer and the Guarantor or to the specified office of the Agent. Nothing contained herein shall 
affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
19. 
Rights of Third Parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Notes under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 102 ---
95 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section “Form of the Notes” to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, 
whenever the context so permits, except in relation to Notes issued in NGN form, be deemed to include a 
reference to any additional or alternative clearance system approved by the Issuers and the Agent. 
Delivery 
Each Tranche of Notes will be initially represented by a Temporary Global Note without receipts, interest 
coupons or talons, which will: 
(i) 
if the global Notes are intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable Final 
Terms, be delivered on or prior to the relevant Issue Date to the Common Safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
(ii) 
if the global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
relevant Issue Date with the Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
without receipts, interest coupons or talons. 
If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form, the relevant clearing 
systems will be notified whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility and, if so, will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche 
to the Common Safekeeper. This means that the Notes are intended to be deposited with one of the 
international central securities depositaries (“ICSDs”) as Common Safekeeper and not necessarily that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
If the Temporary Global Note is not in NGN form, upon the initial deposit of a Temporary Global Note 
with the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a 
nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. If the 
Temporary Global Note is in NGN form, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Temporary 
Global Note shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be conclusive 
evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by such Temporary Global Note and, for these 
purposes, a statement issued by either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg stating the nominal amount 
of Notes represented by such Temporary Global Note at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, respectively, at the relevant time. 
Exchange 
A Permanent Global Note will only be issued initially in respect of any Tranche of Notes where certification 
of non-United States beneficial ownership is not required by U.S. Treasury Regulations. Unless otherwise 
agreed between the Issuers and the relevant Dealer, if the global Notes are intended to be issued in NGN 
form (to be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations), as stated in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Permanent Global Note will be delivered on or prior to the relevant Issue Date to the Common Safekeeper. 
If the global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, the Permanent Global Note will be delivered 
to the Common Depositary. 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after the date on which any Temporary 
Global Note is issued, interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchanged (free of charge) either 
for interests in a Permanent Global Note without receipts, interest coupons or talons or for definitive Notes 
with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) in each case against presentation of the Temporary Global Note only to the extent that certification 
of non-U.S. beneficial ownership (in a form to be provided) as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations has 
been received by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant system, and such clearing 
system has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. In relation to 
any issue of Notes which are expressed to be Temporary Global Notes exchangeable for definitive Notes, 
such Notes shall be tradeable only in a principal amount which is an integral multiple of the Specified 
Denomination.

--- Page 103 ---
96 
Holders of interests in any Temporary Global Note shall not (unless, upon due presentation of such 
Temporary Global Note for exchange for a Permanent Global Note or for delivery of definitive Notes, such 
exchange or delivery is improperly withheld or refused and such withholding or refusal is continuing at the 
relevant payment date) be entitled to receive any payment in respect of the Notes represented by such 
Temporary Global Note which falls due on or after the Exchange Date or be entitled to exercise any option 
on a date after the Exchange Date. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable 
(free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes, with, where applicable, receipts, interest 
coupons and talons attached, in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note. Global 
Notes and definitive Notes will be issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement. 
Exercise of put option  
For so long as all of the Notes are represented by one or both of the Global Notes and such Global Note(s) 
is/are held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the option of the Noteholders provided 
for in the Conditions may be exercised by an accountholder giving notice to the Paying Agent in accordance 
with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being 
given on his instructions by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them to 
the Paying Agent by electronic means) of the principal amount of the Notes, in respect of which such option 
is exercised. 
Payments 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal and interest (if any) 
due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made, against presentation of the Temporary 
Global Note (if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form), only to the extent 
that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Note 
are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. 
Treasury Regulations, has been received by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) on a global Note not in NGN form will be made through 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system against presentation or 
surrender (as the case may be of the global Note if not intended to be issued in NGN form), without any 
requirement for certification. If the global Note is not in NGN form, a record of each payment so made will 
be endorsed on each global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has 
been made in respect of the global Note. If a global Note is in NGN form, the Issuers shall procure that 
details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and represented by the global Note will be reduced accordingly. 
For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall 
be disregarded in the definition of “Payment Day” set out in Condition 7(e) (Payment Day). 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the global Note is in NGN form, the Issuers shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation 
or exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, shall be entered in the records 
of the relevant clearing systems and, upon such entry being made, the nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
Acceleration 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in “Terms and 
Conditions of Notes Issued by Naturgy Finance B.V.—Events of Default” and “Terms and Conditions of 
Notes Issued by Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A.—Events of Default”. In such circumstances, where any 
Note is still represented by a global Note and a holder of such Note so represented and credited to his 
securities account with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg gives notice that it wishes to accelerate such 
Note, unless within a period of 15 days from the giving of such notice payment has been made in full of 
the amount due in accordance with the terms of such global Note, such global Note will become void. At 
the same time, holders of interests in such global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will become entitled to proceed directly against the relevant Issuer on the basis

--- Page 104 ---
97 
of statements of account provided by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, on and subject to the terms 
of a deed of covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”) dated on or about 3 December 2021 executed by the 
relevant Issuer. 
Denominations 
So long as the Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note and the 
relevant clearing system(s) so permit, the Notes will be tradable only (a) if the Specified Denomination 
stated in the relevant Final Terms is “euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency)”, in the authorised 
denomination of euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and integral multiples of euro 100,000 
(or its equivalent in another currency) thereafter, or (b) if the Specified Denomination stated in the relevant 
Final Terms is “euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and integral multiples of euro 1,000 
(or its equivalent in another currency) in excess thereof”, in the minimum authorised denomination of euro 
100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and higher integral multiples of euro 1,000 (or its equivalent 
in another currency), notwithstanding that no definitive Notes will be issued with a denomination above 
euro 199,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
U.S. legend 
The following legend will appear on all global Notes, definitive Notes, Receipts, interest Coupons and 
Talons: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code.” 
The sections referred to in the legend above provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, 
will not be entitled to deduct any loss on Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to 
capital gains treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect 
of Notes, receipts or interest coupons.

--- Page 105 ---
98 
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
The following is the text of the Deed of Guarantee: 
THIS DEED OF GUARANTEE is made on 3 December 2021 
BY 
(1) 
NATURGY ENERGY GROUP, S.A. of Avenida de América, 38, Madrid, 28028, Spain 
(the “Guarantor”)  
IN FAVOUR OF 
(2) 
THE HOLDERS AND THE RELEVANT ACCOUNT HOLDERS (as defined below) (each a 
Beneficiary, and together, the “Beneficiaries”) 
WHEREAS 
(A) 
Naturgy Finance B.V. and the Guarantor established a euro medium term note programme for the 
issuance of debt instruments (the “Programme”) and Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. and Naturgy 
Finance B.V. have acceded to the Programme, with Naturgy Finance B.V. having substituted Gas 
Natural Finance B.V. as an issuer thereunder.  
(B) 
Pursuant to the Programme, Naturgy Finance B.V. and Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. (the 
Issuers) may from time to time issue notes (“Notes”) in an aggregate nominal amount of up to 
euro 12,000,000,000 (subject to adjustment) in accordance with the amended and restated 
programme agreement dated on or about 3 December 2021 relating to the Programme, as amended, 
supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time). 
(C) 
In connection with the Programme the Issuers have entered into an amended and restated agency 
agreement dated on or about 3 December 2021 (as amended, supplemented, restated or replaced 
from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) and made between the Issuers, the Guarantor, 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch as Agent and the other Paying Agents named therein and each 
Issuer has executed and delivered a deed of covenant (each, a “Deed of Covenant”) dated on or 
about 3 December 2021. 
(D) 
The Guarantor has duly authorised the giving of a guarantee in respect of the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme and each Deed of Covenant. 
THIS DEED WITNESSES as follows: 
1. 
Interpretation 
1.1 
In this Deed of Guarantee: 
“Conditions” means the terms and conditions of Notes issued by Naturgy Finance B.V. or the 
terms and conditions of Notes issued by Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A., as the case may be (in 
each case, as scheduled to the Agency Agreement and as modified from time to time in accordance 
with their terms) and any reference to a numbered “Condition” is to the correspondingly 
numbered provision thereof; 
“Holder” in relation to any Note means, at any time, the person who is the bearer of such Note; and 
“Relevant Account Holder” has the meaning given in each Deed of Covenant. 
1.2 
Clause headings are for ease of reference only. 
Terms not otherwise defined herein shall bear the meanings assigned to them in the Conditions 
and each Deed of Covenant. 
1.3 
Benefit of Deed of Guarantee 
Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Deed of Guarantee shall have 
the benefit of this Deed of Guarantee but shall not have the benefit of any subsequent guarantee 
relating to the Programme (unless expressly so provided in any such subsequent guarantee).

--- Page 106 ---
99 
2. 
Guarantee and indemnity 
2.1 
The Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees: 
(a) 
to each Holder the due and punctual payment of any and every sum or sums of money 
which each Issuer shall at any time be liable to pay under or pursuant to any Note as and 
when the same shall become due and payable and agrees unconditionally to pay to such 
Holder, forthwith upon demand by such Holder and in the manner and currency 
prescribed by such Notes for payments by the relevant Issuer thereunder, any and every 
sum or sums of money which each Issuer shall at any time be liable to pay under or 
pursuant to such Note and which the relevant Issuer shall have failed to pay at the time 
such demand is made; and 
(b) 
to each Relevant Account Holder the due and punctual payment of all amounts due to 
such Relevant Account Holder under each Deed of Covenant as and when the same shall 
become due and payable and agrees unconditionally to pay to such Relevant Account 
Holder, forthwith on demand by such Relevant Account Holder and in the manner and in 
the currency prescribed pursuant to the relevant Deed of Covenant for payments by the 
relevant Issuer thereunder, any and every sum or sums of money which the relevant Issuer 
shall at any time be liable to pay under or pursuant to the relevant Deed of Covenant and 
which the relevant Issuer shall have failed to pay at the time demand is made. 
2.2 
As a separate, additional and continuing obligation, the Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably 
undertakes with each Beneficiary that, should any amount referred to in Clause 2.1 not be 
recoverable from the Guarantor thereunder for any reason whatsoever (including, without 
limitation, by reason of any Note, any provision of any Note, the relevant Deed of Covenant or 
any provision thereof being or becoming void, unenforceable or otherwise invalid under any 
applicable law) then, notwithstanding that the same may have been known to such Holder or 
Relevant Account Holder, the Guarantor will, as a sole, original and independent obligor, upon 
first written demand under Clause 2.1, make payment of such amount by way of a full indemnity 
in such currency and otherwise in such manner as is provided for in the Notes or the relevant Deed 
of Covenant (as the case may be) and indemnify each Beneficiary against all losses, claims, costs, 
charges and expenses to which it may be subject or which it may incur under or in connection with 
the Notes, the relevant Deed of Covenant or this Deed of Guarantee. 
3. 
Compliance with the conditions 
The Guarantor covenants in favour of each Beneficiary that it will duly perform and comply with 
the obligations expressed to be undertaken by it in the Conditions. 
4. 
Preservation of rights 
4.1 
obligations of the Guarantor herein contained shall be deemed to be undertaken as sole or principal 
debtor. 
4.2 
The obligations of the Guarantor herein contained shall constitute and be continuing obligations 
notwithstanding any settlement of account or other matters or things whatsoever and, in particular 
but without limitation, shall not be considered satisfied by any partial payment or satisfaction of 
all or any of the obligations arising under any Note or Deed of Covenant and shall continue in full 
force and effect in respect of each Note and the relevant Deed of Covenant until final repayment 
in full of all amounts owing by the relevant Issuer, and total satisfaction of all the actual and 
contingent obligations of such Issuer under such Note or such Deed of Covenant. 
4.3 
Neither the obligations of the Guarantor herein contained nor the rights, powers and remedies 
conferred upon the Beneficiaries or any of them by this Deed of Guarantee or by law shall be 
discharged, impaired or otherwise affected by: 
(a) 
the insolvency, winding-up, liquidation, dissolution, amalgamation, reconstruction or 
reorganisation of the relevant Issuer, or analogous proceedings in any jurisdiction or any 
change in status, function, control or ownership of the relevant Issuer; or 
(b) 
any of the obligations of the relevant Issuer, under any of the Notes or the relevant Deed 
of Covenant being or becoming illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect; or

--- Page 107 ---
100 
(c) 
time or other indulgence being granted or agreed to be granted to the relevant Issuer, in 
respect of any obligations arising under any of the Notes or the relevant Deed of 
Covenant; or 
(d) 
any amendment to, or any variation, waiver or release of, any obligation of the relevant 
Issuer under any of the Notes or the relevant Deed of Covenant; or  
(e) 
any other act, event or omission which, but for this Clause 4.3, would or might operate 
to discharge, impair or otherwise affect the obligations of the Guarantor herein contained 
or any of the rights, powers or remedies conferred upon the Holders, the Relevant 
Account Holders or any of them by this Deed of Guarantee or by law. 
4.4 
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, any settlement or discharge between the 
Guarantor and the Beneficiaries or any of them shall be conditional upon no payment to the 
Beneficiaries or any of them by the relevant Issuer, or any other person on behalf of the relevant 
Issuer being avoided or reduced by virtue of any provisions or enactments relating to bankruptcy, 
insolvency or liquidation for the time being in force and, in the event of any such payment being 
so avoided or reduced, the Beneficiaries shall each be entitled to recover the amount by which 
such payment is so avoided or reduced from the Guarantor subsequently as if such settlement or 
discharge had not occurred. 
4.5 
No Beneficiary shall be obliged before exercising any of the rights, powers or remedies conferred 
upon it by this Deed of Guarantee or by law: 
(a) 
to make any demand of the relevant Issuer other than the presentation of the relevant 
Note; or 
(b) 
to take any action or obtain judgement in any court against the relevant Issuer; or 
(c) 
to make or file any claim or proof in a winding-up or dissolution of the relevant Issuer 
and, save as aforesaid, the Guarantor hereby expressly waives, in respect of each Note, 
presentment, demand and protest and notice of dishonour. 
4.6 
The Guarantor agrees that so long as any amounts are or may be owed by the relevant Issuer, under 
any of the Notes or the relevant Deed of Covenant or the relevant Issuer is under any actual or 
contingent obligations thereunder, the Guarantor shall not exercise rights which the Guarantor 
may at any time have by reason of performance by the Guarantor of its obligations hereunder: 
(a) 
to be indemnified by the relevant Issuer; and/or 
(b) 
to claim any contribution from any other guarantor of the obligations of the relevant 
Issuer, under the Notes or the relevant Deed of Covenant; and/or 
(c) 
to take the benefit (in whole or in part) of any security taken pursuant to, or in connection 
with, any of the Notes or the relevant Deed of Covenant, by all or any of the persons to 
whom the benefit of the Guarantor’s obligations are given; and/or 
(d) 
to be subrogated to the rights of any Beneficiary against the relevant Issuer, in respect of 
amounts paid by the Guarantor pursuant to the provisions of this Deed of Guarantee. 
4.7 
The Guarantor hereby covenants that its obligations hereunder rank as described in Condition 3 
(Status of the Deed of Guarantee). 
5. 
Stamp duties 
The Guarantor will promptly pay any stamp duty or other documentary taxes (including any 
penalties and interest in respect thereof) payable in connection with the execution, delivery and 
performance of this Deed of Guarantee, and will indemnify and hold harmless each Beneficiary 
on demand from all liabilities arising from any failure to pay, or delay in paying, such taxes.

--- Page 108 ---
101 
6. 
Deed poll; Benefit of Guarantee 
6.1 
This Deed of Guarantee shall take effect as a deed poll for the benefit of the Beneficiaries from 
time to time and for the time being. 
6.2 
The Guarantor hereby acknowledges and covenants that the obligations binding upon it contained 
herein are owed to, and shall be for the benefit of, each and every Beneficiary, and that each 
Beneficiary shall be entitled severally to enforce the said obligations against the Guarantor. 
6.3 
The Guarantor may not assign or transfer all or any of its rights, benefits and obligations hereunder.  
7. 
Provisions severable 
Each of the provisions in this Deed of Guarantee shall be severable and distinct from the others 
and the illegality, invalidity or unenforceability of any one or more provisions under the law of 
any jurisdiction shall not affect or impair the legality, validity or enforceability of any other 
provisions in that jurisdiction nor the legality, validity or enforceability of any provisions under 
the law of any other jurisdiction. 
8. 
Currency indemnity 
If any sum due from the Guarantor under this Deed of Guarantee or any order or judgement given 
or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the “first currency”) in which 
the same is payable under this Deed of Guarantee or such order or judgement into another currency 
(the “second currency”) for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the 
Guarantor, (b) obtaining an order or judgement in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any 
order or judgement given or made in relation to this Deed of Guarantee, the Guarantor shall 
indemnify each Beneficiary on demand against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy 
between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the 
first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such 
Beneficiary may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second 
currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, 
judgement, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Guarantor and shall give 
rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
9. 
Notices 
Notices to the Guarantor will be deemed to be validly given if delivered at Avenida Diagonal 525, 
Barcelona, 08029, Spain (or at such other address and for such other attention as may have been 
notified to Holders in accordance with the Conditions) and will be deemed to have been validly 
given at the opening of business on the next day on which the Guarantor’s principal office is open 
for business. 
10. 
Law and jurisdiction 
10.1 
Governing law 
This Deed of Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
it are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
10.2 
English courts 
The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a “Dispute”), arising from 
or connected with this Deed of Guarantee (including a dispute regarding the existence, validity or 
termination of this Deed of Guarantee) or the consequences of its nullity. 
10.3 
Appropriate forum 
The Guarantor agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts to 
settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary.

--- Page 109 ---
102 
10.4 
Rights of the Beneficiaries to take proceedings outside England 
Clause 10.2 (English courts) is for the benefit of the Beneficiaries only. As a result, nothing in this 
Clause 10 (Law and Jurisdiction) prevents the Beneficiaries from taking proceedings relating to a 
Dispute (“Proceedings”) in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the 
Beneficiaries may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
10.5 
Process agent 
The Guarantor agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings in England and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings in England may be served on it 
by being delivered to Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at 8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, 
London, EC2N 4AG, United Kingdom, or, if different, its registered office for the time being or 
at any address of the Guarantor in Great Britain at which process may be served on it in accordance 
with Part 34 of the Companies Act 2006. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed 
to accept service of process on behalf of the Guarantor, the Guarantor shall, on the written demand 
of any Beneficiary addressed and delivered to the Guarantor appoint a further person in England 
to accept service of process on its behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any 
Beneficiary shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the Guarantor 
and delivered to the Guarantor. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Beneficiary 
to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 110 ---
103 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Deed has been executed as a deed by the Guarantor and is intended to be 
and is hereby delivered on the date first above written. 
 
SIGNED as a DEED on behalf of  
 
 
 
) 
 
NATURGY ENERGY GROUP, S.A., a company incorporated 
)  
in Spain, by _______________________, 
 
 
 
) 
being a person who, in accordance with the laws of that 
 
) 
territory, is acting under the authority of the Company. 
 
)

--- Page 111 ---
104 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise set forth in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of 
Notes will be on-lent to Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. to be used by Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. and its 
consolidated subsidiaries for: 
(a) 
general corporate purposes; and  
(b) 
to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects, in which case the relevant 
Notes will be identified as “Green Bonds” in the title of the Notes in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purpose of this section: 
“Eligible Green Projects” means Renewable Energy Projects, Transmission, Distribution and Smart Grid 
Projects and Energy Efficiency Projects which meet a set of environmental and social criteria approved both 
by the Guarantor and by a reputed sustainability rating agency, and which criteria will be made available on 
the Guarantor’s website (www.naturgy.com) in the investor relations section; 
“Renewable Energy Projects” means the financing of, or investments in the development of, the 
construction, the operation and maintenance, repowering and the installation of renewable energy 
production units for the production of energy through: (i) renewable non-fossil sources and (ii) hydro, 
geothermal, wind, solar, waves and other renewable energy sources; 
“Transmission, Distribution and Smart Grid Projects” means the financing of, or investments in the 
building of, the operation and the maintenance of electric power distribution, transmission networks and 
smart metering systems, that contribute to: (i) connecting renewable energy production units to the general 
network and (ii) improving networks in terms of demand-size management, energy efficiency and access to 
electricity; and 
“Energy Efficiency Projects” means projects that contribute to a reduction of energy consumption per unit 
of output, such as: optimisation and renewal of high efficiency equipment in energy systems (for example, 
heating systems, cooling systems, lighting systems, hot water systems), district heating, co-generation or 
improved insulation of buildings.

--- Page 112 ---
105 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the [Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore 
(the SFA) - [To insert notice if classification of the Notes are not “prescribed capital markets products”, 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or “Excluded Investment Products” (as defined in MAS Notice SFA

--- Page 113 ---
106 
 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products )]”.]1 
The form of the Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of 
non-applicable provisions and the completion of applicable provisions: 
Capitalised words and expressions used in a Final Terms shall, save to the extent otherwise defined therein, 
have the meanings given thereto in the relevant Terms and Conditions and in the Agency Agreement. 
[Date] 
 
 
 
1 Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch 
of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 114 ---
107 
 
 
[Naturgy Finance B.V. 
(Incorporated with limited liability in The Netherlands and having its statutory domicile in Amsterdam)]/ 
[Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. 
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain)] 
[Title] of relevant Tranche of Notes (specifying type of Notes)] (the Notes) 
Guaranteed by 
Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. 
issued pursuant to the euro 12,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
LEI: [959800DJELPWX1LAT467] [2138005FTXOJUBQ5J563] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions of Notes issued 
by [Naturgy Finance B.V.]/[Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A.] set forth in the base prospectus dated 3 
December 2021 (the “Base Prospectus”) [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [•]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only available on 
the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and the 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus] has been published on [•].  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of 
Notes issued by [Naturgy Finance B.V.]/[Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A.] (the “Conditions”) set forth in the 
base prospectus dated [26 November 2012]/[19 November 2013]/[12 December 2014]/[2 December 
2015]/[2 December 2016]/[30 November 2017]/[21 December 2018]/[3 April 2020]. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full 
information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from 
the base prospectus dated [26 November 2012]/[19 November 2013]/[12 December 2014]/[2 December 
2015]/[2 December 2016]/[30 November 2017]/[21 December 2018]/[3 April 2020]. Full information on 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms and the Base Prospectus dated 3 December 2021 [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus 
dated [•]]. The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus] has been published on [•].  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.]

--- Page 115 ---
108 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
2.  
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes: 
[•] 
 
 
(i)  
Series: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii)  
Tranche: 
[•] 
 
(iii)   
Date on which the 
 
Notes will become 
 
fungible: 
[•]/[N/A] 
 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[•]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [•]] 
 
(a)  
Specified 
 
Denominations: 
[•] 
 
 
(b)  
Calculation  
 
 
 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[•]/[Issue Date]/[N/A] 
 
7.  
Maturity Date: 
[•]/[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[•]] 
 
8.  
Interest Basis: 
 
(see Condition 5 (Interest)) 
[[•]% Fixed Rate] 
[[•] month [EURIBOR]/[SONIA] +/- [•]% 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
 
(see Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase)) 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [•]% of their nominal amount 
 
10.  
Change of Interest Basis: 
 
(see Condition 5 (Interest)) 
[Applicable]/[N/A] 
 
11.  
Put/Call Options: 
 
(see Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase)) 
 
 
 
[Call Option]

--- Page 116 ---
109 
 
 
[Put Option] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Substantial Purchase Event] 
[Make-Whole Redemption] 
 
 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
 
12. 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[•] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
13.  
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
 
(see Condition 5 (Interest)) 
[Applicable]/[N/A] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•]% per annum [payable [annually / semi-annually 
/ quarterly / monthly / [•]] in arrear] 
 
 
(iii)  
Interest Payment  Date(s): 
[•] [and [•]] in each year  
 
(iv)  
First Interest Payment 
 
Date: 
[•] 
 
(v)  
Fixed Coupon 
 
Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(vi)  
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]]/[N/A] 
 
(vii)  
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/[30E/360 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(viii)  
Determination Dates: 
[[•] in each year]/[N/A] 
 
14.  
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
 
(see Condition 5 (Interest)) 
[Applicable]/[N/A] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i)    
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii)    
Specified Interest 
 
Payment Dates: 
[[•] in each year]/[N/A] 
 
(iii)    
First Interest Payment 
 
Date: 
[•]

--- Page 117 ---
110 
 
(iv)   
Business Day 
 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
(v)    
Business Centre(s): 
[•]/[N/A] 
 
(vi)   
Manner in which the 
 
Rate(s) of Interest 
 
is/are to be 
 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vii)   
Party responsible for 
 
calculating the Rate(s) 
 
of Interest and Interest 
 
Amount(s) (if not the 
 
Agent): 
[[•] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
 
(viii)  
Screen Rate 
 
Determination: 
 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR]/[SONIA] 
 
– 
Reference Banks: 
[•] 
 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] [The [•] London Banking Day falling after the 
last day of each Observation Period] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[•] 
 
– 
[Observation Look-
back Period]: 
[•]/[N/A] 
 
(ix)  
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
– 
Floating Rate 
 
Option: 
[•] 
 
– 
Designated 
 
Maturity: 
[•] 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•]% per annum 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•]% per annum 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•]% per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/[30E/360 
(ISDA)](/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]

--- Page 118 ---
111 
 
15.  
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(see Condition 5 (Interest)) 
[Applicable]/[N/A] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i)  
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] 
 
Yield: 
[•]% per annum 
 
(iii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
16.  
Call Option 
 
(see Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase)) 
[Applicable]/[N/A] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i)  
Optional Redemption 
 
Date(s): 
[•]  
 
(ii)  
Optional Redemption 
 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii)  
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
 
Redemption 
 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
 
Redemption 
 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
17.  
Put Option 
 
(see Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase)) 
[Applicable]/[N/A] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i)  
Optional Redemption 
 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii)  
Optional Redemption 
 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
18.  
Residual Maturity Call Option 
(see Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase)) 
[Applicable]/[N/A] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Residual Maturity Call 
Option Redemption Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[Any date falling in the [•]-
month period ending on the Maturity Date] 
 
19.  
Substantial Purchase Event 
 
(see Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase)) 
[Applicable]/[N/A]

--- Page 119 ---
112 
 
20.  
Make-Whole Redemption 
 
(see Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase)) 
[Applicable]/[N/A] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i)  
Make-Whole Redemption 
 
Rate: 
[The yield to maturity on the [•] Business Day 
preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date of the 
[•] due [•] (ISIN: [•])]/[•]  
 
(ii)  
Make-Whole Redemption 
Margin: 
[•] per cent. 
 
21.  
Change of Control Put Option 
 
(see Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase)) 
[Applicable]/[N/A] 
 
22.  
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
23.  
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default or other early redemption: 
 
(see Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase)) 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
 
(see “Form of the Notes” on page 
[•]) 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
definitive Notes on the Exchange Date]  
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
25.   
New Global Note 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
26.  
Financial Centre(s)  
[N/A]/[ •] 
 
27.  
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes]/[No]

--- Page 120 ---
113 
 
28.  
Details relating to Instalment Notes:  
 
(see Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase)) 
[Applicable]/[N/A] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i)  
Instalment Amount(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii)  
Instalment Date(s):  
[•] 
 
29.  
Consolidation provisions: 
[N/A]/[The provisions in Condition 16 (Further 
Issues) apply] 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
30. 
If syndicated, names of   
 
Managers: 
[N/A]/[ •] 
 
31.  
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[N/A]/[ •] 
 
32.  
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
 
(see page [176]) 
[Reg. S Compliance Category: TEFRA D/ TEFRA 
not applicable] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[•] has been extracted from [•]. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [•], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]

--- Page 121 ---
114 
 
By: …………………………………………. 
Signed on behalf of [Naturgy Finance B.V.]/[Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A.] 
Duly authorised 
 
By: …………………………………………. 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor 
Duly authorised

--- Page 122 ---
115 
 
OTHER INFORMATION 
1.  
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i)  
Listing: 
 
 
(see cover page) 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed on [the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/[•].]/[Application 
is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be listed on [•].]/[Not applicable.] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange]/[•]] with effect from [●].]/[Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on [•]] with effect 
from [•].]/[Not applicable.] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii)  
Estimate of total 
 
expenses related to 
 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
 
2.  
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[N/A]/[The Notes to be issued [(have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated [●] by [●]] [and endorsed by [●]] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[[●] is established in the European Union and is 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 (the 
“CRA Regulation”).] 
[[●] is not established in the European Union and has 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”).] 
[[●] is established in the European Union and has 
applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”), 
although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision 
has not yet been provided by the relevant competent 
authority.] 
[[●] is not established in the European Union and has 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”) but the rating 
issued by it is endorsed by [●] which is established in 
the European Union and [is registered under the CRA 
Regulation]/[has applied for registration under the 
CRA Regulation, although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been

--- Page 123 ---
116 
 
provided by the relevant competent authority].] 
[[●] is not established in the European Union and has 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”) but is certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation.] 
[[●] is not established in the European Union and is not 
certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 (the 
“CRA Regulation”) and the rating given by it is not 
endorsed by a Credit Rating Agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation.] 
[A list of rating agencies registered under the CRA 
Regulation 
can 
be 
found 
at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[N/A]/[Save for (i) any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers] and (ii) so far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the issue/offer of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer, the Guarantor and any of their affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business for which they may receive fees.]/[●] 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
See [“Use of Proceeds”] in the Base Prospectus/Give 
details] 
 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
5.  
Fixed Rate Notes only — YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[N/A]/[●] 
 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. and the relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[N/A]/[●] 
 
(iv) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would 
allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes][No][N/A] 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy

--- Page 124 ---
117 
 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
(v) 
Names and addresses of 
initial Paying Agent(s): 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Names and addresses of 
additional 
Paying 
Agent(s): 
[N/A]/[●] 
 
 
 
 
 
.

--- Page 125 ---
118 
 
DESCRIPTION OF NATURGY FINANCE B.V. 
Incorporation and Status 
Naturgy Finance B.V. was incorporated on 26 November 1993 under the name Union Fenosa Finance B.V. 
and operates under the laws of The Netherlands as a private limited liability company (besloten 
vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) with its corporate seat in Rotterdam, The Netherlands, for 
an indefinite period. On 23 March 2012, its name changed from Union Fenosa Finance B.V. to Gas Natural 
Fenosa Finance B.V. and its statutory seat changed from Rotterdam to Amsterdam. Its name changed to 
Naturgy Finance B.V. (“NF”) pursuant to an amendment to the articles of association on 6 August 2018. 
The registered office address of NF is at Barbara Strozzilaan 201, 1083 HN Amsterdam, The Netherlands 
and the telephone number is +31 20 421 32 90. NF is registered with the Trade Register of the Dutch 
Chamber of Commerce under number 24243533. The Legal Entity Identifier of NF is 
2138005FTXOJUBQ5J563. NF’s website is www.naturgy.com.  
Share Capital 
As at 31 December 2020, NF’s authorised share capital was €90,756.00 divided into 200 ordinary shares of 
€453.78 each. Its issued share capital is fully paid-up and is owned by the Guarantor. NF has no subsidiaries.  
Business 
NF was incorporated to facilitate the raising of finance for the Group. 
In order to achieve its objectives, NF is authorised to raise funds by issuing negotiable obligations, perpetual 
subordinated securities and commercial paper on the capital and money markets. 
Managing Directors  
On 17 September 2015, the Guarantor, in its capacity as the sole shareholder of NF, resolved, among other 
things, to (i) amend the articles of association of NF, (ii) establish a Supervisory Board and an Audit 
Committee out of its members and (iii) change the composition of the Board of Management of NF, reducing 
its members from five to three. The creation of the Supervisory Board and the Audit Committee was aimed 
at improving the corporate governance of NF. The function of the Supervisory Board is to supervise NF’s 
Board of Management, the general course of affairs and business of NF. 
The Board of Management of NF has the ultimate responsibility for the administration of the affairs of NF. 
The managing directors, their position in NF and their principal activities outside NF as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus are as follows: 
Name 
Position 
Principal activities outside NF 
Enrique Berenguer Marsal 
Managing 
Director 
Finance Director of the Group 
Gunther Axel Reinder Warris 
Managing 
Director 
Proxy holder A 
of Intertrust (Netherlands) B.V. 
Valeria Torres Ledesma 
Managing 
Director 
— 
 
The business address of NF and the managing directors is Barbara Strozzilaan 201, 1083 HN Amsterdam, 
The Netherlands. 
Members of the Supervisory Board  
The Supervisory Board of NF has the responsibility of supervising NF’s Board of Management, the general 
course of affairs and business of NF. In December 2019, the Supervisory Board also assumed the functions 
of NF’s Audit Committee. The members of the Supervisory Board, their position in NF and their principal 
activities outside NF as at the date of this Base Prospectus are as follows:

--- Page 126 ---
119 
 
Name 
Position 
 
Principal activities outside NF 
Irene Velasco Miranda 
Supervisory Board 
member  
Head of the Accounting Planning and Corporate 
Operations Department of the Group  
Carles Llobet Contijoch 
Supervisory Board 
member 
Member of the Finance s Department of the Group 
Maarten van Daalen 
Supervisory Board 
member 
Managing director of Amstelcorp B.V., a provider 
of legal, administrative and accounting services to 
international corporations 
The business address of the members of the Supervisory Board is Barbara Strozzilaan 201, 1083 HN 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands. 
Conflicts of Interest  
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the managing directors and the members of 
the Supervisory Board of NF to NF and their respective private interests and/or duties.

--- Page 127 ---
120 
 
DESCRIPTION OF NATURGY CAPITAL MARKETS, S.A. 
Incorporation and Status 
Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. (“NCM”) was incorporated on 23 May 2005 under the name Gas Natural 
Capital Markets, S.A. for an indefinite period and operates under Spanish law as a limited liability company 
(sociedad anónima) registered at the Commercial Registry of Madrid at Volume 36,591, Folio 125, Page 
M-6567666. It changed its name to Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. with effect from 6 July 2018. The 
registered office of NCM is at Avenida de América 38, Madrid, 28028, Spain and the telephone number is 
+34 91 589 34 50. 
Share Capital 
As at 31 December 2020, the authorised share capital of NCM was €100,000 represented by 1,000 registered 
shares having a nominal value of €100 each, numbered 1 to 1,000. The share capital of NCM is fully 
subscribed and paid up by the Guarantor (in respect of 999 shares), and La Propagadora del Gas, S.A. (in 
respect of one share). NCM has no subsidiaries. 
Business 
NCM was incorporated to facilitate the raising of finance for the Guarantor. 
The objectives of NCM are to raise funds by issuing debt financial instruments, including ordinary or 
subordinated debt.  
Directors 
On 6 June 2016, the extraordinary general shareholder’s meeting of NCM resolved, among other things, (i) 
to amend the by-laws of NCM in order to modify the administrative body of NCM, replacing the prior 
system of the Board of Directors with the appointment of a sole director, (ii) the appointment of Mr. Enrique 
Berenguer Marsal as sole director of NCM and (iii) for the Audit Committee of the Guarantor to assume the 
auditing functions for NCM, as provided by Law 22/2015 of 20 July. 
The sole director of NCM has the ultimate responsibility for the administration of the affairs of NCM. The 
position of the sole director in NCM and his principal activities outside NCM as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus are as follows: 
 Name 
Position in NCM 
Principal activities outside NCM 
Enrique Berenguer Marsal 
Sole Director 
Finance Director of the Group 
 
The business address of the sole director of NCM is Avenida Diagonal 525, Barcelona, 08029, Spain.  
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the sole director of NCM to NCM and his 
private interests and/or duties.

--- Page 128 ---
121 
 
DESCRIPTION OF NATURGY ENERGY GROUP, S.A. 
Incorporation and Status 
Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. (the “Guarantor”) was incorporated on 28 January 1843 for an indefinite 
period and operates under Spanish law as a limited liability company (sociedad anónima) registered at the 
Commercial Registry of Madrid with reference Volume 36,567, Folio 35, Page M-656514. Its change of 
name from Gas Natural SDG, S.A. to Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. was agreed on 27 June 2018 at the 
Guarantor’s general shareholders’ meeting and such name change took effect on that day. The registered 
office of the Guarantor is at Avenida de América, 38. 28028 Madrid, Spain and the telephone number is 
+34 91 589 34 50. The Legal Entity Identifier of the Guarantor is TL2N6M87CW970S5SV098. The 
Guarantor’s website is www.naturgy.com. 
The Guarantor is the parent company of the Group. For an overview of the Guarantor’s subsidiaries, joint 
ventures, jointly-controlled assets and operations and associates, please see Appendix I to the 2021 Interim 
Financial Statements, which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Share Capital 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the authorised share capital of the Guarantor is €969,613,801, 
represented by book entries and forming a single class. The share capital is fully subscribed and paid up.  
Principal Shareholders  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantor’s largest shareholders are: (i) Criteria Caixa, S.A.U. 
(“Criteria”) with a shareholding of 26.7%, (ii) Rioja Acquisitions S.à.r.l with a shareholding of 20.7%, (iii) 
GIP III Canary 1 S.à.r.l. with a shareholding of 20.6%, (iv) Global InfraCo O (2) S.à r.l (“Global InfraCo”), 
a subsidiary of IFM Global Infrastructure Fund (“IFM GIF”), with a shareholding of 11.0% and (v) Société 
Nationale pour la Recherche, la Production, le Transport, la Transformation, et la Commercialisation des 
Hydrocarbures s.p.a. (“Sonatrach”) with a shareholding of 4.1%. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
Naturgy’s financial disclosures as well as the information set forth in this Base Prospectus (including in this 
section “Description of Naturgy Energy Group, S.A.”) contain magnitudes and metrics drafted in accordance 
with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and others that are based on the Group’s 
disclosure model, referred to as Alternative Performance Measures (“APMs”), which are viewed as adjusted 
figures with respect to those presented in accordance with IFRS standards. 
The chosen APMs are useful for persons consulting financial information as they allow for an analysis of 
the financial performance, cash flows and financial situation of Naturgy, as well as a comparison with other 
companies. 
Generally, APM terms are directly traceable to the relevant items of the interim consolidated balance sheet, 
interim consolidated statement of income, interim consolidated cash flow statement or notes to the 
condensed consolidated interim financial statements of Naturgy. Terms which cannot be directly cross-
referenced are reconciled in Appendix I (Alternative performance metrics) to the Interim Consolidated 
Directors’ Report 2021 which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
With regard to “Ordinary EBITDA” and “Ordinary Profit attributable to equity holders of the parent 
company”, which are both APMs, “Ordinary EBITDA” is defined as EBITDA minus non-ordinary items 
and “Ordinary Profit attributable to equity holders of the parent company” is defined as Profit attributable 
to equity holders of the parent company minus non-ordinary items. See Appendix I (Alternative 
performance metrics) to the Interim Consolidated Directors’ Report 2021 which is incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus, and the table further below setting forth the breakdown of non-ordinary items for 
the first half of 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
Unless expressly specified otherwise in this Base Prospectus, any reference to EBITDA in this Base 
Prospectus refers to Reported EBITDA.

--- Page 129 ---
122 
 
History  
The history of the Group can be traced back to 28 January 1843, when Sociedad Catalana para el 
Alumbrado por Gas was incorporated with the aim of installing a street lighting system in the city of 
Barcelona by means of gas manufactured from coal. In 1987, the company changed its name to Catalana de 
Gas, S.A. and, on 31 December 1991, Catalana de Gas, S.A. merged with and absorbed Gas Madrid, S.A. 
(incorporated in 1921), thus acquiring the piped gas distribution assets of the Repsol group. In March 1992, 
Catalana de Gas, S.A., the surviving entity from the merger, changed its name to Gas Natural SDG, S.A. 
In the 1990s, the Group commenced a process of international expansion. In December 1992, the Group led 
a consortium that successfully bid for 70% of a concession to distribute natural gas in Argentina, and, in 
1996, the Group became the majority shareholder in Metragaz, S.A. (“Metragaz”) and Europe-Maghreb 
Pipeline Ltd. 
Since 1997, the Group continued its process of international expansion through the acquisition of gas and 
electricity assets in Latin America (including Brazil, Colombia, Mexico and Puerto Rico) and Western 
Europe (principally Italy and France). Pursuant to an agreement signed on 30 July 2008, the Guarantor 
acquired an additional stake in Unión Fenosa, S.A. (“Unión Fenosa”) from Actividades de Construcción y 
Servicios, S.A. (“ACS”) and subsequently launched a mandatory takeover bid for the remaining Unión 
Fenosa shares. The takeover offer was successful and the merger process between the Guarantor and Unión 
Fenosa was completed in September 2009. 
On 8 January 2013, the Group signed an agreement with Algerian company Sonatrach to acquire 10% of 
Medgaz, S.A. (“Medgaz”). Medgaz operates the Algeria-Europe subsea gas pipeline connecting Beni Saf 
(Algeria) with the coast of Almería (Spain). On 30 July 2013, the Guarantor acquired from GDF Suez a 
4.9% shareholding in Medgaz, thereby increasing its total stake to 14.9%. 
On 15 October 2019, Naturgy reached an agreement to acquire an additional 34.05% stake in Medgaz from 
CEPSA Holding LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Mubadala Investment Company (“Mubadala”), for 
€445 million, through a special purpose vehicle (“SPV”). On 2 April 2020, BlackRock’s Global Energy & 
Power Infrastructure Fund (“GEPIF”) acquired a 50% stake in the SPV at the same price at which the 
Medgaz stake was agreed to be purchased from Mubadala.  
On 19 March 2018, the Group sold a minority stake of 20% in the Group’s gas distribution business in Spain 
to a consortium of long-term infrastructure investors comprising Allianz Capital Partners and Canada 
Pension Plan Investment Board.  
On 13 November 2020, Naturgy announced an agreement to sell its 96.04% equity shareholding in Chilean 
utility company Compañia General de Electricidad, S.A. (“CGE”) (which holds the power business in 
Chile) to State Grid International Development Limited for a total purchase price of €2,570 million. The 
transaction was completed on 26 July 2021. 
On 1 December 2020, Naturgy, Eni S.p.A. (“ENI”) and The Arab Republic of Egypt reached an agreement 
to resolve the disputes affecting Union Fenosa Gas (“UFG”), the 50%/50% partnership between Naturgy 
and ENI. The transaction completed in March 2021 and Naturgy received a series of cash payments adding 
up to approximately U.S.$0.6bn, as well as most of the assets outside of Egypt, excluding UFG’s 
commercial activities in Spain.  
Recent Developments 
Voluntary and unsolicited offer for 22.689% of the Guarantor’s share capital 
The Guarantor learned on 25 January 2021, through the relevant information disclosed to the Comisión 
Nacional del Mercado de Valores (the “CNMV”) by Global InfraCo (the “Offeror”), wholly-owned by 
IFM GIF, the terms and conditions of a voluntary and unsolicited offer made for 220,000,000 shares in the 
Guarantor, representing 22.689% of the Guarantor’s share capital (the “Offer”). 
On 8 September 2021, the CNMV authorised the Offer. Prior to such authorisation, the Offeror obtained, 
on 3 August 2021, the authorisation from the Spanish Council of Ministers (Consejo de Ministros) for the 
Offer, subject to certain conditions which were accepted by the Offeror on 5 August 2021.

--- Page 130 ---
123 
 
The initial consideration of the Offer amounted to €23.00 for each share in the Guarantor, fully payable in 
cash. However, this price was subsequently adjusted downwards to €22.07 per share as a consequence of 
the dividend payments made by the Guarantor to its shareholders after the announcement of the Offer on 25 
January 2021. 
The acceptance period started on 9 September 2021 and lasted for 30 calendar days until 8 October 2021. 
The Offer was conditional on the acceptance of at least 164,834,347 Naturgy shares, representing 17% of 
the Guarantor’s share capital. 
On 14 October 2021, the Offeror announced that the Offer had been accepted by 105,021,887 shares, 
representing 10.83% of the Guarantor’s share capital. At this point, the Offeror decided to waive the 
minimum acceptance condition of 17% and the Offer was settled on 19 October 2021 with IFM GIF 
becoming a significant shareholder in Naturgy with an initial shareholding of 10.83%. 
None of the Guarantor’s three main shareholders accepted the Offer, which is consistent with what they had 
previously announced. The Guarantor’s directors, individually, and the Board of Directors collectively (in 
respect of the Guarantor’s treasury shares) decided not to tender either. 
New Strategic Plan 2021-2025  
On 27 July 2021, the Guarantor’s Board of Directors unanimously approved a new Strategic Plan for the 
period 2021 through 2025 (the “Strategic Plan”), which aims to accelerate the transformation of the Group 
by investing in assets aligned with the energy transition and decarbonisation goals. 
The Strategic Plan is part of the strong commitment to ESG criteria that the Group has been implementing 
in recent years and includes a Sustainability Plan with targets for 2025 in the ESG areas. This includes the 
objective of achieving carbon neutrality by 2050 and close to 60% of installed power capacity from 
renewable sources by 2025 as well as a reduction in CO2 emissions (Scope 1 – Scope 3) of 24% by 2025 
(against a 2017 baseline). The Group also aims to achieve gender parity by 2030 and to have more than 40% 
of its executive and management positions occupied by women by 2025. Furthermore, Naturgy intends to 
increase the weighting of ESG compliance in the remuneration of its management teams. 
Naturgy aims to dedicate a substantial part of its future investments into renewables growth and networks 
activities in countries with stable regulation and strong currencies. Furthermore, Naturgy aims to invest in 
digitalisation and electrification, and to significantly boost the implementation of renewable gas to enhance 
its key role in the energy transition. Hydrogen, mobility, storage and distributed generation are expected to 
be other focuses of investment in the coming years. 
In renewables, Naturgy will focus on proven technologies including Solar PV, onshore wind and storage in 
stable geographies benefiting from long term visibility. Naturgy believes it has a significant renewables 
pipeline for development in various geographies and expects be able to leverage its customer base as a 
natural hedge to balance risks of new renewable capacity. 
As regards networks, Naturgy is committed to maintaining a leading position via pro-active regulatory 
management, digitalisation and best-in-class operations to lower risk and increase cash flow predictability 
in the regions where it operates. 
Furthermore, in energy management, Naturgy will seek to continue to improve its competitiveness and 
reduce risk throughout the portfolio, through the ongoing review and optimisation of gas procurement 
contracts, the remote operation of its CCGT fleet in Spain, as well as the improvement of its cost and 
investment efficiency on its thermal generation operations in Latin America. 
With regard to the supply business, Naturgy aims to boost its competitiveness via market repositioning, an 
integrated energy offering, and the refocusing of its distribution channels, including additional third-party 
agreements. Furthermore, Naturgy aims to improve its customer relationships via enhanced data analytics 
and customer segmentation to improve customer services and enhance loyalty. 
Finally, Naturgy plans to accelerate its digital transformation by means of a transition to a new simpler and 
integrated platform enhancing efficiency in each operating process.

--- Page 131 ---
124 
 
Investment highlights 
Diversified and integrated business model 
As a diversified and integrated energy group, Naturgy believes that its presence across the power and gas 
value chains provides it with the necessary resilience and synergies to compete in the markets where it 
operates. Naturgy believes it is well-placed to take advantage of the energy transition as the Group holds 
leading market positions and critical mass in its core markets. 
Balanced mix of activities, geographies and risks 
Naturgy believes it has a balanced mix of activities, geographies, and risks. Over recent years, the Group 
has exited from non-core geographies and businesses and, accordingly, reduced its risk exposure to more 
volatile businesses and geographies. During the year 2020, over 70% of the Group’s Reported EBITDA was 
derived from regulated and long-term contracted activities, which the Group believes provides it with 
increased resilience and stability. 
Energy transition offers an attractive growth opportunity 
Naturgy believes that the European Green Deal and decarbonisation goals support increased electrification 
and the rise of renewables within the power generation mix. The development of renewables is also expected 
to be supported by falling manufacturing costs and increased efficiency. Natural gas and gas infrastructure 
have a key role to play in the energy transition, supporting the shift away from coal, together with the 
increased competitiveness of renewable gases and circular economies. In this context, the energy sector is 
expected to benefit from secular growth trends which in turn should support long-term growth prospects. 
Strong balance sheet and prudent financial policy 
Naturgy has exited from a number of non-core business and geographies in recent years, reinforcing its 
balance sheet strength. Following the recent disposal of Naturgy’s 96.04% equity shareholding in CGE in 
September 2021, the Group has reduced its leverage ratio from a Net debt to Reported EBITDA of 3.9x as 
at 31 December 2020 to 3.3x as at 30 September 2021, considering the last twelve months Reported 
EBITDA. The Group believes that this strong and resilient cash flow generation coupled with the solid 
capital structure should finance the Group’s growth, as envisioned in its Strategic Plan. Moreover, the Group 
has rebalanced its future capital allocation reducing shareholder remuneration and continues to maintain a 
strong commitment towards a BBB rating. The recently established dividend policy of €1.2 per share in 
2021 will be reassessed in 2023 against the evolution of the Strategic Plan, providing the Group with 
increased flexibility in the face of potential headwinds or unforeseen events.  
Management commitment and track record  
In recent years, the Group has undergone a significant business optimisation and shape up. In particular, 
Naturgy has successfully completed an efficiency plan during the period 2018-2020 which translated into 
approximately €500 million recurrent savings per year, as well as the renegotiation of gas procurement 
contracts amounting to 15bcms in aggregate which increased the competitiveness of Naturgy’s gas portfolio 
in the volatile environment experienced during 2020, reducing the overall risk profile of its business. The 
Group believes these measures have increased cash flow predictability and reduced its risk exposure, which 
have shaped up the Group’s strategy for the next stage of its transformation. 
Financial discipline remains a cornerstone of the Group’s strategy and financial policy. Since 2018, Naturgy 
has established new rules and hurdle rates for minimum investment returns required by business and 
geography, which are evaluated by an investment committee on an ongoing basis to ensure capital discipline 
is complied with. 
The Group’s management team is fully aligned with the interests of stakeholders and committed to ESG 
initiatives, which are embedded at the core of the Strategic Plan. As such, ESG targets form part of the 
Group’s management incentives.

--- Page 132 ---
125 
 
The Group’s business  
The Group is mainly engaged in the generation, transport, distribution and supply of electricity, as well as 
the liquefaction, regasification, transportation, storage, distribution and supply of natural and renewable gas. 
During 2020, the Group reorganised its business to focus on the energy transition across the following three 
business units: 
1. Energy management and networks 
▪ 
Iberian Networks: 
– 
Gas networks Spain: encompasses the regulated gas distribution business in Spain. 
– 
Electricity networks Spain: encompasses the regulated electricity distribution business in 
Spain. 
▪ 
Latin American networks: 
– 
Gas networks and supply in Chile  
– 
Gas networks in Brazil 
– 
Gas networks in Mexico 
– 
Electricity networks in Panama 
– 
Gas and electricity networks in Argentina 
▪ 
Energy Management: 
– 
Markets & Procurement: including all gas procurement and internal and external sales (except 
for International LNG and gas sales to end customers with volumes sold below 500GWh/year 
in Spain, reflected within the supply business unit). 
– 
International LNG: includes both the sale of liquefied natural gas and the sea transport 
business. 
– 
Gas pipelines: Manages the Maghreb-Europe and Medgaz gas pipelines. 
– 
Thermal generation in Spain: includes the management of conventional thermal generation in 
Spain, mainly CCGTs. 
– 
Thermal generation Latin America: includes the management of conventional thermal 
generation facilities of Global Power Generation (“GPG”) (in Mexico, the Dominican 
Republic and Puerto Rico, the latter accounted using the equity method through EcoEléctrica 
LP). 
2. Renewables and new businesses  
▪ 
Renewables Spain and the United States: includes the management of facilities and generation 
projects for wind energy, mini hydro, solar and cogeneration, additionally incorporating 
hydroelectric generation. The activities included in this segment are mainly carried out in Spain, 
and its expansion into the United States following the acquisition of a portfolio of 8 GW of solar 
projects and 4.6 GW energy storage projects in the U.S. 
▪ 
Renewables Latin America: includes the management of the facilities and renewable electricity 
generation projects of GPG located in Latin America (Brazil, Chile, Costa Rica, Mexico and 
Panama).

--- Page 133 ---
126 
 
▪ 
Renewables Australia: includes the management of the facilities and the renewable electricity 
generation projects of GPG located in Australia. 
3. Supply  
▪ 
Manages the commercial model for end customers in gas, electricity and services, incorporating 
new technologies and services. 
▪ 
Includes all power sales to end customers in Spain. 
▪ 
Includes gas sourcing from markets and procurement unit and sales to end customers with volumes 
sold below 500GWh/year in Spain. 
Overview of the Group’s business performance  
The energy scenario and the good operational performance during the first half of 2021 translated into better 
results in both regulated and liberalised activities in Spain when compared to the Group’s operating 
performance in 2020. However, despite a better performance in the six-month period ended 30 June 2021, 
activities in Latin American regions continued to be affected by foreign exchange (“FX”) depreciation as 
well as modest demand recovery, and renewables continued to suffer from lower margins overall in this 
region. 
The following table sets forth certain information in respect of the Group’s financial performance during 
the six-month period ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, respectively, unless otherwise indicated. 
Reported 
Ordinary(1) 
 
Six-month period  
            ended 30 June 
 
Six-month period 
       ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 Change (%) 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
(million €) 
 
(million €)  
EBITDA  
1,678 
1,744 
(3.8) 
1,959 
1,908 
2.7
Profit attributable to equity 
holders of the parent company  
484 
334 
44.9
 
557 
476 
17.0
Capex 
439 
552 
(20.5)
 
― 
― 
―
Net debt 
13,611(2) 
13,612(3) 
n.m.
 
― 
― 
―
Notes: 
(1) 
EBITDA and Profit attributable to equity holders of the parent company adjusted for impacts related to restructuring costs 
and other non-ordinary items considered material for a better understanding of the Group’s underlying results. See 
Appendix I (Alternative performance metrics) to the Interim Consolidated Directors’ Report 2021 which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus, and the table further below setting forth the breakdown of non-ordinary items for the first 
half of 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
(2) 
As at 30 June 2021. 
(3) 
As at 31 December 2020. 
Ordinary EBITDA reached €1,959 million in the first half of 2021, an increase of 2.7% when compared to 
the corresponding period in 2020 due to higher demand and improving energy scenario. However, it 
represents a decrease of 14% when compared to the first six months of 2019 (prior to the COVID-19 
outbreak). 
Ordinary Profit attributable to equity holders of the parent company reached €557 million in the first half 
of 2021, an increase of 17.0% when compared to the corresponding period in 2020, albeit representing a 
decrease of 20% when compared to the first half of 2019. On a reported basis, Profit attributable to equity 
holders of the parent company reached €484 million during the six-month period ended 30 June 2021, 
mainly impacted by the restructuring costs incurred but partly compensated by the completion of the UFG 
agreement which had a positive non-ordinary impact of €103 million in earnings. 
Capex amounted to €439 million during the first half of 2021, a decrease of 20.5% when compared to the 
first half of 2020.

--- Page 134 ---
127 
 
As of 30 June 2021, Net debt amounted to €13,611 million, which is in line with net debt levels as at 31 
December 2020 and after the €611 million of dividends paid on 17 March 2021 (corresponding to the final 
dividend for 2020). The Net debt figure as at 30 June 2021 does not yet reflect the pre-tax proceeds of 
€2,570 million following the completion of the disposal of CGE. 
The table below sets forth the breakdown of the Group’s EBITDA by activity during the six-month period 
ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, respectively.  
Reported 
Ordinary(1) 
 
Six-month period  
             ended 30 June 
 
Six-month period  
         ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 Change (%) 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
(million €) 
 
(million €)  
Energy management and networks 
1,414 
1,476 
(4.2 ) 
1,613 
1,563 
3.2 
Renewables and new businesses 
185 
193 
(4.1 ) 
178 
198 
(10.1) 
Supply 
151 
134 
12.7 
214 
171 
25.1
Rest 
(72) 
(59) 
(22.0 ) 
(46) 
(24) 
91.7
EBITDA 
1,678  
1,744  
 
(3.8 ) 
1,959  
1,908  
2.7
Note: 
(1) 
EBITDA adjusted for impacts related to restructuring costs and other non-ordinary items considered material for a better 
understanding of the Group’s underlying results. See Appendix I (Alternative performance metrics) to the Interim 
Consolidated Directors’ Report 2021 which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and the table below setting 
forth the breakdown of non-ordinary items for the first half of 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
The table below sets forth the breakdown of the impacts of non-ordinary items on EBITDA and Profit 
attributable to equity holders of the parent company for the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, 
respectively. 
 
EBITDA                             Profit attributable to equity  
holders of the parent company 
 
Six-month period 
 ended 30 June 
Six-month period 
 ended 30 June 
 
2021 
2020 
2021 
2020 
 
(million €) 
              (million €) 
Total non-ordinary items 
(281)  
(164) 
  
(73) 
 (142) 
 
 
Restructuring costs 
(300)  
(165) 
  
(209) 
(121) 
 
Asset write-down 
―  
― 
  
(16) 
― 
 
Provisions reversal 
12  
― 
  
9 
― 
 
Sales of land and buildings 
8 
 
1 
  
5 
1 
 
Procurement agreement 
2 
 
― 
  
2 
― 
 
Lean transformation costs 
(32)  
― 
  
(22) 
― 
 
Generation taxes 
28  
― 
  
25 
― 
 
UFG agreement  
―  
― 
  
103 
― 
 
Interest sales and corporate transactions 
―  
― 
  
(18) 
13 
 
Discontinued operations 
―  
― 
  
47 
(35) 
 
Others 
1 
 
― 
  
1 
― 
 
During the first half of 2021, Naturgy advanced with its employee voluntary termination plan which explains 
most of the €300 million restructuring costs during the six-month period ended 30 June 2021, hence 
significantly streamlining personnel expenses and other operating expenses (together, “opex”) going 
forward. As a result, at the EBITDA level, non-ordinary impacts during the six-month period ended 30 June 
2021 amounted to -€281 million, corresponding mostly to such restructuring and transformation costs in

--- Page 135 ---
128 
 
Spain, significantly in networks and supply activities, which were partially offset by generation taxes 
following the hydro canon sentence (+€28 million), provisions reversals (+€12 million) and other minor 
impacts. 
The following table below sets forth certain information in respect of the Group’s main gas and electricity 
output figures for the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, respectively, unless otherwise 
indicated. 
Six-month period ended 
30 June 2021 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
Gas distribution (GWh) .....................................................................  
225,028 
195,586 
15.1 
Electricity distribution (GWh)  .......................................................... 
18,321 
17,580 
4.2 
Gas supply (GWh)  ............................................................................ 
127,295 
69,193 
84.0 
Electricity supply (GWh)  .................................................................. 
11,056 
10,750 
2.8 
International LNG (GWh) ................................................................. 
76,002 
63,239 
20.2 
Gas transportation/EMPL (GWh)  ..................................................... 
47,127 
12,195 
― 
Gas distribution connections (in thousands)(1)  .................................. 
11,047 
11,076 
(0.3) 
Electricity distribution connections (in thousands)(1)  ........................ 
4,752 
4,706 
1.0 
Installed capacity (MW) (1) ................................................................ 
15,851 
15,221 
4.1 
Electricity generated (GWh) .............................................................. 
20,306 
18,897 
7.5 
Note: 
(1) 
As at 30 June.

--- Page 136 ---
129 
 
Results by business unit 
1. Energy management and networks 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the EBITDA of the Group’s energy management 
and networks business unit corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, 
respectively. 
 
Reported 
Ordinary(1) 
 
Six-month period  
               ended 30 June 
 
Six-month period  
              ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
 
(million €) 
 
(million €) 
 
Energy management and 
networks EBITDA 
1,414   
1,476   
(4.2)  
1,613   
1,563  
3.2  
Networks Spain 
649   
696   
(6.8)  
828   
769  
(7.7)  
Gas networks 
389   
402   
(3.2)  
481 
442 
8.8  
Electricity networks 
260   
294   
(11.6)  
347 
327 
6.1  
Networks Latin America 
399   
433   
(7.9)  
395   
437  
(9.6)  
Chile gas 
111   
99   
12.1  
105 
99 
6.1  
Brazil gas 
99   
104   
(4.8)  
99 
105 
(5.7)  
Mexico gas 
108   
119   
(9.2)  
109 
120 
(9.2)  
Panama electricity 
61   
69   
(11.6)  
62 
70 
(11.4)  
Argentina  
20  
42  
(52.4)  
20 
43 
(53.5)  
Energy management 
366   
347   
5.5  
390   
357  
9.2  
Markets & Procurement  
16  
(80)  
n.m.  
12  
(80)  
-  
International LNG 
86   
165   
(47.9)  
88 
168 
(47.6)  
Pipelines (EMPL) 
100   
126   
(20.6)  
114 
126 
(9.5)  
Spain thermal generation  
56   
15   
n.m.  
68 
22 
n.m.  
Latin America thermal 
generation 
108   
121   
(10.7)  
108 
121 
(10.7)  
Note: 
(1) 
EBITDA adjusted for impacts related to restructuring costs and other non-ordinary items considered material for a better 
understanding of the Group’s underlying results. See Appendix I (Alternative performance metrics) to the Interim 
Consolidated Directors’ Report 2021 which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and the table above 
setting forth the breakdown of non-ordinary items for the first half of 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
Ordinary EBITDA of the Group’s energy management and networks business unit increased by 3.2% during 
the first half of 2021 when compared to the corresponding period in 2020, driven by the good performance 
in networks and thermal generation activities in Spain, and the Group’s gas balance, benefiting the Markets 
& Procurement activity. These have been partially offset by the negative FX evolution in Latin America 
and a lower contribution from the Maghreb-Europe Gas Pipeline (the “EMPL”) and International LNG 
activities. 
According to the criteria established by International Accounting Standard (“IAS”) 29 “Financial 
Information in Hyperinflationary Economies”, the Argentine economy should be considered as 
hyperinflationary. As a result, FX differences arising from 30 June 2021 will be applied to the accumulated 
2021 results, which will also be updated by inflation rates.

--- Page 137 ---
130 
 
Iberian Networks 
Spain gas networks 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the results of the Group’s gas networks in Spain 
corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 
              Six-month period 
             ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
 
              (million €) 
 
Revenue 
610 
569 
7.2  
Procurement 
(47) 
(39) 
20.5  
Gross margin(1) 
563 
530 
6.2  
Other operating income 
19 
18 
5.6  
Net personnel expenses 
(111) 
(73) 
52.1  
Taxes 
(15) 
(13) 
15.4  
Other operating expenses 
(67) 
(60) 
11.7  
Reported EBITDA 
389 
402 
(3.2)  
Ordinary EBITDA(2) 
481 
442 
8.8  
Depreciation/amortisation & impairment losses and transfers to 
provisions 
(142) 
(149) 
(4.7)  
Operating results 
247 
253 
(2.4)  
 
Note: 
(1) 
Gross Margin = Revenue – Procurement. 
(2) 
EBITDA adjusted for impacts related to restructuring costs and other non-ordinary items considered material for a better 
understanding of the Group’s underlying results. See Appendix I (Alternative performance metrics) to the Interim 
Consolidated Directors’ Report 2021 which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and the table above setting 
forth the breakdown of non-ordinary items for the first half of 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
Ordinary EBITDA relating to the Group’s gas networks in Spain reached €481 million during the six-month 
period ended 30 June 2021, an increase of 8.8% when compared to the corresponding period in 2020. Higher 
distributed sales following demand recovery, as well as operational improvements, allowed to compensate 
the lower remuneration under the new regulatory framework. 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the main output figures of the Group’s gas 
distribution business in Spain corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, 
respectively, unless otherwise indicated. 
Six-month period 
ended 30 June 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
TPA - Sales (GWh) 
101,465 
93,247 
8.8  
LPG Sales (tn) 
49,273 
44,774 
10.0  
Distribution network (km)(1) 
56,911 
56,779 
0.2  
Increase in connection points (thousands)(2) 
(12) 
(2) 
n.m.  
Connection points (thousands)(1) 
5,401 
5,404 
(0.1)  
Notes: 
(1) 
As at 30 June. 
(2) 
Between 30 June of year indicated and 30 June of previous year.

--- Page 138 ---
131 
 
Spain electricity networks 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the results of the Group’s electricity networks in 
Spain corresponding to six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 
         Six-month period 
ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
 
            (million €) 
 
Revenue 
415 
413 
0.5  
Procurement 
— 
— 
—   
Gross margin(1) 
415 
413 
0.5  
Other operating income 
9 
9 
—   
Net personnel expenses 
(102) 
(61) 
67.2  
Taxes 
(15) 
(14) 
7.1  
Other operating expenses 
(47) 
(53) 
(11.3)  
Reported EBITDA 
260 
294 
(11.6)  
Ordinary EBITDA(2) 
347 
327 
6.1  
Depreciation/amortisation & impairment losses and transfers to 
provisions 
(123) 
(122) 
0.8  
Operating results 
137 
172 
(20.3)  
 
Note: 
(1) 
Gross Margin = Revenue – Procurement. 
(2) 
EBITDA adjusted for impacts related to restructuring costs and other non-ordinary items considered material for a better 
understanding of the Group’s underlying results. See Appendix I (Alternative performance metrics) to the Interim 
Consolidated Directors’ Report 2021 which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and the table above setting 
forth the breakdown of non-ordinary items for the first half of 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
Ordinary EBITDA of the Group’s electricity networks in Spain amounted to €347 million during the six-
month period ended 30 June 2021, a 6.1% increase when compared to the corresponding period in 2020, 
due to investments and additional efficiencies. 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the main output figures of the Group’s electricity 
distributions business in Spain corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, 
respectively, unless otherwise indicated. 
 
     Six-month period 
      ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
Sales - TPA (GWh) 
14,841 
14,146 
4.9  
Connection points (thousand)(1) 
3,787 
3,765 
0.6  
ICEIT(2) (minutes) 
20 
18 
7.9  
Note: 
(1) 
As at 30 June. 
(2) 
Installed Capacity Equivalent Interruption Time.

--- Page 139 ---
132 
 
Latin American Networks 
Gas Chile 
This business unit includes the activities of gas distribution and supply in Chile. 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the results of the Group’s gas distribution and 
supply activities in Chile corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, 
respectively. 
 
 
            Six-month period 
             ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
 
(million €) 
 
Revenue 
283 
256 
10.5 
 
Procurement 
(151) 
(127) 
18.9 
 
Gross margin(1) 
132 
129 
2.3 
 
Other operating income 
8 
1 
n.m. 
 
Net personnel expenses 
(13) 
(12) 
8.3 
 
Taxes 
(1) 
(1) 
— 
 
Other operating expenses 
(15) 
(18) 
(16.7) 
 
Reported EBITDA 
111 
99 
12.1 
 
Ordinary EBITDA(2) 
105 
99 
6.1 
 
Depreciation/amortisation & impairment losses and transfers to 
provisions 
(31) 
(32) 
(3.1) 
 
Operating results 
80 
67 
19.4 
 
 
Note: 
(1) 
Gross Margin = Revenue – Procurement. 
(2) 
EBITDA adjusted for impacts related to restructuring costs and other non-ordinary items considered material for a better 
understanding of the Group’s underlying results. See Appendix I (Alternative performance metrics) to the Interim Consolidated 
Directors’ Report 2021 which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and the table above setting forth the breakdown 
of non-ordinary items for the first half of 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
Ordinary EBITDA of the Group’s gas distribution and supply activities in Chile totalled €105 million during 
the six-month period ended 30 June 2021, 6.1% higher than during the corresponding period in 2020. Higher 
distribution sales and efficiencies were partially offset by lower sales and margins in gas supply. FX impact 
was slightly negative in the period (a loss of €1 million). 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the main output figures of the Group’s gas 
distribution and supply activities in Chile corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 
2020, respectively, unless otherwise indicated. 
 
      Six-month period 
        ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
Gas activity sales (GWh) 
4,956 
4,664 
6.3  
Gas sales (GWh) 
240 
1,191 
(79.8)  
TPA (GWh) 
9,364 
11,464 
(18.3)  
Distribution network (km)(1) 
8,107 
7,851 
3.3  
Increase in connection points (thousands)(2) 
6 
5 
8.6  
Connection points (thousands)(1) 
660 
650 
1.6

--- Page 140 ---
133 
 
Notes: 
(1) 
As at 30 June. 
(2) 
Between 30 June of year indicated and 30 June of previous year. 
 
Gas Networks Brazil 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the results of the Group’s gas distribution and 
supply activities in Brazil corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, 
respectively. 
 
              Six-month period 
             ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
 
(million €) 
 
Revenue 
541 
547 
(1.1)  
Procurement 
(414) 
(404) 
2.5  
Gross margin(1) 
127 
143 
(11.2)  
Other operating income 
8 
13 
(38.5)  
Net personnel expenses 
(9) 
(11) 
(18.2)  
Taxes 
(1) 
(3) 
(66.7)  
Other operating expenses 
(26) 
(38) 
(31.6)  
Reported EBITDA 
99 
104 
(4.8)  
Ordinary EBITDA(2) 
99 
105 
(5.7)  
Depreciation/amortisation & impairment losses and transfers to 
provisions 
(30) 
(31) 
(3.2)  
Operating results 
69 
73 
(5.5)  
 
Note: 
(1) 
Gross Margin = Revenue – Procurement. 
(2) 
EBITDA adjusted for impacts related to restructuring costs and other non-ordinary items considered material for a better 
understanding of the Group’s underlying results. See Appendix I (Alternative performance metrics) to the Interim Consolidated 
Directors’ Report 2021 which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and the table above setting forth the breakdown 
of non-ordinary items for the first half of 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
Ordinary EBITDA of the Group’s gas distribution and supply activities in Brazil totalled €99 million during 
the six-month period ended 30 June 2021, 5.7% lower than during the corresponding period in 2020. Sales 
growth and positive opex evolution were not sufficient to compensate for the negative FX impact (a loss of 
€19 million) and the spread of tariff updates throughout the year. 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the main output figures of the Group’s gas 
distribution and supply activities in Brazil corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 
2020, respectively, unless otherwise indicated. 
 
       Six-month period 
         ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
Gas activity sales (GWh) 
42,453 
27,278 
55.6  
Gas sales 
21,358 
17,597 
21.4  
TPA 
21,095 
9,681 
117.9  
Distribution network (km)(1) 
8,208 
8,107 
1.2  
Increase in connection points (thousands)(2) 
8 
6 
39.2  
Connection points (thousands)(1) 
1,154 
1,141 
1.2  
 
Notes:

--- Page 141 ---
134 
 
(1) 
As at 30 June. 
(2) 
Between 30 June of year indicated and 30 June of previous year. 
Gas Networks Mexico 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the results of the Group’s gas distribution and 
supply activities in Mexico corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, 
respectively. 
 
 
        Six-month period 
         ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
 
(million €) 
 
Revenue 
335 
268 
25.0  
Procurement 
(204) 
(132) 
54.5  
Gross margin(1) 
131 
136 
(3.7)  
Other operating income 
5 
16 
(68.8)  
Net personnel expenses 
(9) 
(10) 
(10.0)  
Taxes 
— 
(1) 
(100.0)  
Other operating expenses 
(19) 
(22) 
(13.6)  
Reported EBITDA 
108 
119 
(9.2)  
Ordinary EBITDA(2) 
109 
120 
(9.2)  
Depreciation/amortisation & impairment losses and transfers to 
provisions 
(26) 
(27) 
(3.7)  
Operating results 
82 
92 
(10.9)  
 
Note: 
(1) 
Gross Margin = Revenue – Procurement. 
(2) 
EBITDA adjusted for impacts related to restructuring costs and other non-ordinary items considered material for a better 
understanding of the Group’s underlying results. See Appendix I (Alternative performance metrics) to the Interim Consolidated 
Directors’ Report 2021 which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and the table above setting forth the 
breakdown of non-ordinary items for the first half of 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
Ordinary EBITDA of the Group’s gas distribution and supply activities in Mexico during the six-month 
period ended 30 June 2021 amounted to €109 million, a 9.2% decrease when compared to the corresponding 
period in 2020 as higher sales and margins in the supply activity were not sufficient to compensate for 
negative FX impact (a loss of €5 million), delayed tariff updates, and lower contribution from energy 
services. 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the main output figures of the Group’s gas 
distribution and supply activities in Mexico corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 
2020, respectively, unless otherwise indicated. 
 
        Six-month period 
       ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
Gas activity sales (GWh) 
25,677 
21,260 
20.8  
Gas sales 
11,678 
10,383 
12.5  
TPA 
13,999 
10,877 
28.7  
Distribution network (km)(1) 
22,850 
22,762 
0.4  
Increase in connection points (thousands)(2) 
(11) 
(20) 
(43.2)  
Connection points (thousands) (1) 
1,578 
1,641 
(3.9)

--- Page 142 ---
135 
 
 
Notes: 
(1) 
As at 30 June. 
(2) 
Between 30 June of year indicated and 30 June of previous year. 
Electricity Networks Panama 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the results of the Group’s electricity distribution 
activities in Panama corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 
        Six-month period 
          ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
 
(million €) 
 
Revenue 
350 
408 
(14.2) 
 
Procurement 
(267) 
(315) 
(15.2) 
 
Gross margin(1) 
83 
93 
(10.8) 
 
Other operating income 
2 
2 
— 
 
Net personnel expenses 
(5) 
(4) 
25.0 
 
Taxes 
(2) 
(2) 
— 
 
Other operating expenses 
(17) 
(20) 
(15.0) 
 
Reported EBITDA 
61 
69 
(11.6) 
 
Ordinary EBITDA(2) 
62 
70 
(11.4) 
 
Depreciation/amortisation & impairment losses and transfers to 
provisions 
(21) 
(32) 
(34.4) 
 
Operating results 
40 
37 
(8.1) 
 
 
Note: 
(1) 
Gross Margin = Revenue – Procurement. 
(2) 
EBITDA adjusted for impacts related to restructuring costs and other non-ordinary items considered material for a better 
understanding of the Group’s underlying results. See Appendix I (Alternative performance metrics) to the Interim Consolidated 
Directors’ Report 2021 which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and the table above setting forth the 
breakdown of non-ordinary items for the first half of 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
Ordinary EBITDA of the Group’s electricity distribution activities in Panama amounted to €62 million 
during the six-month period ended 30 June 2021, a decrease of 11.4% when compared to the corresponding 
period in 2020, due to negative FX impact (a loss of €6 million) and mild temperatures. 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the main output figures of the Group’s electricity 
distribution activities in Panama corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, 
respectively, unless otherwise indicated. 
 
          Six-month period 
           ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
Electricity business sales (GWh) 
2,524 
2,483 
1.7  
Electricity sales 
2,114 
2,139 
(1.1)  
TPA 
410 
344 
19.1  
Distribution network (km)(1) 
28,916 
26,178 
10.5  
Connection points (thousands)(1) 
718 
702 
2.2  
 
Note: 
(1) 
As at 30 June.

--- Page 143 ---
136 
 
Networks Argentina 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the results of the Group’s distribution activities in 
Argentina corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 
          Six-month period 
           ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
 
(million €) 
 
Revenue 
212 
285 
(25.6)  
Procurement 
134 
174 
(23.0)  
Gross margin(1) 
78 
111 
(29.7)  
Other operating income 
13 
13 
-  
Net personnel expenses 
(20) 
(22) 
(9.1)  
Taxes 
(15) 
(21) 
(28.6)  
Other operating expenses 
(36) 
(39) 
(7.7)  
Reported EBITDA 
20 
42 
(52.4)  
Ordinary EBITDA(2) 
20 
43 
(53.5)  
Depreciation/amortisation & impairment losses and transfers to 
provisions 
(8) 
(14) 
(42.9)  
Operating results 
12 
28 
(57.1)  
 
Note: 
(1) 
Gross Margin = Revenue – Procurement. 
(2) 
EBITDA adjusted for impacts related to restructuring costs and other non-ordinary items considered material for a better 
understanding of the Group’s underlying results. See Appendix I (Alternative performance metrics) to the Interim Consolidated 
Directors’ Report 2021 which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and the table above setting forth the 
breakdown of non-ordinary items for the first half of 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
Ordinary EBITDA of the Group’s networks activities in Argentina amounted to €20 million during the six-
month period ended 30 June 2021 (including the aggregate of the Group’s gas distribution and electricity 
distribution activities in Argentina), a decrease of 53.5% when compared to the corresponding period in 
2020.  
Ordinary EBITDA results of the Group’s gas distribution activities in Argentina amounted to €11 million 
during the six-month period ended 30 June 2021, a decrease of 63.3% when compared to the corresponding 
period in 2020. Higher sales in Generation and Third Party Access (“TPA”), Commercial and Retail 
segments were not enough to compensate for lower margins and the negative FX impact (a loss of €7 
million) in the period.

--- Page 144 ---
137 
 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the main output figures of the Group’s gas 
distribution activities in Argentina corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, 
respectively, unless otherwise indicated. 
 
         Six-month period 
            ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
(million €) 
Gas activity sales (GWh) 
40,872 
36,482 
12.0  
Gas sales 
23,753 
17,605 
34.9  
TPA 
17,119 
18,877 
(9.3)  
Distribution network (km)(1) 
39,252 
38,867 
1.0  
Increase in connection points (thousands)(2) 
3 
11 
(72.5)  
Connection points (thousands)(1) 
2,254 
2,240 
0.6  
 
Notes: 
(1) 
As at 30 June. 
(2) 
Between 30 June of year indicated and 30 June of previous year. 
Ordinary EBITDA of the Group’s electricity distribution activities in Argentina amounted to €9 million 
during the six-month period ended 30 June 2021, 30.8% lower than during the corresponding period in 
2020, mainly explained by the negative FX impact (a loss of €4m) in the period. 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the main output figures of the Group’s electricity 
distribution activities in Argentina corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, 
respectively, unless otherwise indicated. 
 
          Six-month period 
          ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
Electricity business sales (GWh) 
956 
951 
0.5
 
Distribution network (km)(1) 
9,899 
9,795 
1.1
 
Connection points (thousands)(1) 
247 
239 
3.4
 
 
Note: 
(1) 
As at 30 June. 
Energy management 
Markets and procurement  
This includes all gas procurement and internal and external sales (except for International LNG and gas 
sales to end customers with volumes sold below 500GWh/year in Spain).

--- Page 145 ---
138 
 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the results of the Group’s markets and procurement 
business unit corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
         Six-month period 
         ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
 
(million €) 
 
Revenue 
2,866 
1,929 
48.6  
Procurement 
(2,836) 
(1,998) 
41.9  
Gross margin(1) 
30 
(69) 
n.m.  
Other operating income 
13 
12 
8.3  
Net personnel expenses 
(16) 
(12) 
33.3  
Taxes 
— 
— 
—  
Other operating expenses 
(11) 
(11) 
—  
Reported EBITDA 
16 
(80) 
n.m.  
Ordinary EBITDA(2) 
12 
(80) 
n.m.  
Depreciation/amortisation & impairment losses and transfers to 
provisions 
74 
(2) 
n.m.  
Operating results 
90 
(82) 
n.m.  
 
Note: 
(1) 
Gross Margin = Revenue – Procurement. 
(2) 
EBITDA adjusted for impacts related to restructuring costs and other non-ordinary items considered material for a better 
understanding of the Group’s underlying results. See Appendix I (Alternative performance metrics) to the Interim Consolidated 
Directors’ Report 2021 which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and the table above setting forth the 
breakdown of non-ordinary items for the first half of 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
Ordinary EBITDA of the Group’s markets and procurement business unit amounted to €12 million during 
the six-month period ended 30 June 2021, compared to a loss of €80 million during the corresponding period 
in 2020. This evolution is explained by higher sales and margins in an improved energy scenario and better 
gas procurement conditions following the extensive gas contract renegotiations completed during 2020. 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the main output figures of the Group’s markets and 
procurement business unit corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, 
respectively. 
 
 
         Six-month period 
          ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
Gas supply (GWh) 
72,165 
19,238 
n.m.  
CCGT 
12,254 
8,263 
48.3  
Third parties 
59,912 
10,975 
n.m.  
Electricity sales (GWh) 
858 
756 
13.5

--- Page 146 ---
139 
 
International LNG 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the results of the Group’s International LNG 
business unit corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 
         Six-month period 
          ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
 
(million €) 
 
Revenue 
1,873 
1,432 
30.8  
Procurement 
(1,772) 
(1,252) 
41.5  
Gross margin(1) 
101 
180 
(43.9)  
Other operating income 
— 
— 
—  
Net personnel expenses 
(10) 
(10) 
—  
Taxes 
— 
— 
—  
Other operating expenses 
(5) 
(5) 
—  
Reported EBITDA 
86 
165 
(47.9)  
Ordinary EBITDA(2) 
88 
168 
(47.6)  
Depreciation/amortisation & impairment losses and transfers to 
provisions 
(72) 
(66) 
9.1  
Operating results 
14 
99 
(85.9)  
 
Note: 
(1) 
Gross Margin = Revenue – Procurement. 
(2) 
EBITDA adjusted for impacts related to restructuring costs and other non-ordinary items considered material for a better 
understanding of the Group’s underlying results. See Appendix I (Alternative performance metrics) to the Interim Consolidated 
Directors’ Report 2021 which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and the table above setting forth the 
breakdown of non-ordinary items for the first half of 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
Ordinary EBITDA of the Group’s International LNG business unit reached €88 million during the six-
month period ended 30 June 2021, a decrease of 47.6% when compared to the corresponding period in 2020, 
showing the significant weight of volumes already contracted not translating into higher profits despite the 
recovery of gas prices in the period. As at 30 June 2021, contracted sales for 2021 and the aggregate of 
2022-23 stood at 88% and 75%, respectively. 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the main output figures of the Group’s International 
LNG business unit corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, respectively, 
unless otherwise indicated. 
 
         Six-month period 
            ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
Gas sales (GWh) 
76,002 
63,239 
20.2
 
Shipping fleet capacity (m3)(1) 
2,102,662 
1,641,641 
28.1
 
 
Note: 
(1) 
As at 30 June.

--- Page 147 ---
140 
 
Gas pipelines 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the results of the Group’s gas pipelines business 
unit corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
         Six-month period 
        ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
 
(million €) 
 
Revenue 
126 
137 
(8.0)  
Procurement 
― 
― 
―  
Gross margin(1) 
126 
137 
(8.0)  
Other operating income 
1 
- 
n.m.  
Net personnel expenses 
(18) 
(3) 
500.0  
Taxes 
― 
― 
―  
Other operating expenses 
(9) 
(8) 
12.5  
Reported EBITDA 
100 
126 
(20.6)  
Ordinary EBITDA(2) 
114 
126 
(9.5)  
Depreciation/amortisation & impairment losses and transfers to 
provisions 
(28) 
(28) 
―  
Operating results 
72 
98 
(26.5)  
 
Note: 
(1) 
Gross Margin = Revenue – Procurement. 
(2) 
EBITDA adjusted for impacts related to restructuring costs and other non-ordinary items considered material for a better 
understanding of the Group’s underlying results. See Appendix I (Alternative performance metrics) to the Interim Consolidated 
Directors’ Report 2021 which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and the table above setting forth the 
breakdown of non-ordinary items for the first half of 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
Ordinary EBITDA of the Group’s gas pipelines business unit decreased by 9.5% to €114 million during the 
six-month period ended 30 June 2021 when compared to the corresponding period in 2020. Tariff updates 
were offset by the capacity step down and U.S.$ depreciation (a decrease of €11 million).  
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the main output figures of the Group’s gas pipelines 
business unit corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
         Six-month period 
        ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
Gas transport - EMPL (GWh) 
47,127 
12,195 
286.4  
Portugal-Morocco 
18,822 
5,818 
223.5  
Spain (Naturgy) 
28,305 
6,377 
343.9

--- Page 148 ---
141 
 
Spain thermal generation 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the results of the Group’s thermal generation 
business in Spain corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, respectively.  
 
         Six-month period 
          ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
 
(million €) 
 
Revenue 
562 
430 
30.7  
Procurement 
(332) 
(269) 
23.4  
Gross margin(1) 
230 
161 
42.9  
Other operating income 
7 
6 
16.7  
Net personnel expenses 
(47) 
(40) 
17.5  
Taxes 
(90) 
(71) 
26.8  
Other operating expenses 
(44) 
(41) 
7.3 
Reported EBITDA 
56 
15 
273.3  
Ordinary EBITDA(2) 
68 
22 
209.1  
Depreciation/amortisation & impairment losses and transfers to 
provisions 
(39) 
(71) 
(45.1)  
Operating results 
17 
(56) 
(130.4)  
 
Note: 
(1) 
Gross Margin = Revenue – Procurement. 
(2) 
EBITDA adjusted for impacts related to restructuring costs and other non-ordinary items considered material for a better 
understanding of the Group’s underlying results. See Appendix I (Alternative performance metrics) to the Interim Consolidated 
Directors’ Report 2021 which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and the table above setting forth the 
breakdown of non-ordinary items for the first half of 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
Ordinary EBITDA of the Group’s thermal generation business in Spain amounted to €68 million during the 
six-month period ended 30 June 2021, up from the €22 million obtained during the corresponding period in 
2020 on the back of higher pool prices and CCGTs sales and margins. 
Pool prices increased 102.1% during the six-month period ended 30 June 2021 compared to the six-month 
period ended 30 June 2020, averaging €58.6/MWh during the first six months of 2021, as a result of higher 
gas and CO2 prices. Total production increased by 1.8% during the six-month period ended 30 June 2021 
when compared to the corresponding period in 2020. In particular, CCGTs increased by 2.6% while nuclear 
production remained stable (a slight decrease of 0.4%). 
The tables below set forth certain information regarding the main output figures of the Group’s thermal 
generation business in Spain corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, 
respectively, unless otherwise indicated. 
 
         Six-month period 
         ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
Total MW(1) 
8,031 
8,031 
―  
Nuclear 
604 
604 
―  
CCGTs 
7,427 
7,427 
―  
 
 
 
  
Electric energy produced (GWh) 
7,162 
7,035 
1.8  
Nuclear 
1,914 
1,921 
(0.4)

--- Page 149 ---
142 
 
CCGTs 
5,248 
5,114 
2.6  
 
Note: 
(1) 
As at 30 June. 
Latin America thermal generation 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the results of the Group’s thermal generation 
business in Latin America corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, 
respectively.  
 
         Six-month period 
          ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
 
(million €) 
 
Revenue 
545 
293 
86.0  
Procurement 
(416) 
(151) 
175.5  
Gross margin(1) 
129 
142 
(9.2)  
Other operating income 
2 
1 
100.0  
Net personnel expenses 
(7) 
(7) 
―  
Taxes 
― 
― 
―  
Other operating expenses 
(16) 
(15) 
6.7  
Reported EBITDA 
108 
121 
(10.7)  
Ordinary EBITDA(2) 
108 
121 
(10.7)  
Depreciation/amortisation & impairment losses and transfers to 
provisions 
(37) 
(44) 
(15.9)  
Operating results 
71 
77 
(7.8)  
 
Note: 
(1) 
Gross Margin = Revenue – Procurement. 
(2) 
EBITDA adjusted for impacts related to restructuring costs and other non-ordinary items considered material for a better 
understanding of the Group’s underlying results. See Appendix I (Alternative performance metrics) to the Interim Consolidated 
Directors’ Report 2021 which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and the table above setting forth the 
breakdown of non-ordinary items for the first half of 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
Ordinary EBITDA of the Group’s thermal generation business in Latin America during the six-month period 
ended 30 June 2021 amounted to €108 million, a decrease of 10.7% when compared to the corresponding 
period in 2020. Higher availability was not enough to offset the negative FX impact (a loss of €11 million), 
lower margins on power purchase agreements (“PPAs”) with end customers and lower excess sales into the 
liberalised market. 
Total production increased by 2.8% during the six-month period ended 30 June 2021 when compared to the 
corresponding period in 2020, with CCGTs production increasing 2.9% and the rest by 1.5%. 
The tables below set forth certain information regarding the main output figures of the Group’s thermal 
generation business in Latin America corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, 
respectively, unless otherwise indicated.

--- Page 150 ---
143 
 
 
         Six-month period 
         ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
Total MW(1) 
2,643 
2,595 
1.8  
Mexico (CCGT) 
2,446 
2,398 
2.0  
Dominican Republic (Fuel) 
198 
198 
―  
 
 
 
  
Electric energy produced (GWh) 
7,016 
6,824 
2.8  
Mexico (CCGT) 
6,785 
6,596 
2.9  
Dominican Republic (Fuel) 
231 
228 
1.5  
 
Note: 
(1) 
As at 30 June. 
2. Renewables and new businesses  
This business unit includes all renewable generation activities (including hydro) previously reported as part 
of European power generation and International power generation, together with new businesses. 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the EBITDA of the Group’s renewables and new 
businesses unit corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
Reported 
Ordinary(1) 
 
         Six-month period 
          ended 30 June 
      Six-month period 
      ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
 
(million €) 
 
(million €) 
 
Renewables and new businesses 
EBITDA 
185  
193   
(4.1) 
 
178  
198  
(10.1) 
 
Spain and USA 
152  
162  
(6.2)
 
141  
166  
(15.1) 
 
Australia 
―  
1   
(100.0)
 
― 
1 
(100.0)
 
LatAm 
33  
30   
10.0 
 
37 
31 
19.4 
 
 
Note: 
(1) 
EBITDA adjusted for impacts related to restructuring costs and other non-ordinary items considered material for a better 
understanding of the Group’s underlying results. See Appendix I (Alternative performance metrics) to the Interim Consolidated 
Directors’ Report 2021 which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and the table above setting forth the 
breakdown of non-ordinary items for the first half of 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
Ordinary EBITDA of the Group’s renewables and new businesses unit reached €178 million during the six-
month period ended 30 June 2021, a 10.1% decrease when compared to the corresponding period in 2020. 
Higher wind and hydro production in Spain and new installed capacity in Chile were offset by lower margins 
in Spain and Australia, lower wind resource in Mexico, as well as negative FX impact in LatAm (a loss of 
€3 million). As at 30 June 2021, Naturgy operated 5,177 MW of renewable capacity.

--- Page 151 ---
144 
 
Renewables Spain and the United States 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the results of the Group’s renewables business in 
Spain and the United States corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, 
respectively. 
 
             Six-month period 
              ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
 
(million €) 
 
Revenue 
288 
279 
3.2  
Procurement 
(36) 
(33) 
9.1  
Gross margin(1) 
252 
246 
2.4  
Other operating income 
10 
3 
n.m.  
Net personnel expenses 
(41) 
(22) 
86.4  
Taxes 
(29) 
(34) 
(14.7)  
Other operating expenses 
(40) 
(31) 
29.0  
Reported EBITDA 
152 
162 
(6.2)  
Ordinary EBITDA(2) 
141  
166              (15.1)  
Depreciation/amortisation & impairment losses and transfers to 
provisions 
(79) 
(82) 
(3.7)  
Operating results 
73 
80 
(8.8)  
 
Note: 
(1) 
Gross Margin = Revenue – Procurement. 
(2) 
EBITDA adjusted for impacts related to restructuring costs and other non-ordinary items considered material for a better 
understanding of the Group’s underlying results. See Appendix I (Alternative performance metrics) to the Interim Consolidated 
Directors’ Report 2021 which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and the table above setting forth the 
breakdown of non-ordinary items for the first half of 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
Ordinary EBITDA of the Group’s renewables business in Spain and the United States amounted to €141 
million during the six-month period ended 30 June 2021, down 15.1% when compared to the corresponding 
period in 2020, as a result of lower solar production in the Picones solar plant (150MW) due to temporary 
weather damage repairs and higher opex from activity growth. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, it is 
expected that repairs will be finalised before the end of 2021.

--- Page 152 ---
145 
 
The tables below set forth certain information regarding the main output figures of the Group’s renewables 
business in Spain and the United States corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 
2020, respectively, unless otherwise indicated. 
 
 
           Six-month period 
             ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
Total MW(1) 
4,083 
3,988 
3.7  
Hydroelectric 
2,062 
2,062 
―  
Wind 
1,720 
1,625 
5.8  
Solar 
250 
250 
―  
Cogeneration and others 
51 
51 
0.2  
Electric energy produced (GWh) 
4,898 
4,192 
16.9  
Hydroelectric 
2,610 
2,288 
14.1  
Wind 
2,015 
1,583 
27.3  
Solar 
113 
161 
(29.6)  
Cogeneration and others 
160 
160 
―  
Note: 
(1) 
As at 30 June. 
Renewables Australia 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the results of the Group’s renewables business in 
Australia corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 
              Six-month period 
               ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
 
(million €) 
 
Revenue 
4 
4 
―  
Procurement 
― 
― 
―  
Gross margin(1) 
4 
4 
―  
Other operating income 
― 
― 
―  
Net personnel expenses 
(1) 
― 
n.m.  
Taxes 
― 
― 
―  
Other operating expenses 
(3) 
(3) 
―  
Reported EBITDA 
― 
1 
(100.0)  
Ordinary EBITDA(2) 
―  
1 
(100.0)  
Depreciation/amortisation & impairment losses and transfers to 
provisions 
(5) 
(2) 
150.0  
Operating results 
(5) 
(1) 
400.0  
 
Note: 
(1) 
Gross Margin = Revenue – Procurement. 
(2) 
EBITDA adjusted for impacts related to restructuring costs and other non-ordinary items considered material for a better 
understanding of the Group’s underlying results. See Appendix I (Alternative performance metrics) to the Interim Consolidated 
Directors’ Report 2021 which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and the table above setting forth the 
breakdown of non-ordinary items for the first half of 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
Ordinary EBITDA of the Group’s renewables business in Australia during the six-month period ended 30

--- Page 153 ---
146 
 
June 2021 was €0 million, compared to €1 million during the corresponding period in 2020. The decrease 
is mainly explained by the lower margins following the quarterly mark to market of existing PPAs under 
contracts for differences regime. 
Naturgy continued to progress developing new renewable assets in Australia during the first six months of 
2021. Accordingly, installed wind capacity as of 30 June 2021 reached 277MW, 181MW higher compared 
to 30 June 2020. Australia remains a key market for growth of the Group’s renewables business. Naturgy 
has reached several agreements in the country, which will subsequently increase its capacity to over 750MW 
by 2022. Naturgy aims at consolidating its position as a leading wind farm developer in Australia. 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the main output figures of the Group’s renewables 
business in Australia corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, respectively, 
unless otherwise indicated.  
 
 Six-month period 
    ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
Total MW(1) 
277 
96 
188.5 
Wind 
277 
96 
188.5 
Electric energy produced (GWh) 
266 
135 
        97.3 
Wind 
266 
135 
        97.3 
 
Note: 
(1) 
As at 30 June. 
Renewables Latin America 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the results of the Group’s renewables business in 
Latin America corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, respectively.  
 
 
                Six-month period 
                 ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
 
(million €) 
 
Revenue 
73 
51 
43.1  
Procurement 
(19) 
(2) 
850.0  
Gross margin(1) 
54 
49 
10.2  
Other operating income 
5 
2 
150.0  
Net personnel expenses 
(10) 
(9) 
11.1  
Taxes 
(1) 
(1) 
―  
Other operating expenses 
(15) 
(11) 
36.4  
Reported EBITDA 
33 
30 
10.0  
Ordinary EBITDA(2) 
37 
31 
19.4  
Depreciation/amortisation & impairment losses and transfers to 
provisions 
(15) 
(9) 
66.7  
Operating results 
18 
21 
(14.3)  
 
Note: 
(1) 
Gross Margin = Revenue – Procurement. 
(2) 
EBITDA adjusted for impacts related to restructuring costs and other non-ordinary items considered material for a better 
understanding of the Group’s underlying results. See Appendix I (Alternative performance metrics) to the Interim Consolidated

--- Page 154 ---
147 
 
Directors’ Report 2021 which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and the table above setting forth the 
breakdown of non-ordinary items for the first half of 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
Ordinary EBITDA of the Group’s renewables business in Latin America reached €37 million during the 
six-month period ended 30 June 2021, an increase of 19.4% when compared to the corresponding period in 
2020. The improvement was mainly driven by new capacity coming into operation in Chile, which was 
partially offset by a negative FX impact (a loss of €3 million). 
Installed capacity in Latin America as of 30 June 2021 reached 818MW, 307MW higher compared to 30 
June 2020, of which 206MW corresponded to wind and 101MW to solar. 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the main output figures of the Group’s renewables 
business in Latin America corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, 
respectively, unless otherwise indicated.  
 
               Six-month period 
                ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
Total MW(1)  
818 
511 
60.1  
Mexico (Wind) 
234 
234 
―  
Brazil (Solar) 
153 
153 
―  
Chile (Solar) 
101 
― 
n.m.  
Chile (Wind) 
206 
― 
n.m.  
Costa Rica (Hydroelectric) 
101 
101 
―  
Panama (Hydroelectric) 
22 
22 
(0.3)  
Electric energy produced (GWh) 
964 
711 
35.4  
Mexico (Wind) 
315 
398 
(20.9)  
Brazil (Solar) 
142 
132 
7.4  
Chile (Solar) 
125 
― 
―  
Chile (Wind) 
139 
― 
―  
Costa Rica (Hydroelectric) 
203 
148 
37.7  
Panama (Hydroelectric) 
40 
34 
17.4  
 
Note: 
(1) 
As at 30 June. 
3. Supply 
This business unit includes all power sales to end customers in Spain as well as gas sales to end customers 
with volumes sold below 500GWh/year in Spain.

--- Page 155 ---
148 
 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the results of the Group’s supply business unit 
corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 
                Six-month period 
                 ended 30 June 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
 
(million €) 
 
Revenue 
3,544 
3,527 
0.5  
Procurement 
(3,196) 
(3,222) 
(0.8)  
Gross margin(1) 
348 
305 
14.1  
Other operating income 
4 
1 
300.0  
Net personnel expenses 
(94) 
(74) 
27.0  
Taxes 
(19) 
(14) 
35.7  
Other operating expenses 
(88) 
(84) 
4.8  
Reported EBITDA 
151 
134 
12.7  
Ordinary EBITDA(2) 
                214  
              171 
25.1  
Depreciation/amortisation & impairment losses and transfers to 
provisions 
(72) 
(83) 
-13.3  
Operating results 
79 
51 
54.9  
 
Note: 
(1) 
Gross Margin = Revenue – Procurement. 
(2) 
EBITDA adjusted for impacts related to restructuring costs and other non-ordinary items considered material for a better 
understanding of the Group’s underlying results. See Appendix I (Alternative performance metrics) to the Interim Consolidated 
Directors’ Report 2021 which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and the table above setting forth the 
breakdown of non-ordinary items for the first half of 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
Ordinary EBITDA of the Group’s supply business unit amounted to €214 million during the six-month 
period ended 30 June 2021, 25.1% higher when compared to the corresponding period in 2020, primarily 
driven by the improvement in gas supply supported by the recovery of gas prices and industrial sales. These 
were partially offset by lower sales and some margin compression in the power supply industrial segment 
together with lower contribution from services and solutions activities.

--- Page 156 ---
149 
 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the main output figures of the Group’s supply 
business unit corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2021 and 2020, respectively, unless 
otherwise indicated. 
 
            Six-month period 
            ended 30 June 
 
2021 
2020 
Change (%) 
Gas sales (GWh) 
55,130 
49,955 
10.4  
Residential Spain 
12,519 
11,343 
10.4  
Industrial clients 
41,294 
37,028 
11.5  
SM&E 
1,316 
1,584 
(16.9)  
By segment 
55,130 
49,955 
10.4  
Liberalised 
51,358 
46,704 
10.0  
Regulated 
3,772 
3,250 
16.0  
Electricity sales (GWh): 
11,056 
10,750 
2.8  
Residential Spain 
4,572 
4,847 
(5.7)  
Industrial clients 
5,233 
4,349 
20.3  
SM&E 
1,251 
1,555 
(19.5)  
By segment 
11,056 
10,750 
2.8  
Liberalised 
8,572 
8,200 
4.5  
Regulated 
2,483 
2,551 
(2.6)  
Retail contracts (thousands)(1) 
10,573 
10,861 
(2.7)  
Gas 
3,731 
3,919 
(4.8)  
Electricity 
3,987 
4,125 
(3.4)  
Services 
2,856 
2,817 
1.4  
Contracts per customer (Spain) 
1.57 
1.55 
0.0 pp  
 
Note: 
(1) 
As at 30 June. 
Legislation in Spain  
The Group operates in a highly regulated environment that impacts both regulated and liberalised activities. 
An overview of such laws and regulations is available at Annex IV of the Guarantor’s consolidated annual 
accounts for the year ended 31 December 2020, which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
However, in recent months the regulatory environment in which the Group operates has been affected by 
certain changes. These changes include, but are not limited to, the following: 
In June 2021, the MITERD proposed a new draft law to act on the remuneration of CO2 not emitted in the 
electricity market, with the aim of reducing the extra-remuneration received by non-emitting infra-marginal 
power generation plants (mainly nuclear and hydropower stations commissioned before the creation of the 
market for emission rights in 2003), due to the pricing mechanism in the Spanish electricity system that 
follows a marginalist scheme: the price is set by the last technology to enter the system to cover electricity 
demand and it has risen considerably, amongst other things, due to the increase in CO2 emissions rights. As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, the proposal is currently under parliamentary processing and is expected 
to be approved by the end of 2021. 
On 14 September 2021, the Spanish Government approved Royal Decree-law 17/2021 (Real Decreto-ley 
17/2021) which includes new temporary measures to mitigate the impact on consumers of high electricity 
market prices. These measures affect various areas in which the company operates, as generation or gas and 
electricity commercialisation. Amongst these measures stand out the establishment of a temporary reduction 
of the extra-remuneration received by non-emitting infra-marginal power generation plants for the price of 
gas internalised in the wholesale electricity market, the establishment of long-term auctions for the 
allocation of manageable and non-emitting infra-marginal energy of the Dominant Operators or the 
limitation to increase the regulated gas tariff during one semester, recovering the amounts owed in the

--- Page 157 ---
150 
 
following reviews. Fiscal measures are also included in this package, reducing taxation in electricity bills 
until the end of the year.  
On 26 October 2021, the Spanish Government approved a further Royal Decree-law 23/2021 (Real Decreto-
ley 23/2021) which further develops the rules applying to the temporary extra-remuneration reduction. Such 
new rules significatively reduce its impact due to the express exclusion of energy volumes sold to end 
consumers on a fixed price basis prior to 14 September 2021 or, if following 14 September 2021, if they are 
sold for a minimum of one year on a fixed price basis to end consumers. While this clarification reduces the 
impact of this measure in the case of Naturgy since substantially all its infra-marginal power production is 
sold under this type of supplies, the detailed amounts are still to be calculated according to the directives 
provided by Red Eléctrica de España, although no substantial impact is foreseen due to this measure. 
However, it cannot be ruled out that such measures will continue to be modified or complemented or that 
new measures are established. In addition, there are press reports that the Spanish government is still 
considering additional measures that could mainly impact Group’s renewables power production, but, as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, no official announcement has been made. 
Although the overview, together with the description of the recent changes set out above, contain all the 
information that the Group considers material as at the date of this Base Prospectus and in the context of the 
issue of the Notes, it does not constitute an exhaustive description of all applicable laws and regulations 
affecting the Group. 
Prospective investors and/or their advisers should make their own analysis of the legislation and regulations 
applicable to the Group and of the impact they may have on the Group and any investment in the Notes and 
should not rely on this overview only. See also “Risk Factors—Risk Factors That May Affect the Issuer’s 
and the Guarantor’s Ability to Fulfil Their Obligations Under The Securities―Legal and Regulatory 
Risks―Risks relating to the Group’s regulatory environment”. 
Research and Development 
The Group engages in research and development both independently and in collaboration with other Spanish 
and international companies and bodies. The Group’s research and development focuses mainly on (i) safety 
in the transportation of natural gas, (ii) methods of reducing environmental impact, (iii) the development of 
new technologies in the distribution of gas and (iv) the development of new applications for natural gas. 
Litigation and Arbitration  
The sectors in which the Group operates have in recent years grown more litigious, as a result of the volatility 
of fuel prices and greater competition in the liberalised market, among other factors, and the Guarantor and 
its subsidiaries are currently involved in a number of judicial, arbitration and regulatory proceedings. Given 
the nature of the Group’s business and the sectors in which it operates, and the time required for a final 
decision to be adopted, the amounts involved in such proceedings can be significant. An adverse outcome 
in respect of one or more of these claims could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial 
condition and results of operation. 
In addition, members of the Group may, from time to time, be subject to civil, administrative and criminal 
liability claims for damage caused as a result of incidents arising in the Group’s ordinary course of 
operations. Such incidents may include breakdowns in the gas distribution network, gas explosions or 
damage caused by the Group’s tankers that transport LNG. Any such claims could result in the payment of 
damages by the Group in accordance with the legislation applicable in the countries in which the Group 
operates. While the Group seeks to obtain insurance cover for risks related to civil liability claims, its 
financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected to the extent any losses are uninsured, 
exceed the applicable limitations under its insurance policies or are subject to the payment of an excess 
towards the insured amount or to the extent the premiums payable in respect of such policies are increased 
as a result of insurance claims. 
The main judicial, arbitration and regulatory proceedings of the Group as of the date of this Base Prospectus 
are set forth below.

--- Page 158 ---
151 
 
Claims for Programa de Integración Social (“PIS”) and Contribución para la Financiación de la 
Seguridad Social (“COFINS”) taxes in Brazil 
In September 2005, the Tax Administration of Rio de Janeiro declared void the recognition that it had 
previously accepted in April 2003 to compensate the loans for the contributions related to the sale of PIS 
and COFINS paid by Companhia Distribuidora de Gás do Rio de Janeiro (“CEG”), in which the Group 
holds an interest of 54.2%. The Tax Administration confirmed this resolution in March 2007 and CEG 
therefore filed an appeal with the administrative courts (Justiça Federal do Rio de Janeiro). On 26 January 
2009, notification was received of public civil action against CEG in connection with the same events which 
are being processed. The total amount of this disputed tax liability, including interests, amounted as of the 
2007 resolution date to 386 million Brazilian Real, which now stands at 468 million Brazilian Real. The 
Court of First Instance issued a decision in November 2015 partially accepting the claim of CEG, ordering 
the refund and the payment of the tax debt plus costs in the amount of 108 million Brazilian Real and 
rejecting the imposition of default interest (updated) and fines. The sentence was appealed by the Federal 
Treasury of Brazil and by CEG before the Federal Court of Rio de Janeiro (Chamber of Appeal). 
Claims between Transportadora de Gas del Norte S.A. and Metrogas, S.A. 
Transportadora de Gas del Norte S.A filed various claims against Metrogas, S.A., a Chilean company owned 
by the Group as to 55.6%, in different first instance civil courts in Argentina on the grounds of alleged 
contractual breaches in relation to the transport of gas from Argentina to Chile that arose as a consequence 
of the Argentine energy crisis that started in 2004. 
In April 2017, Metrogas, S.A. received legal notification from the Court ordering to consolidate the 
proceedings, which amount to a total of U.S.$227 million in claims plus interest. The procedures are in a 
state sentencing in the first instance. 
Environmental incentive for coal plants in Spain 
In 2007, the Spanish authorities introduced an environmental incentive to support the installation of new 
sulphur oxide filters in existing coal plants. In November 2017, the European Commission opened an 
investigation to determine whether this incentive complied with the European Union’s state aid rules. As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, and without considering the period in which the economic system of Royal 
Decree-law 134/2010 (Real Decreto-ley 134/2010) was applied to the coal plants, the Group estimates that 
in the event of an adverse outcome of such investigation, it may have an adverse effect on the Group’s 
financial statements of approximately €67 million for the subsidies received during the period where Royal 
Decree 124/2010 (Real Decreto 124/2010) was not applicable.  
Social Bonus (Bono Social) 
According to Royal Decree-Law 9/2013 and the Electricity Act, some of the poorest consumers, known as 
“vulnerable consumers”, are eligible to receive a so-called “Social Bonus” (Bono Social) which was funded 
by companies such as the Group. The Supreme Court declared that this financing system is contrary to the 
Directive 2009/72/EC and therefore, was declared not applicable. The Supreme Court also recognised that 
funding companies may recover all payments that they made for this purpose since 2014 until the 
implementation of a new regulation of the Social Bonus in 2016, which in the case of the Group amounts 
to €74 million already received. However, the Spanish government appealed to the Constitutional Court 
(recurso de amparo), which revoked the Supreme Court’s decision and returned the proceeding to the point 
prior to the issuance of judgment. The Constitutional Court questioned why the Supreme Court had not 
applied for a preliminary ruling from the Court of Justice of the European Union, which the Constitutional 
Supreme Court then applied for. The Court of Justice of the European Union has issued its decision which 
is favourable to Naturgy and a final decision of the Supreme Court is expected to confirm its initial decision 
but such ruling has not yet been issued. 
AGESA 
AGESA (a Chilean gas procurement company, of which the Guarantor indirectly owns 60%) received an 
arbitration claim from GasValpo for damages amounting to €11.8 million and requesting the early 
termination of the gas supply contract. The claim is based on alleged breaches by AGESA of such gas supply 
contract. In the event the requested early termination of the gas supply contract were to be upheld, Naturgy

--- Page 159 ---
152 
 
estimates that the risk would amount to approximately €132 million due to loss of gas margin and 
regasification. 
Naturgy gas Mexico  
Naturgy gas Mexico received a collective action brought by PROFECO (a public office for the defence of 
consumers) in defence of all Naturgy users in Mexico for alleged commercial practices against consumers 
of the service.  Precautionary measures requested by PROFECO have yet to be resolved after an initial 
rejection of the same. 
Electricaribe 
On 14 November 2016, the Superintendence for Residential Public Services of the Republic of Colombia 
(the “Superintendence”) reported the government takeover of Electrificadora del Caribe, S.A. ESP 
(“Electricaribe”), a Naturgy investee company, as well as the removal of the members of the governing 
body and the general manager, and their replacement by a special agent appointed by the Superintendence. 
On 14 March 2017, the Superintendence announced the decision to liquidate Electricaribe. On 22 March 
2017, Naturgy initiated arbitration proceedings before the Court of the United Nations Commission for 
International Trade Law (UNCITRAL) and on 15 June 2018, it lodged a complaint in which it claimed 
approximately U.S.$1,600 million. On 4 December 2018, the Republic of Colombia submitted its answer 
to the complaint and filed a counterclaim for approximately U.S.$500 million, the viability of which the 
Guarantor currently considers remote. The main hearings were held in December 2019. In March 2021, the 
award was issued rejecting both claim and counterclaim. Several Colombian government agencies have 
brought administrative and judicial proceedings against the Group or its employees on behalf of 
Electricaribe, including the Public Prosecutor’s Office, the Superintendence for Public Services and the 
Superintendence for Companies. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Eletricaribe is still in the process of 
being liquidated. 
Endesa 
Endesa has notified the Group in November 2021 of the commencement of an arbitration proceeding in 
respect of the existing LNG sale and purchase agreement between Endesa and Naturgy. The dispute arises 
from Endesa’s obligation to pay the part of the contract price linked to the use of Naturgy’s fleet even if it 
cancels a cargo. Endesa estimates its claim at U.S.$69 million. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
proceedings are at an early stage. 
Environmental Matters 
The Group’s operations are subject to environmental protection laws and regulations of the European Union, 
Spain and the other countries in which the Group operates or is located. 
These operations are developed in accordance with the environmental strategy of the Group and focus on 
climate, air quality, water, natural capital and a sustainable economy.  
Insurance 
In line with industry practice, the Group insures its assets and activities worldwide. Among the risks insured 
are damage to property, business interruption and civil liability to third parties arising in connection with 
the Group’s operations. The Group’s insurance policies also include indemnification limits and deductibles. 
The Group considers its level of insurance coverage to be appropriate for the risks inherent in its business. 
The Group has its own reinsurance company, Natural Re, S.A. (“Natural Re”). Natural Re is completely 
integrated within the risk management of the Group and acts as a centralised global operations tool, 
providing coverage against Group risks. Natural Re retains part of the risk and purchases reinsurance 
protection to mitigate its exposure. Furthermore, Natural Re allows the Group to implement its insurance 
programme consistently across the varying regulatory environments applicable to the countries in which the 
Group operates. 
Employees

--- Page 160 ---
153 
 
As at 30 June 2021, the Group employed 8,006 persons in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, France, Mexico, 
Morocco, Panama and Spain, among other countries.  
The Group has not experienced industrial actions in the past five years. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Naturgy is not aware of any material labour dispute, other than disputes within the normal course 
of business.  
Management – Board of Directors  
The Board of Directors of the Guarantor has ultimate responsibility for the administration of the affairs of 
the Group. The directors, their position on the Board of Directors of the Guarantor, and their principal 
activities outside the Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus are as follows:  
Name 
Position 
Principal activities outside the Group 
Francisco Reynés Massanet 
Chairman & CEO 
 
 
 
 
Isabel Estapé 
Director 
Proprietary Director for 
Criteria Caixa, S.A.U. 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Criteria Caixa, S.A.U. 
 
 
 
Enrique Alcántara-García 
Irazoqui 
Director 
Proprietary Director for 
Criteria Caixa, S.A.U. 
Partner and Administrator of Bufete 
Alcántara, S.L.P. and Partner of 
Brugueras, Alcántara & García-Bragado 
Abogados  
 
 
 
Francisco Belil Creixell 
Independent Director 
Chairman of the Fundación Princesa de 
Girona and Vice-President of the 
Fundación Bertelsmann 
 
 
 
Helena Herrero Starkie 
Independent Director 
Chairwoman and CEO of HP Printing and 
Computing Solutions, S.L.U. and 
President of the Fundación I+E 
Innovación España 
 
 
 
Rajaram Rao 
Director 
(Proprietary Director for 
GIP III Canary 1 S.à r.l.) 
Partner of GIP  
 
 
 
Ramón Adell Ramón 
Independent Director 
Honorary President of the Asociación 
Española de Directivos (AED), President 
of the Societat d’Estudis Econòmics and 
Vice-President of the Confederación 
Española de Directivos y Ejecutivos 
(CEDE) and of the Fundación CEDE 
 
 
 
Claudi Santiago Ponsa 
Independent Director 
General Manager of First Reserve 
Corporation 
 
 
 
Pedro Sainz de Baranda 
Independent Director 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Gestamp Automoción, S.A 
 
 
 
Javier de Jaime Guijarro  
Director 
(Proprietary Director for 
Rioja S.à r.l.) 
Director Partner and member of the 
Board of Directors of CVC Capital 
Partners, S.L. 
 
 
 
Lucy Chadwick 
Director 
(Proprietary Director for 
GIP III Canary 1 S.à r.l.) 
Partner at Global Infrastructure Partners

--- Page 161 ---
154 
 
 
 
 
José Antonio Torre de Silva 
López de Letona  
Director 
(Proprietary Director for 
Rioja S.à r.l.)) 
Partner of CVC Capital Partners and in 
the Board of Directors of Compañía 
Logística de Hidrocarburos CLH, S.A. 
 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors is Avenida de América 38, Madrid, 28028, 
Spain. 
Conflicts of interest 
To the Guarantor’s knowledge, there are no conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the members 
of the Board of Directors to the Guarantor, and their respective private interests and/or duties.

--- Page 162 ---
155 
 
TAXATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH THE NOTES 
The following is a general description of certain European Union, United States, Dutch and Spanish tax 
considerations relating to the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts. It does not purport to be a complete 
analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts whether in those 
countries or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts should consult their 
own tax advisers as to which countries’ tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of 
Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts 
under the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of 
those countries. This overview is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Taxation in The Netherlands – Issues by Naturgy Finance B.V.  
This is a general summary and the tax consequences as described here may not apply to a holder of Notes, 
Coupons, Talons or Receipts. Any potential investors should consult their own tax advisers for more 
information about the tax consequences of acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes, Coupons, Talons or 
Receipts in their particular circumstances. 
This taxation summary solely addresses the principal Netherlands tax consequences of the acquisition, the 
ownership and disposition of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts issued by Naturgy Finance B.V. after the 
date hereof held by a holder of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts who is not a resident of The Netherlands. 
It does not consider every aspect of taxation that may be relevant to a particular holder of Notes, Coupons, 
Talons or Receipts under special circumstances or who is subject to special treatment under applicable law. 
Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to refer to Netherlands concepts, the meaning 
to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent 
Netherlands concepts under Netherlands tax law. 
This summary is based on the tax laws of The Netherlands as they are in force and in effect on the date of 
this Base Prospectus. The Netherlands means the European part of the Kingdom of The Netherlands. The 
laws upon which this summary is based are subject to change, potentially with retroactive effect. A change 
to such laws may invalidate the contents of this summary, which will not be updated to reflect any such 
change. This summary assumes that each transaction with respect to Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts is 
at arm’s length. 
This summary does not address the tax consequences of any holder of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts 
who is a resident of any non-European part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands. 
Also, this summary does not address the Dutch tax consequences for a holder of Notes, Coupons, Talons or 
Receipts that is considered to be affiliated (gelieerd) to Naturgy Finance B.V. within the meaning of the 
Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). Generally, a holder of Notes, Coupons, Talons 
or Receipts is considered to be affiliated (gelieerd) to Naturgy Finance B.V. for these purposes if such 
holder, either individually or as part of a collaborating group (samenwerkende groep), has a decisive 
influence on Naturgy Finance B.V.’s decisions, in such a way that such holder, or the collaborating group 
of which it forms part, is able to determine the activities of Naturgy Finance B.V. A holder of Notes, 
Coupons, Talons or Receipts, or the collaborating group of which such holder forms part, that holds more 
than 50% of the voting rights in Naturgy Finance B.V., or in which Naturgy Finance B.V. holds more than 
50% of the voting rights, is in any event considered to be affiliated. A holder of Notes, Coupons, Talons or 
Receipts is also considered to be affiliated if a third party holds more than 50% of the voting rights both in 
such holder and Naturgy Finance B.V. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments by Naturgy Finance B.V. under the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts can be made free of 
withholding or deduction of any taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by The 
Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, provided that (i) the Notes, 
Coupons, Talons or Receipts have a maturity - legally and de facto - of less than 50 years and (ii) the Notes, 
Coupons, Talons or Receipts will not represent, be linked (to the performance of) or be convertible (in part 
or in whole) into (rights to purchase) (a) shares; (b) profit certificates (winstbewijzen); and/or (c) debt

--- Page 163 ---
156 
 
instruments having a maturity - legally and de facto - of more than 50 years, issued by Naturgy Finance 
B.V. or any entity related to Naturgy Finance B.V. 
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
A holder of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts will not be subject to any Netherlands taxes on income or 
capital gains in respect of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts, including such tax on any payment under 
the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts or in respect of any gain realised on the disposal, deemed disposal 
or exchange of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts, provided that: 
(i) 
such holder is neither a resident nor deemed to be a resident of The Netherlands; 
(ii) 
such holder does not have an enterprise or an interest in an enterprise that is, in whole or in part, 
carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in The Netherlands 
and to which enterprise or part of an enterprise, as the case may be, Notes, Coupons, Talons or 
Receipts are attributable; 
(iii) 
if such holder is an individual, neither such holder nor any of the holder’s spouse, partner, a person 
deemed to be the holder’s partner, or other persons sharing such holder’s house or household, or 
certain other of such holder’s relatives (including foster children), whether directly and/or indirectly 
as (deemed) settlor, grantor or similar originator (the “Settlor”), or upon the death of the Settlor, 
the Settlor’s beneficiaries (the “Beneficiaries”) in proportion to their entitlement to the estate of 
the Settlor, of a trust, foundation or similar arrangement (a “Trust”), (a) indirectly has control of 
the proceeds of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts in The Netherlands, nor (b) has a substantial 
interest in Naturgy Finance B.V. and/or any other entity that legally or de facto, directly or 
indirectly, has control of the proceeds of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts in The Netherlands. 
For purposes of this clause (i), a substantial interest is generally not present if a holder does not 
hold, alone or together with the holder’s spouse, partner, a person deemed to be such holder’s 
partner, other persons sharing such holder’s house or household, certain other of such holder’s 
relatives (including foster children), or a Trust of which the holder or any of the aforementioned 
persons is a Settlor or a Beneficiary, whether directly or indirectly, (a) the ownership of, certain 
other rights, such as usufruct, over, or rights to acquire (whether or not already issued), shares 
representing five per cent. or more of the total issued and outstanding capital (or the issued and 
outstanding capital of any class of shares) of a company; (b) the ownership of, or certain other 
rights, such as usufruct, over profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen), or membership rights 
in a co-operative association, that relate to five per cent. or more of the annual profit of a company 
or co-operative association or to five per cent. or more of the liquidation proceeds of a company or 
co-operative association; or (c) membership rights representing five per cent. or more of the voting 
rights in a co-operative association’s general meeting; 
(iv) 
if such holder is a company, such holder has no substantial interest in Naturgy Finance B.V., or if 
such holder has a substantial interest in Naturgy Finance B.V., (a) such substantial interest is not 
held with the avoidance of Netherlands income tax as (one of) the main purpose(s), or (b) such 
substantial interest does not form part of an artificial structure or series of structures (such as 
structures which are not put into place for valid business reasons reflecting economic reality). For 
purposes of this clause (iv), a substantial interest is generally not present if a holder does not hold, 
whether directly or indirectly, (a) the ownership of, certain other rights, such as usufruct, over, or 
rights to acquire (whether or not already issued) shares representing five per cent. or more of the 
total issued and outstanding capital (or of the issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares) 
of a company; or (b) the ownership of, or certain other rights, such as usufruct, over profit 
participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to five per cent. or more of the annual profit of 
a company or to five per cent. or more of the liquidation proceeds of a company; and 
(v) 
if such holder is an individual, such income or capital gain does not form a “benefit from 
miscellaneous activities” in The Netherlands (resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) which, for 
instance, would be the case if the activities in The Netherlands with respect to Notes, Coupons, 
Talons or Receipts exceed “normal active asset management” (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer) 
or if income and gains are derived from the holding, whether directly or indirectly, of (a 
combination of) shares, debt claims or other rights (a “lucrative interest”; lucratief belang) that the 
holder thereof has acquired under such circumstances that such income and gains are intended to

--- Page 164 ---
157 
 
be remuneration for work or services performed by such holder (or a related person) in The 
Netherlands, whether within or outside an employment relation, where such lucrative interest 
provides the holder thereof, economically speaking, with certain benefits that have a relation to the 
relevant work or services. 
A holder of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts will not be subject to taxation in The Netherlands by reason 
only of the execution, delivery and/or enforcement of the documents relating to an issue of Notes, Coupons, 
Talons or Receipts or the performance by Naturgy Finance B.V. of its obligations thereunder or under the 
Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts. 
Gift, Estate or Inheritance Taxes 
No gift, estate or inheritance taxes will arise in The Netherlands with respect to an acquisition of Notes, 
Coupons, Talons or Receipts by way of a gift by, or on the death of, a holder who is neither resident nor 
deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Netherlands inheritance and gift tax purposes, unless in the 
case of a gift of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts by an individual who at the date of the gift was neither 
resident nor deemed to be resident in The Netherlands, such individual dies within 180 days after the date 
of the gift, while being resident or deemed to be resident in The Netherlands. 
Additionally, for purposes of Netherlands gift and inheritance tax, an individual with The Netherlands 
nationality will be deemed to be resident in The Netherlands if such individual has been resident in The 
Netherlands at any time during the ten years preceding the date of the gift or the individual’s death. 
For purposes of Netherlands gift tax, an individual not holding The Netherlands nationality will be deemed 
to be resident in The Netherlands if such individual has been resident in The Netherlands at any time during 
the twelve months preceding the date of the gift. 
For purposes of Netherlands gift and inheritance tax, a gift that is made under a condition precedent is 
deemed to have been made at the moment such condition precedent is satisfied. If the condition precedent 
is fulfilled after the death of the donor, the gift is deemed to be made upon the death of the donor. 
For purposes of Netherlands gift, estate and inheritance taxes, (i) a gift by a Trust, will be construed as a 
gift by the Settlor, and (ii) upon the death of the Settlor, as a rule, the Settlor’s Beneficiaries, will be deemed 
to have inherited directly from the Settlor. Subsequently, the Beneficiaries will be deemed the Settlor of the 
Trust for purposes of The Netherlands gift, estate and inheritance tax in case of subsequent gifts or 
inheritances. 
Value Added Tax 
There is no Netherlands value added tax payable in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the 
Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts, the payment of interest or principal under the Notes, Coupons, Talons 
or Receipts, or the transfer of the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
There is no Netherlands registration tax, capital tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in 
The Netherlands by a holder of a Note, Coupon, Talon or Receipt in respect of or in connection with the 
execution, delivery and/or enforcement by legal proceedings (including any foreign judgment in the courts 
of The Netherlands) of the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts or the performance of the obligations of 
Naturgy Finance B.V. under the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts. 
Residence 
A holder of a Note, Coupon, Talon or Receipt will not be treated as a resident of The Netherlands by reason 
only of the holding of a Note, Coupon, Talon or Receipt or the execution, performance, delivery and/or 
enforcement of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts. 
Taxation in Spain – Issues by Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. 
The following is a general description of certain Spanish tax considerations. The information provided 
below does not purport to be a complete overview of tax law and practice currently applicable in the

--- Page 165 ---
158 
 
Kingdom of Spain and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application thereof, which 
could be made with retroactive effect.  
This taxation summary solely addresses the principal Spanish tax consequences of the acquisition, the 
ownership and disposal of Notes issued by the Issuer after the date hereof held by a holder of Notes. It does 
not consider every aspect of taxation that may be relevant to a particular holder of Notes under special 
circumstances or who is subject to special treatment under applicable law or to the special tax regimes 
applicable in the Basque Country and Navarra (Territorios Forales). Where in this summary English terms 
and expressions are used to refer to Spanish concepts, the meaning to be attributed to such terms and 
expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Spanish concepts under Spanish tax law. 
This summary assumes that each transaction with respect to the Notes is at arm’s length. 
This overview is based on the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any 
change in law that may take effect after such date. 
References in this section to Noteholders include the beneficial owners of the Notes, where applicable.  
Any prospective investors should consult their own tax advisers who can provide them with personalised 
advice based on their particular circumstances. Likewise, investors should consider the legislative changes 
which could occur in the future. 
1. 
Introduction 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in 
force at the date of this document: 
(i) 
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, of 26 June, on 
supervision and solvency of credit entities (“Law 10/2014”) as well as Royal Decree 
1065/2007 of 27 July (“Royal Decree 1065/2007”), as amended by Royal Decree 
1145/2011 of 29 July (“Royal Decree 1145/2011”); 
(ii) 
for individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Personal Income 
Tax (“PIT”), Law 35/2006 of 28 November, on the PIT and on the Partial Amendment of 
the Corporate Income Tax Law, the Non-Residents Income Tax Law and the Net Wealth 
Tax Law, as amended, and Royal Decree 439/2007 of 30 March promulgating the PIT 
Regulations, as amended, along with Law 19/1991 of 6 June, on Wealth Tax, along with 
Law 29/1987, of 18 December on the Inheritance and Gift Tax; 
(iii) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Corporate 
Income Tax (“CIT”), Law 27/2014, of 27 November governing the CIT, and Royal 
Decree 634/2015, of 10 July promulgating the CIT Regulations; and 
(iv) 
for individuals and entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain which are 
subject to the Non-Resident Income Tax (“NRIT”), Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 
5 March promulgating the Consolidated Text of the NRIT Law, and Royal Decree 
1776/2004 of 30 July promulgating the NRIT Regulations, along with Law 29/1987, of 
18 December on the Inheritance and Gift Tax. 
Whatever the nature and residence of the Noteholder, the acquisition and transfer of Notes will be 
exempt from indirect taxes in Spain, i.e., exempt from Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, in accordance 
with the Consolidated Text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 24 
September and exempt from Value Added Tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December 
regulating such tax. 
2. 
Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain 
2.1 
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to PIT on a worldwide basis. Accordingly, 
income obtained from the Notes will be taxed in Spain when obtained by persons that are

--- Page 166 ---
159 
 
considered resident in Spain for tax purposes. The fact that a Spanish company pays interest or 
guarantee payments under a Note will not lead an individual or entity being considered tax-resident 
in Spain. 
Both interest payments periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or 
exchange of the Notes constitute a return on investment obtained from the transfer of a person’s 
own capital to third parties in accordance with the provisions of Article 25 of the PIT Law, and 
therefore must be included in the investor’s PIT savings taxable base pursuant to the provisions of 
the aforementioned law and taxed at a flat rate of 19 per cent. on the first €6,000, 21 per cent. for 
taxable income between €6,000.01 and €50,000, 23 per cent. for taxable income between 
€50,000.01 and €200,000 and 26 per cent for taxable income exceeding €200,000. 
As a general rule, both types of income are subject to a withholding tax on account at the current 
rate of 19 per cent.  
However, it should be noted that Royal Decree 1065/2007 provides for information which are 
explained under section “Taxation in Spain—Disclosure of Information in Connection with the 
Notes” below and that, in particular, in the case of debt listed securities issued under Law 10/2014 
and initially registered in a foreign clearing and settlement entity that is recognised under Spanish 
regulations or under those of another OECD member state, as the Notes issued by Naturgy Capital 
Markets, S.A.: 
(i) 
it would not be necessary to provide the Issuer with the identity of the Noteholders who 
are individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes or to indicate the amount of income 
attributable to such individuals; and  
(ii) 
interest paid to all Noteholders (whether tax resident in Spain or not) should be paid free 
of Spanish withholding tax provided that the information procedures are complied with. 
Therefore, Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. understands that, according to Royal Decree 1065/2007, 
it has no obligation to withhold any tax amount for interest paid on the Notes corresponding to 
Noteholders who are individuals with tax residency in Spain provided that the information 
procedures (which do not require identification of the Noteholders) are complied with.  
Nevertheless, Spanish withholding tax at the applicable rate (currently 19 per cent.) may have to 
be deducted by other entities (such as depositaries or financial entities), provided that such entities 
are resident for tax purposes in Spain or have a permanent establishment in the Spanish territory. 
The amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against its final PIT 
liability. 
However, regarding the interpretation of Royal Decree 1065/2007 and the information procedures, 
please refer to section “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Withholding Tax” above. 
2.2 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Net Wealth Tax may be levied in Spain on resident individuals on a worldwide basis. In particular, 
individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Net Wealth Tax to the extent that their net 
worth exceeds €700,000 (subject to any exceptions provided under relevant legislation in an 
autonomous region (Comunidad Autónoma)). Therefore, they should take into account the value 
of the Notes which they hold as at 31 December each year, the applicable rates ranging between 
0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent., although the final tax rates may vary depending on any applicable 
regional tax laws, and some reductions may apply. 
2.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes 
by inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance 
with the applicable Spanish regional and State rules. The applicable effective tax rates currently 
range between 0 per cent. and 81.6 per cent. depending on relevant factors.

--- Page 167 ---
160 
 
3. 
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain 
3.1 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Legal entities with tax residency in Spain are subject to CIT on a worldwide basis. 
Both, interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or 
repayment of the Notes constitute a return on investments for tax purposes obtained from the 
transfer to third parties of own capital and must be included in the profit and taxable income of 
legal entities with tax residency in Spain for corporation tax purposes in accordance with the CIT 
tax rules. The current general tax rate according to CIT Law is 25 per cent.  
Pursuant to Article 61.s of the CIT Regulations, there is no obligation to make a withholding on 
income obtained by taxpayers subject to Spanish CIT (which for the avoidance of doubt, include 
Spanish tax resident investment funds and Spanish tax resident pension funds) from financial assets 
traded on organised markets in OECD countries. However, in the case of Notes held by a Spanish 
resident entity and deposited with a Spanish resident entity acting as depositary or custodian, 
payments of interest and income deriving from the transfer may be subject to withholding tax at 
the current rate of 19 per cent. Such withholding may be made by the depositary or custodian if the 
Notes do not comply with the exemption requirements specified in the ruling issued by the Spanish 
Tax Authorities (Dirección General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 (that is, placement of the 
Notes outside of Spain in another OECD country and admission to listing of the Notes on an 
organised market in an OECD country other than Spain). The amounts withheld, if any, may be 
credited by the relevant investors against its final CIT liability. 
Notwithstanding the above, according to Royal Decree 1065/2007 (as amended), in the case of 
listed debt instruments issued under Law 10/2014 and initially registered in a foreign clearing and 
settlement entity that is recognised under Spanish regulations or under those of another OECD 
member state (such as the Notes issued by Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A.), interest paid to investors 
should be paid free of Spanish withholding tax. The foregoing is subject to certain information 
procedures having been fulfilled. These procedures are described in “Taxation in Spain—
Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes” below.  
Therefore, Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. considers that, pursuant to Royal Decree 1065/2007 (as 
amended), it has no obligation to withhold any tax on interest paid on the Notes in respect of 
Noteholders who are Spanish CIT taxpayer, provided that the information procedures are complied 
with. 
However, regarding the interpretation of Royal Decree 1065/2007 (as amended) and the 
information procedures, please refer to section “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Withholding Tax” 
above. 
3.2 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes are not subject to Net Wealth Tax. 
3.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes which acquire ownership or other rights over the 
Notes by inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax. 
4. 
Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residency in Spain 
4.1 
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) 
(a) 
With permanent establishment in Spain 
Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in itself 
create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain.

--- Page 168 ---
161 
 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal entity 
who is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income deriving from such 
Notes are, generally, the same as those previously set out for Spanish CIT taxpayers. See “Taxation 
in Spain—Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain—Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre 
Sociedades)”.  
(b) 
With no permanent establishment in Spain 
Both, interest payments periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption 
or repayment of the Notes, obtained by individuals or legal entities who have no tax residency in 
Spain, being NRIT taxpayers with no permanent establishment in Spain, are exempt from such 
NRIT on the same terms laid down for income from Public Debt.  
In order for such exemption to apply, it is necessary to comply with the information procedures, in 
the manner detailed under “Taxation in Spain—Disclosure of Information in Connection with the 
Notes” as set out in Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 (as amended by Royal Decree 
1145/2011).  
4.2 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation 
to Net Wealth Tax would generally not be subject to such tax. Otherwise, non-Spanish resident 
individuals whose properties and rights are located in Spain, or that can be exercised within the 
Spanish territory exceed €700,000 would be subject to Net Wealth Tax, the applicable rates ranging 
between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent., although the final tax rates may vary depending on any 
applicable regional tax laws, and some reductions may apply. 
However, non-Spanish tax resident individuals will be exempt from Wealth Tax in respect of the 
Notes whose income is exempt from NRIT as described above. 
Noteholders tax resident in a State of the European Union or of the European Economic Area may 
be entitled to apply the specific regulation of the autonomous region where their most valuable 
assets are located and which trigger this Spanish Net Wealth Tax due to the fact that they are 
located or are to be exercised or must be fulfilled within the Spanish territory. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Net Wealth Tax. 
4.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals who do not have tax residency in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over the 
Notes by inheritance, gift or legacy will not be subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax in Spain if the 
country in which such individual resides has entered into a double tax treaty with Spain in relation 
to Inheritance and Gift Tax. In such case, the individual will be subject to the relevant double tax 
treaty. In the absence of such treaty between the individual’s country of residence and Spain, the 
individual will be subject to Inheritance and Gift tax in accordance with the applicable regional 
and state legislation. 
Non-Spanish tax resident individuals are subject to Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax according to 
the rules set forth in the Spanish state-level or relevant autonomous region law. If the deceased, the 
heir or the donee is resident outside of Spain, the applicable rules will be those corresponding to 
the relevant autonomous regions as per the rules set out in the law. As such, prospective investors 
should consult their tax advisors.  
The effective tax rate, after applying all relevant factors, ranges between 0 per cent. and 81.6 per 
cent. 
Non-resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, 
gift or legacy are not subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax. They will be subject to Non-Resident 
Income Tax. If the entity is resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax

--- Page 169 ---
162 
 
treaty, the provisions of the treaty will apply. In general, tax treaties provide for the taxation of this 
type of income in the country of residence of the beneficiary. 
Taxation in Spain - Payments under the Guarantee 
On the basis that payments of principal and interest made by the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee 
should be characterised as an indemnity under Spanish law, such payments may be made free of withholding 
or deduction on account of any Spanish tax. 
However, although there is no precedent or regulation on the matter, if the Spanish tax authorities take the 
view that the Guarantor has effectively assumed the obligations of the relevant Issuer under the Notes 
(whether contractually or by any other means) the following tax consequences may derive: 
(i) 
in the case of unlisted Notes issued by Naturgy Finance B.V., the Spanish tax authorities may 
attempt to impose withholding tax in Spain on any payments made by the Guarantor in respect of 
interest, unless the recipient is (i) resident for tax purposes in a Member State of the European 
Union other than Spain or in another state member of the European Economic Area with which 
there is an effective exchange of information with Spain (or is a permanent establishment of such 
resident situated in another Member State of the European Union or in another state member of the 
European Economic Area with which there is an effective exchange of information with Spain) 
and it is not resident in or acting through a territory considered as a tax haven pursuant to Spanish 
Law (currently as set out in Royal Decree 1080/1991, of 5 July) or through a permanent 
establishment in Spain or in a country outside the European Union or outside a country in the 
European Economic Area with which there is an effective exchange of information with Spain, or 
(ii) resident for tax purposes in a State with which Spain has entered into a Double Tax Treaty 
which makes provision for full exemption from tax imposed in Spain on such payment under the 
Double Tax Treaty, provided that, in either case, such recipient submits to the Guarantor a tax 
residence certificate duly issued by the tax authorities in its own jurisdiction stating its residence 
for tax purposes either within the relevant EU Member State or in the relevant country for the 
purposes of the Double Tax Treaty, such certificate being valid for a period of one year from the 
date of issue under Spanish law and therefore new certificates needing to be issued periodically; 
and 
(ii) 
in the case of listed Notes issued by Naturgy Finance B.V. and Notes issued by Naturgy Capital 
Markets, S.A., the Spanish tax authorities may determine that interest payments made by the 
Guarantor, relating to the Notes, will be subject to the same tax rules set out above for payments 
made by Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. Therefore, under this scenario, it would also be necessary 
to comply with the information procedures, in the manner detailed under “Taxation in Spain—
Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes” below. 
Obligation to inform the Spanish Tax Authorities of the Ownership of the Notes 
With effects as of 1 January 2013, Law 7/2012, of 29 October, as implemented by Royal Decree 1558/2012, 
of 15 November, introduced annual reporting obligations applicable to Spanish residents (i.e. individuals, 
legal entities, permanent establishments in Spain of non-resident entities) in relation to certain foreign assets 
or rights. 
Consequently, if the Notes are deposited with or placed in the custody of a non-Spanish entity, Noteholders 
resident in Spain will be obliged, if certain thresholds are met as described below, to declare before the 
Spanish Tax Authorities, between 1 January and 31 March every year, the ownership of the Notes held on 
31 December of the immediately preceding year (e.g., to declare between 1 January 2022 and 31 March 
2022 the Notes held on 31 December 2021). 
This obligation would only need to be complied with if certain thresholds are met: specifically, if the only 
rights/assets held abroad are the Notes, this obligation would only apply if the value of the Notes together 
with other qualifying assets held on 31 December exceeds €50,000 (with the corresponding valuation to be 
made in accordance with Wealth Tax rules). If this threshold is met, a declaration would only be required 
in subsequent years if the value of the Notes together with other qualifying assets increases by more than 
€20,000 as against the declaration made previously. Similarly, cancellation or extinguishment of the

--- Page 170 ---
163 
 
ownership of the Notes before 31 December should be declared if such ownership was reported in previous 
declarations. 
Taxation in Spain - Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes 
Disclosure of Information in Connection with Interest Payments  
In accordance with section 5 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 as amended by Royal Decree 
1145/2011 and provided that the Notes issued by Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. are initially registered for 
clearance and settlement in Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg, the Paying Agent designated by 
Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. would be obliged to provide Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. (or the Guarantor 
in relation to the payments made under the Deed of Guarantee) with a declaration (the form of which is set 
out in the Agency Agreement), which should include the following information: 
(i) 
description of the Notes (and date of payment of the interest income derived from such Notes);  
(ii) 
total amount of interest derived from the Notes; and  
(iii) 
total amount of interest allocated to each non-Spanish clearing and settlement entity involved.  
According to section 6 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, the relevant declaration will have to be 
provided to Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) on the business day 
immediately preceding each Interest Payment Date. If this requirement is complied with, Naturgy Capital 
Markets, S.A. (or the Guarantor) will pay gross (without deduction of any withholding tax other than any 
withholding tax under FATCA) all interest under the Notes to all Noteholders (irrespective of whether they 
are tax resident in Spain).  
In the event that the Paying Agent designated by Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. were to fail to provide the 
information detailed above, according to section 7 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, Naturgy Capital 
Markets, S.A. (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) or the Paying Agent acting on its behalf would be 
required to withhold tax from the relevant interest payments at the general withholding tax rate (currently, 
19 per cent.). If on or before the 10th day of the month following the month in which the interest is payable, 
the Paying Agent designated by Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. were to submit such information, Naturgy 
Capital Markets, S.A. (or the Guarantor) or the Paying Agent acting on its behalf would refund the total 
amount of taxes withheld. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. has agreed that in the event that withholding 
tax were required by law, Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A., failing which the Guarantor, would pay such 
additional amounts as may be necessary such that a Noteholder would receive the same amount that he 
would have received in the absence of any such withholding or deduction, except as provided in “Terms 
and Conditions of Notes Issued by Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A.—10. Taxation”. 
In the event that the current applicable procedures were to be modified, amended or supplemented by, 
amongst others, a Spanish law, regulation, interpretation or ruling of the Spanish Tax Authorities, Naturgy 
Capital Markets, S.A. would inform the Noteholders of such information procedures and of their 
implications, as Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) may be required to 
apply withholding tax on interest payments under the Notes if the Noteholders were not to comply with such 
information procedures. 
The Guarantor is subject to the same reporting requirements in relation to listed Notes issued by Naturgy 
Finance B.V. 
Disclosure of Noteholder Information in Connection with the Redemption or Repayment of Zero 
Coupon Notes 
In accordance with Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, in the case of Zero Coupon Notes with a maturity 
of 12 months or less, the information obligations established in Article 44 (see “Disclosure of Information 
in Connection with Interest Payments” above) will have to be complied with upon the redemption or 
repayment of the Zero Coupon Notes.

--- Page 171 ---
164 
 
If the Spanish tax authorities consider that such information obligations must also be complied with for Zero 
Coupon Notes with a longer term than 12 months, the Issuer will, prior to the redemption or repayment of 
such Notes, adopt the necessary measures with the Clearing Systems in order to ensure its compliance with 
such information obligations as may be required by the Spanish tax authorities from time to time. 
The proposed European financial transactions tax 
The European Commission published in February 2013 a proposal for a Directive for a common financial 
transaction tax (“EU FTT”) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (excluding Estonia, the “participating Member States”). Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate.  
The proposed EU FTT has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in financial 
instruments (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt.  
Under the current proposals, the EU FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in financial instruments 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member 
State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a 
participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued 
in a participating Member State. 
In the ECOFIN meeting of 17 June 2016, the EU FTT was discussed between the EU Member States. It was 
reiterated in this meeting that participating Member States envisage introducing an EU FTT by means of 
the so-called enhanced cooperation.  
The proposed Directive defines how the EU FTT would be implemented in participating Member States. It 
involves a minimum 0.1% tax rate for transactions in all types of financial instruments, except for 
derivatives that would be subject to a minimum 0.01% tax rate. 
The EU FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and the scope 
of any such tax is uncertain. It may therefore be changed prior to any implementation, the timing of which 
remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate and participating Members States 
may withdraw. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation 
to the FTT. 
The Spanish financial transactions tax 
On 16 October 2020, the Spanish Parliament approved the Law 5/2020, of 15 October, on the Tax on 
Financial Transactions (“Spanish FTT Law”) introducing the Spanish Financial Transaction Tax 
(“Spanish FTT”) that has entered into force on 16 January 2021. However, the Spanish Council of Minister 
stated that Spain would continue to participate in the enhanced co-operation for the approval of the EU FTT 
and, if finally approved, Spain would adapt the Spanish FTT to align it with the EU FTT.  
The Spanish FTT is aligned with the French and Italian financial transactions tax. Specifically, the Spanish 
FTT is an indirect tax levied at a tax rate of 0.2 per cent. on the acquisitions for consideration of shares 
issued by Spanish companies regardless of the residency of the parties involved in the transaction, or of the 
jurisdiction where the shares are traded, provided that they comply with the following conditions: (i) the 
shares should be admitted to trading on a regulated market under Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (or in a foreign market 
declared equivalent by the European Commission), and (ii) the stock market capitalization value of the 
company should exceed €1,000 million. The Spanish FTT will be payable on a monthly basis. 
However, according to the Spanish FTT Law, the Spanish FTT should not apply in relation to an issue of 
Notes under the Programme. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Withholding Act

--- Page 172 ---
165 
 
Pursuant to sections 1471 through 1474 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the “Code”), the regulations thereunder and official interpretations thereof, agreements entered into 
pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted 
pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such 
Sections of the Code (collectively, “FATCA”), a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold 
on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting, or related requirements. 
Custodians or intermediaries in the payment chain leading to the ultimate investor that are not entitled (or 
fail to establish eligibility) to receive payments free of withholding under FATCA may be subject to 
withholding under FATCA. A number of jurisdictions, including Spain and the Netherlands, have entered 
into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would 
generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects 
of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether 
withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  
The Issuer does not believe payments on the Notes will be subject to FATCA because the relevant Issuer 
does not believe it is a foreign financial institution for purposes of FATCA. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such 
withholding would not apply to payments made prior to the date that is two years after the date on which 
the final regulation defining “foreign passthru payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register and 
Notes issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining 
“foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” 
for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a 
substitution of the issuer). However, if additional notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions—
Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of 
the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat 
all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA.   
Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in 
the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on the Notes, no additional amounts will be paid in respect of such withholding.

--- Page 173 ---
166 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 3 December 2021 (the 
“Programme Agreement”) agreed with each Issuer and the Guarantor a basis upon which they or any of 
them individually may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those 
matters stated under “Form of the Notes”, “Form of Final Terms” and “Terms and Conditions of Notes 
Issued by Naturgy Finance B.V.” and “Terms and Conditions of Notes Issued by Naturgy Capital Markets, 
S.A.” above. However, each Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to dealers 
that are not Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the 
time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by each Issuer through 
the Dealers, acting as agents of the relevant Issuer. The Programme Agreement also provides for Notes to 
be issued in syndicated Tranches that are underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The relevant Issuer will pay each Dealer a commission in respect of Notes subscribed by it as separately 
agreed between them. Each Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred 
in connection with the establishment of the Programme.  
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in 
connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. The Programme Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate 
any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes 
being made to the relevant Issuer. 
United States 
The Notes and the obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee have not been and will not be 
registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it will not offer, 
sell or deliver Notes or obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all the Notes 
of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, 
fee or other remuneration to which it sells Notes or obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee 
during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes and the obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding paragraph 
and in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes or obligations 
of the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee within the United States by any Dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury Regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the Code and regulations thereunder. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of 
the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II;

--- Page 174 ---
167 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.   
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of 
the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
January 2016 on insurance distribution, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
 
Other regulatory restrictions  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of FSMA by the relevant Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Spain 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree that: 
(a) 
neither the Notes nor the Base Prospectus have been registered with the Spanish Securities Market 
Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) and that, therefore, the Base Prospectus

--- Page 175 ---
168 
 
is not intended to be used for any offer of Notes which require the registration of a prospectus in 
Spain; and 
(b) 
the Notes may not be offered, sold or distributed in Spain, nor may any subsequent resale of the 
Notes be carried out or publicity or marketing of any kind be made in Spain in relation to the Notes 
(i) 
except in circumstances which do not constitute an offer of securities to the public within 
the meaning of Article 2(d) of the Prospectus Regulation, and supplemental rules enacted 
thereunder or in substitution thereof from time to time; and  
(ii) 
except by institutions authorised to provide investment services in Spain under the 
Securities Market Act, Royal Decree 217/2008 of 15 February on the Legal Regime 
Applicable to Investment Services Companies (Real Decreto 217/2008, de 15 de febrero, 
sobre el régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás 
entidades que prestan servicios de inversión) and related legislation. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la 
Borsa (“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, 
sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Notes be 
distributed in Italy, except, in accordance with any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and 
regulations. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver 
any Notes or distribute any copy of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in Italy 
except:  
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the 
“Financial Services Act”) and Article 34-ter, paragraph 1, letter (b) of CONSOB regulation No. 
11971 of 14 May 1999 (the “Issuers Regulation”), all as amended from time to time; or  
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
1 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 34-ter of the Issuers Regulation, as amended from time 
to time, and applicable Italian laws; or 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must be:  
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 
385 of 1 September 1993 (the “Banking Act”) and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 
15 February 2018, all as amended from time to time;  
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and 
the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and  
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or 
requirement which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy 
or other competent authority.  
The Netherlands 
Zero coupon Notes in definitive bearer form and other Notes in definitive bearer form on which interest 
does not become due and payable during their term but only at maturity (saving certificates or spaarbewijze 
as defined in the Dutch Saving Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen; the “SCA”)) may only be 
transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through the mediation 
of either the Issuer or a member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. with due observance of the provisions of the

--- Page 176 ---
169 
 
SCA and its implementing regulations (which include registration requirements). No such mediation is 
required, however, in respect of (i) the initial issue of such Notes to the first holders thereof, (ii) the transfer 
and acceptance by individuals who do not act in the conduct of a profession or business, and (iii) the issue 
and trading of such Notes if they are physically issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed in the 
Netherlands in the course of primary trading or immediately thereafter.  
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore (the “MAS”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has 
not offered or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore 
(the “SFA”), (ii) to a relevant person pursuant to Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), 
and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275, of the SFA (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and 
in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, this Base 
Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of any Notes may not be circulated or distributed, nor may any Notes be offered 
or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, 
to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a 
relevant person pursuant to Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275, of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance 
with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, securities (as defined 
in Section 239(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest 
(howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation 
or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, 
or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 
276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 32 of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Shares 
and Debentures) Regulations 2005 of Singapore. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore - Unless 
otherwise stated at the time of the relevant issue of Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the 
Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products/capital markets products other than prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations

--- Page 177 ---
170 
 
2018) and Excluded Investment Products/Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of 
Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Law”) and each 
Dealer has agreed and each new Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it has 
not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly offer or sell any Notes in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, 
in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Laws and all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the relevant governmental and 
regulatory authorities in effect at the relevant time. For the purposes of this paragraph, “resident of Japan” 
shall mean any person resident in Japan including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws 
of Japan. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on 
any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the 
FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each new Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable 
securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force 
in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and 
neither the Issuers nor the Guarantor nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be 
sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional 
restrictions as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree.

--- Page 178 ---
171 
 
CERTAIN TERMS 
“CCGT” 
combined cycle gas turbine 
“OECD” 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development 
“ECB” 
European Central Bank 
“TWh” 
Tera Watt hour 
“GWh” 
Giga Watt hour 
“MW” 
Mega Watt 
“LPG” 
liquefied petroleum gas

--- Page 179 ---
172 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The update of the Programme was authorised by the Board of Managing Directors in a meeting 
held on 26 November 2021, and by written resolutions of the General Meeting of the Sole 
Shareholder of Naturgy Finance B.V. dated 26 November 2021, by resolutions of the Sole Director 
of Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A., passed on 25 November 2021, and by resolutions of the Board 
of Directors of the Guarantor passed on 24 November 2020.  
2. 
The admission of the Programme to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is expected 
to take effect on or around 3 December 2021. It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to 
be listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange will be so admitted to listing and trading upon submission to the CSSF and the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of the relevant Final Terms, subject in each 
case to the issue of a Temporary Global Note initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. 
Transactions will normally be effected for delivery on the third working day in Luxembourg after 
the day of the transaction.  
However, Notes may be issued by Naturgy Finance B.V. pursuant to the Programme which will 
not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any 
other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or which will be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as the 
relevant Issuer and relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
3. 
So long as Notes are capable of being issued under the Programme, remain outstanding or for ten 
years following the date of this Base Prospectus, whichever falls later, electronic copies of the 
following documents may be inspected during normal business hours at the specified office of 
Agent in London, at the registered/head office of the Issuers and the Guarantor referred to at the 
end 
of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
or 
https://www.naturgy.com/en/shareholders_and_investors/investors/issuances/euro_medium_term
_notes_programme_emtn:  
(i) 
the articles of association of each Issuer and the constitutional documents of the 
Guarantor;  
(ii) 
the documents referred to in “Documents Incorporated by Reference” above; 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(iv) 
any supplements to this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms (save that Final Terms 
relating to an issue of unlisted Notes will only be available for inspection by a holder of 
such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Agent as to the 
identity of such holder). 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus. The CSSF as competent authority has not scrutinised or approved the information 
on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at 
www.bourse.lu. 
4. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be specified in the relevant Final Terms along with the Financial Instrument 
Short Name (“FISN”) and the Classification of Financial Instruments Code (“CFI Code”), where 
applicable. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium 
and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg. The 
address of any alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 180 ---
173 
 
Because Notes in global form are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the 
relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor.  
While the Notes are represented by one or more global Notes, the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor 
will discharge their payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A 
holder of a beneficial interest in a global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuers and the 
Guarantor have no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect 
of, beneficial interests in the global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of 
the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are 
enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, 
holders of beneficial interests in the global Notes will not have a direct right under the global Notes 
to take enforcement action against the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor in the event of a default 
under the relevant Notes and instead will have to rely upon their rights under the Deed of Covenant. 
5. 
The Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under 
the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of 
issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. In the case of different Tranches of a Series 
of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest 
commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of 
the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date 
in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. The yield of each Tranche of 
Notes will be calculated as of the relevant issue date using the relevant issue price and will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. It is not an indication of future yield. 
6. 
Save as disclosed under “Description of Naturgy Energy Group, S.A.—Litigation and Arbitration” 
on pages 152 to 154 above, none of the Issuers or the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries is or has 
been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which any of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor 
is aware) during the twelve months before the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or 
have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of any of the 
Issuers or of the Guarantor or of the Group. 
7. 
 
(a) 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Naturgy Finance B.V. since 31 
December 2020 nor has there been any significant change in the financial position or financial 
performance of Naturgy Finance B.V. since 31 December 2020 (being the date of the latest 
available financial statements of Naturgy Finance B.V.). 
(b) 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. since 
31 December 2020 nor has there been any significant change in the financial position or financial 
performance of Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. since 31 December 2020 (being the date of the latest 
available financial statements of Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A.). 
(c) 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor since 31 December 
2020 nor has there been any significant change in the financial position or financial performance 
of the Group since 30 September 2021 (being the date of the latest available financial information 
of the Group). 
8. 
The Guarantor has been assigned a long-term credit rating of BBB (stable outlook) by S&P and 
BBB (stable outlook) by Fitch Ratings. 
9. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to 
the Issuers, the Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business and have received,

--- Page 181 ---
174 
 
or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. Certain of the 
Dealers and their respective affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued 
under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) 
entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuers, the Guarantor and their affiliates, investor 
clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading 
activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their 
respective affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and 
equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) 
for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuers and/or the Guarantor, and/or the 
Issuers’ or the Guarantor’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their respective affiliates that have 
a lending relationship with the Issuers and/or the Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure 
to the Issuers and/or the Guarantor and/or their affiliates consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their respective affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps 
or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under 
the Programme. The Dealers and their respective affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the avoidance of doubt, in this Base 
Prospectus the term ‘affiliates’ includes also parent companies. 
10. 
 
(a) 
KPMG Auditores, S.L. (independent auditors) located at Paseo de la Castellana 259C, 28046 
Madrid, Spain, and registered in the Official Registry of Accounting Auditors (Registro Oficial de 
Auditores de Cuentas), was appointed as the new independent auditor of Naturgy Capital Markets, 
S.A. and the Guarantor for 2021 (replacing Ernst & Young, S.L.), pursuant to the resolution of the 
shareholders’ meeting of the Guarantor held on 9 March 2021 and the sole shareholder’s meeting 
of Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. held on 3 March 2021. 
(b) 
The consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 
2019, which were prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as 
adopted by the European Union (“IFRS-EU”), have been audited without qualification by Ernst & 
Young, S.L. (registered in the Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas and members of the 
Instituto de Censores Jurados de Cuentas de España), independent auditor of the Guarantor. Ernst 
& Young, S.L.’s registered office is at Raimundo Fernández Villaverde, 65, 28003 Madrid (Spain) 
and is registered with the Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas under number S0530. 
(c) 
The Spanish language original unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of 
the Guarantor as at and for the six-month period ended 30 June 2021, which were prepared in 
accordance with International Accounting Standard 34 International Financial Reporting as 
adopted by the European Union (“IAS 34”), have been subject to a limited review in accordance 
with the International Standard on Review Engagements 2410, “Review of Interim Financial 
Reporting Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”, by KPMG Auditores, S.L., current 
independent auditors of the Guarantor from 1 January 2021. KPMG Auditores, S.L.’s registered 
office is at Paseo de la Castellana, 259C, 28046 Madrid, Spain, and is a member of the Official 
Registry of Auditors of Accounts (Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas) under number S0702. 
(d) 
The unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial information of the Guarantor in relation 
to the nine-month period ended 30 September 2021 have been prepared using accounting policies 
consistent with IFRS-EU. 
(e) 
KPMG Accountants N.V., independent auditors, with their address at Laan van Langerhuize 1, 
1186 DS Amstelveen, The Netherlands is subject to inspection by the Autoriteit Financiële 
Markten (“AFM”). The AFM has granted KPMG Accountants N.V. a license to perform financial 
statement audits of public interest entities. The auditor who signs on behalf of KPMG Accountants 
N.V. is a member of the Dutch Professional Organization for Accountants (Nederlandse

--- Page 182 ---
175 
 
Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). KPMG Accountants N.V. was appointed as the new 
independent auditor of Naturgy Finance B.V. for 2021 (replacing Ernst & Young Accountants 
LLP), pursuant to the resolution of the shareholders’ meeting of Naturgy Finance B.V. held on 9 
February 2021. 
(f) 
The non-consolidated financial statements of Naturgy Finance B.V. as at and for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, which were prepared in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles in the Netherlands prepared on the basis of Title 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch 
Civil Code and Dutch Accounting Standards as issued by the Dutch Accounting Standards Board 
(together, “Dutch GAAP”), have been audited without qualification by Ernst & Young 
Accountants LLP, independent auditor of the Issuer up until the financial year ended 31 December 
2020. Ernst & Young Accountants LLP’s registered office is at Antonio Vivaldistraat 150, 1083 
HP Amsterdam (The Netherlands) and is registered at the Chamber of Commerce and Industries 
of Amsterdam, of which partners are members of the Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van 
Accountants. 
(g) 
The non-consolidated annual accounts of Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A., which were prepared in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in Spain (“Spanish GAAP”), have been 
audited for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 by Ernst & Young, S.L. 
(registered in the Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas and members of the Instituto de 
Censores Jurados de Cuentas de España), independent auditors of Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. 
up until the financial year ended 31 December 2020. Ernst & Young, S.L.’s registered office is at 
Raimundo Fernández Villaverde, 65, 28003 Madrid (Spain) and is registered with the Registro 
Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas under number S0530. 
11. 
This Base Prospectus does not incorporate any financial information in relation to Naturgy Capital 
Markets, S.A. prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, IFRS-EU or any description of the 
differences between IFRS-EU and Spanish GAAP. It is possible that a reconciliation of financial 
information prepared in accordance with Spanish GAAP to IFRS-EU or other qualitative or 
quantitative analysis of differences between these accounting principles would identify material 
differences that are not otherwise disclosed in this Base Prospectus. You should consult your own 
accounting advisers for an understanding of the differences between Spanish GAAP and IFRS-EU 
and how those differences might affect the financial statements and other financial information 
contained in this Base Prospectus. 
12. 
This Base Prospectus does not incorporate any financial information in relation to Naturgy Finance 
B.V. prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, IFRS-EU or any description of the differences 
between IFRS-EU and Dutch GAAP. It is possible that a reconciliation of financial information 
prepared in accordance with Dutch GAAP to IFRS-EU or other qualitative or quantitative analysis 
of differences between these accounting principles would identify material differences that are not 
otherwise disclosed in this Base Prospectus. You should consult your own accounting advisers for 
an understanding of the differences between Dutch GAAP and IFRS-EU and how those differences 
might affect the financial statements and other financial information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. 
13. 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB, Sucursal en España de 
Sociedad Profesional has acted as legal adviser to the Guarantor as to English law and Spanish law 
and Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP has acted as legal adviser to the Guarantor as to Dutch 
law. Linklaters, S.L.P. has acted as legal adviser to the Dealers as to English law and Spanish law 
and Linklaters LLP has acted as legal adviser to the Dealers as to Dutch law, in each case in relation 
to the update of the Programme. 
14. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of Naturgy Finance B.V. is 2138005FTXOJUBQ5J563. 
The 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
(LEI) 
code 
of 
Naturgy 
Capital 
Markets, 
S.A. 
is 
959800DJELPWX1LAT467. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Guarantor is TL2N6M87CW970S5SV098.

--- Page 183 ---
THE ISSUERS 
Naturgy Finance B.V. 
Barbara Strozzilaan 201  
1083 HN Amsterdam  
The Netherlands 
 
Naturgy Capital Markets, S.A. 
Avenida de América, 38 
28028 Madrid 
Spain 
 
THE GUARANTOR 
Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. 
Avenida de América, 38 
28028 Madrid 
Spain 
 
AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre  
Canada Square, Canary Wharf  
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
AUDITORS OF NATURGY FINANCE B.V. 
AUDITORS OF NATURGY CAPITAL MARKETS, 
S.A. AND THE GUARANTOR 
Current auditor 
KPMG Accountants N.V. 
Laan van Langerhuize 1 
1186 DS Amstelveen 
The Netherlands 
Current auditor 
KPMG Auditores, S.L. 
P.º de la Castellana, 259C,  
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
Up until the financial year ended 31/12/2020 
Up until the financial year ended 31/12/2020 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP 
Antonio Vivaldistraat 150, 
1083 HP Amsterdam  
The Netherlands   
Ernst & Young, S.L. 
Raimundo Fernández Villaverde, 65 
28003 Madrid  
Spain

--- Page 184 ---
177179 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to English law 
and Spanish law 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor 
as to Dutch law 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte 
Steuerberater PartG mbB, Sucursal en España de 
Sociedad Profesional 
Torre Europa 
Paseo de la Castellana, 95 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP 
Strawinskylaan 10 
1077 XZ Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
To the Dealers as to English law 
and Spanish law 
To the Dealers as to 
Dutch law 
Linklaters, S.L.P. 
Almagro, 40 
28010 Madrid 
Spain 
Linklaters LLP 
WTC Amsterdam 
Zuidplein 180 
1077 XV Amsterdam  
The Netherlands 
 
 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Originación de Renta Fija 
Ciudad BBVA – Edificio Asia 
c/Sauceda 28 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
C/ Juan Ignacio Luca de Tena 11 
Ed. Magdalena, planta 1 
28027 Madrid 
Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC  
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
DO2RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens, 
75009 Paris 
France 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Calle del Pintor Sorolla, 2-4 
46002 Valencia 
Spain   
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge CEDEX 
France 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy

--- Page 185 ---
178179 
 
J.P. Morgan AG  
Taunustor 1 (TanusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98  
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastraβe 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany