--- Page 1 ---
WHOLESALE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
NATURGY FINANCE B.V. 
(Formerly Gas Natural Fenosa Finance B.V.; incorporated with limited liability in The Netherlands 
and having its statutory domicile in Amsterdam) 
Guaranteed by 
NATURGY ENERGY GROUP, S.A. 
(Formerly Gas Natural SDG, S.A.; incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain) 
 
euro 12,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under this €12,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), Naturgy Finance B.V. (the 
“Issuer”) may from time to time issue notes in bearer form (the “Notes”) guaranteed by Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. (the 
“Guarantor” and, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the “Group” or “Naturgy”). The maximum aggregate 
nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €12,000,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). The Issuer and the Guarantor may decide to increase the amount of the Programme.  
This document constitutes a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de 
Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) as competent authority for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed under Luxembourg and EU law pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval by the CSSF 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantor that are the subject of this Base Prospectus nor 
as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes issued under the Programme. Investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. The CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness 
of the transaction or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg 
Act dated 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses for securities (the “Luxembourg Act”). 
This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve months from its date (i.e., until 15 December 2024) in relation to Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). The 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. For the purposes of the Transparency 
Directive 2004/109/EC, Naturgy Finance B.V. has selected Luxembourg as its ‘home member state’. The ‘home member 
state’ of the Guarantor for such purposes is Spain. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes issued within twelve months from the 
date hereof to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (which is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU). Application may also be made to list such Notes on such other or further competent 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer and the Guarantor. According to 
the Luxembourg Act, the CSSF is not competent for approving prospectuses for the listing of money market instruments 
having a maturity at issue of less than twelve months and complying with the definition of securities. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see 
“Risk Factors” below.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Guarantor has been assigned a long-term credit rating of BBB (stable outlook) 
by S&P Global Ratings (“S&P”) and BBB (stable outlook) by Fitch Ratings (“Fitch Ratings”). Each of S&P and Fitch 
Ratings is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”). Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to Notes 
already issued. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the 
relevant Final Terms. A list of rating agencies registered under the CRA Regulation can be found at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold Notes and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal by the assigning rating agency.  
Arranger 
Citigroup 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BBVA 
BNP PARIBAS 
CaixaBank 
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
HSBC 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
Morgan Stanley 
MUFG 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UniCredit 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 15 December 2023.

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any 
applicable Final Terms (as defined below). The information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of the 
knowledge of each of the Issuer and the Guarantor, in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus contains no 
omission likely to affect the import of such information.  
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents that are deemed to be incorporated herein by 
reference in it (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). 
References herein to “Conditions” are to the Terms and Conditions of Notes issued by the Issuer prior to the Effective 
Date of Conversion or to the Terms and Conditions of Notes issued by the Issuer on or following the Effective Date of 
Conversion, as the case may be. See “—Conversion of Naturgy Finance B.V.” below and the section entitled “Conversion 
of Naturgy Finance B.V.” in this Base Prospectus. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accepts any responsibility for the contents of 
this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf 
in connection with the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger and each Dealer 
accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above), 
which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information provided in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes (i) is 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a recommendation or as 
constituting an invitation or offer by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. 
Each investor contemplating purchasing Notes should make its own independent investigation of the affairs, and its own 
appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes constitutes an offer by or on behalf of the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market and other factors that may affect the value of the 
Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be subject to suspension, change 
or withdrawal by the assigning rating agency at any time. 
The delivery of this Base Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained herein concerning the 
Issuer and/or the Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the 
same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor 
during the life of the Programme. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recent financial statements of the Issuer 
and the Guarantor when deciding whether or not to purchase any of the Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes come must inform themselves about, and observe, any 
such restrictions. The Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may 
be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Arranger or the Dealers that would permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this document in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, 
and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. In 
particular, the Notes and the obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee have not been and will not be 
registered under the United States Securities Act 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and include Notes in bearer form that are subject 
to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”)) unless the 
Notes are registered under the Securities Act, or an exemption from such registration requirements is available. There are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the European 
Economic Area (including the Republic of Italy, Spain and The Netherlands), the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Japan 
and Singapore, see “Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES, THE DEALER OR DEALERS (IF 
ANY) NAMED AS THE STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY 
STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR 
EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A 
LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION 
MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE 
DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE 
RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST 
END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT 
TRANCHE OF NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT 
TRANCHE OF NOTES. SUCH STABILISING SHALL BE IN COMPLIANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE 
LAWS, REGULATIONS AND RULES. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference, inter alia, to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”) or the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European 
Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) is included in the European Securities and Markets Authority’s 
(“ESMA”) register of administrators under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “BMR”). As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the Bank of England is not included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the 
BMR. As far as the Issuer and the Guarantor are aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that the Bank of England, as administrator of SONIA, is not currently required to obtain 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence.  
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “U.S. dollars” and 
“U.S.$” are to the currency of the United States of America, references to “Yen” are to the currency of Japan, references 
to “Brazilian Real” and “BRL” are to the currency of Brazil, references to “Chilean peso” and “CLP” are to the 
currency of Chile, references to “Colombian peso” are to the currency of Colombia and references to “Sterling” are to 
the currency of the United Kingdom. References to “euro” and to “€” are to the currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended. Conversions into euro of amounts expressed in currencies other than euro in this Base Prospectus are provided 
for convenience only and, unless indicated otherwise, represent an estimate of such euro amounts based on publicly 
available conversion rates as at 30 June 2023. No representation is made that these amounts could have been, or could 
be, converted into euro at that rate or any other rate. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, a reference to a law or a provision 
of a law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
NO ACTIVE TRADING MARKET 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is 
currently no active trading market (unless, in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with 
and form a single series with an outstanding Tranche of Notes). If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they 
may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar 
securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer and the Guarantor. Although applications 
have been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, there is no assurance that such applications will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so 
admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or 
liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”) or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person

--- Page 5 ---
v 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which may outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the (“MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for 
any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which may 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules.  
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF 
SINGAPORE (THE SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to 
be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
Certain alternative performance measures (as defined in the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures) 
(“Alternative Performance Measures” or “APMs”) are included in this Base Prospectus (which reference includes any 
information incorporated by reference herein). Such APMs, which are not required by, and have not been prepared in 
accordance with, International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (“IFRS-EU”), have been 
extracted or derived from the accounting records of the Group. 
The Guarantor believes these measures will assist securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the 
understanding of the Group’s results of operations and financial position. These APMs should be viewed as 
complementary to, rather than a substitute for, the figures determined according to IFRS-EU. Such APMs have not been 
audited or reviewed, and are not recognised measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS-EU but are used 
by management to monitor the underlying performance of the business, operations and financial condition of the Group. 
These APMs may not be indicative of the Group’s historical results, nor are such measures meant to be predictive of its 
future results. The Guarantor has presented these APMs in this Base Prospectus because it considers them to be important 
supplemental measures of the Group’s performance or liquidity, because these and similar measures are seen to be used 
widely in the sector in which it operates as a means of evaluating a company’s operating performance and liquidity. 
However, not all companies calculate such APMs in the same manner or on a consistent basis. As a result, these measures

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
may not be comparable to measures used by other companies under the same or similar names. and they should not be 
considered as a substitute for financial measures computed in accordance with IFRS-EU. 
Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on such APMs contained in this Base Prospectus. 
For the definitions and reconciliations of such APMs, see “Alternative performance metrics” in Appendix I to the 
consolidated annual directors’ report of the Guarantor for the year ended 31 December 2022 and Appendix I of the interim 
consolidated directors’ report of the Guarantor for the six-month period ended 30 June 2023 (the “Interim Consolidated 
Directors’ Report 2023”) which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for information on APMs 
contained in this Base Prospectus.  
CONVERSION OF NATURGY FINANCE B.V. 
On 30 November 2023, the board of directors of the Issuer agreed to effectuate a statutory cross-border conversion to be 
carried out pursuant to Directive (EU) 2019/2121 and the relevant implementing legislation in the Netherlands and Spain 
and whereby the Issuer, without being dissolved or wound up or going into liquidation, transfers its registered office from 
the Netherlands to Spain and converts its legal form from a Dutch limited company (B.V. or besloten vennootschap) to a 
Spanish limited company (S.A. or sociedad anónima).  
Consequently, the Terms and Conditions included in this Base Prospectus on pages 31 to 65 (Terms and Conditions of 
Notes issued by the Issuer prior to the Effective Date of Conversion) will apply to any Notes issued prior to the Effective 
Date of Conversion (as defined in the section entitled “Conversion of Naturgy Finance B.V.”) and the Terms and 
Conditions included in this Base Prospectus on pages 66 to 100 (Terms and Conditions of Notes issued by the Issuer on 
or following the Effective Date of Conversion) will apply to any Notes issued by the Issuer on or following the Effective 
Date of Conversion. See the section entitled “Conversion of Naturgy Finance B.V.” for more information.

--- Page 7 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
vii 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................. 1 
RISK FACTORS ......................................................................................................................................... 8 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................ 26 
CONVERSION OF NATURGY FINANCE B.V. .................................................................................... 30 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES ISSUED BY THE ISSUER PRIOR TO THE 
EFFECTIVE DATE OF CONVERSION ................................................................................... 31 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES ISSUED BY THE ISSUER ON OR FOLLOWING 
THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF CONVERSION ........................................................................... 66 
FORM OF THE NOTES ......................................................................................................................... 101 
FORM OF GUARANTEE ...................................................................................................................... 104 
USE OF PROCEEDS .............................................................................................................................. 110 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ..................................................................................................................... 111 
DESCRIPTION OF NATURGY FINANCE B.V. .................................................................................. 125 
DESCRIPTION OF NATURGY ENERGY GROUP, S.A. .................................................................... 127 
TAXATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH THE NOTES..... 140 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................ 149 
CERTAIN TERMS ................................................................................................................................. 154 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................. 155

--- Page 8 ---
1
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this document and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes”, “Terms and 
Conditions of Notes Issued by the Issuer prior to the Effective Date of Conversion”, “Terms and Conditions 
of Notes Issued by the Issuer on or following the Effective Date of Conversion” and “Conversion of Naturgy 
Finance B.V.”, as applicable, below shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Naturgy Finance B.V. (see the section entitled “Conversion of 
Naturgy Finance B.V.”) 
 
LEI: 
2138005FTXOJUBQ5J563 
 
Guarantor: 
Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. 
 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Arranger: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
 
Dealers: 
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
HSBC Continental Europe 
ING Bank N.V.  
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank GmbH  
and any other dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer 
either in respect of the Programme generally in or in relation to a 
particular Tranche (as defined below) of Notes only. 
 
Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
 
Amount: 
Up to euro 12,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding at any time. The Issuer and 
the Guarantor may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
 
Distribution: 
Subject to applicable selling restrictions, Notes may be distributed 
by way of private or public placement and in each case on a 
syndicated or non-syndicated basis.

--- Page 9 ---
2
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, such 
currencies as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
the relevant Dealer including but not limited to euro, U.S. dollars, 
Yen and Sterling. 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time. 
 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the relevant Dealer and as indicated in the applicable final 
terms for such issue of Notes (the “Final Terms”), subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, where 
Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue 
proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) 
the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment 
maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must: 
(i) have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to persons whose 
ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, 
manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other 
circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of section 
19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 by the Issuer. 
 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount 
to, or premium over, par. The issue price and the nominal amount 
of the relevant tranche of Notes will be determined before filing of 
the relevant Final Terms of each Tranche on the basis of the 
prevailing market conditions. 
 
Form of Notes: 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be represented by a temporary 
global note (“Temporary Global Note”) which will: 
(i) 
if the global Notes are intended to be issued in new global 
note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, 
be delivered on or prior to the relevant Issue Date to a 
common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); or 
(ii) 
if the global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN 
form, be delivered on or prior to the relevant Issue Date to a 
common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 10 ---
3
Interests in each Temporary Global Note will be exchanged either 
for interests in a permanent global Note (“Permanent Global 
Note”) or definitive Notes (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) in either case not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date 
upon certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership as required by 
U.S. Treasury Regulations. 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, in whole but not 
in part for definitive Notes in accordance with its terms. Any 
interest in a global Note will be transferable only in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and for any other agreed clearance 
system as appropriate. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) and on redemption. 
 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined 
separately for each Series as follows: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest-rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
relevant ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”), and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes of the relevant Series); or 
(ii) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service; or 
(iii) on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the relevant Dealer, 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Margin (if any) relating to such Floating Rate Notes will be 
agreed between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer 
for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate, or both (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms). 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as selected prior to the issue by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
relevant Dealer(s), will be payable on the first day of the next 
Interest Period or, in the case of the final Interest Payment Date, on 
the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms and will 
be calculated in accordance with the relevant Day Count Fraction 
or as otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest Periods for 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Such period(s) as the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer 
may agree (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms).

--- Page 11 ---
4
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest other than in the case of 
late payment.  
 
Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Note 
will be redeemed by the Issuer, failing which the Guarantor at its 
Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date (in the case of a 
Note other than a Floating Rate Note) or on the Specified Interest 
Payment Date falling in the Redemption Month (in the case of a 
Floating Rate Note). Such Final Redemption Amount in respect of 
any Note shall be its principal amount or such higher amount as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes will indicate 
either that such Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than in specified instalments (see below) or for 
taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such 
Notes will be redeemable prior to their stated maturity at the option 
of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders. 
The Final Terms may provide that such Notes may be redeemable 
in two or more instalments of such amounts and on such dates as 
are indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes which have a maturity of less than one year may be subject 
to restrictions on their denomination and distribution. See 
“Maturities” above. 
 
Denominations of Notes: 
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, save that: (i) the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required, from time to time, by the relevant regulatory authority 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency; and (ii) the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area in circumstances that require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will 
be euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the 
date of issue of the Notes).  
So long as the Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note 
or Permanent Global Note and the relevant clearing system(s) so 
permit, the Notes will be tradeable only (a) if the Specified 
Denomination stated in the relevant Final Terms is “euro 100,000 
(or its equivalent in another currency)”, in the authorised 
denomination of euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency) and integral multiples of euro 100,000 (or its equivalent 
in another currency) thereafter, or (b) if the Specified 
Denomination stated in the relevant Final Terms is “euro 100,000 
(or its equivalent in another currency) and integral multiples of 
euro 1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) in excess 
thereof”, in the minimum authorised denomination of euro 100,000 
(or its equivalent in another currency) and higher integral multiples

--- Page 12 ---
5
of euro 1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency), 
notwithstanding that no definitive Notes will be issued with a 
denomination above euro 199,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency). 
Taxation on Notes issued 
prior to the Effective Date 
of Conversion: 
Subject to certain exceptions, all payments in respect of Notes 
issued by the Issuer will be made without deduction for or on 
account of withholding taxes. See Condition 10 (Taxation) of the 
“Terms and Conditions of Notes Issued by the Issuer prior to the 
Effective Date of Conversion” and section entitled “Taxation and 
Disclosure of Information in Connection with the Notes”.  
 
Taxation on Notes issued 
on or following the 
Effective Date of 
Conversion: 
Subject to certain exceptions, all payments in respect of Notes 
issued by the Issuer will be made without deduction for or on 
account of withholding taxes. See Condition 10 (Taxation) of the 
“Terms and Conditions of Notes Issued by the Issuer on or 
following the Effective Date of Conversion”. 
 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the Negative Pledge referred to below) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and (subject to any applicable 
statutory exceptions) at least pari passu with all other present and 
future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
 
Status of the Guarantee: 
The Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
the Guarantor pursuant to a deed of guarantee (the “Deed of 
Guarantee”). 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee will 
constitute direct, unconditional unsubordinated and (subject to 
Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the 
Guarantor and (subject to any applicable statutory exceptions) will 
rank at least pari passu with all other present and future 
outstanding, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Guarantor. 
 
Cross-Default: 
The Notes will contain a cross-default in respect of Relevant 
Indebtedness (as defined in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor and certain of their subsidiaries. 
 
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge in respect of 
Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer, the Guarantor and certain of 
their subsidiaries. The negative pledge is subject to permitted 
security interests which include, but are not limited to, certain 
security interests created in respect of the project finance activities 
of the Group. For the details of the negative pledge provision, 
please refer to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge).

--- Page 13 ---
6
Rating: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where 
a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Such rating will not necessarily be the same 
as the rating assigned to Notes already issued. Whether or not a 
rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having 
been issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered under the CRA Regulation on credit rating 
agencies will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and 
may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for 
Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed 
on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
The Final Terms relating to each issue will state on which stock 
exchange(s) the Notes are to be listed. 
 
Governing Law: 
Save as otherwise set out in the paragraph below, the conditions of 
the Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
English law. 
In relation to Notes issued prior to the Effective Date of 
Conversion, Condition 3 (Status of the Deed of Guarantee) will be 
governed by Spanish law. 
In relation to Notes issued on or following the Effective Date of 
Conversion, Condition 2 (Status of the Notes) and Condition 3 
(Status of the Deed of Guarantee) will be governed by Spanish law. 
In addition, the Notes will be issued in accordance with the 
formalities prescribed by Spanish law. 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are local and worldwide selling restrictions in relation to the 
laws of the United States, the European Economic Area (including 
the Republic of Italy, Spain and The Netherlands), the United 
Kingdom, Switzerland, Japan and Singapore and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and 
sale of a particular Tranche of Notes. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
 
 
The Notes are Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act.

--- Page 14 ---
7
 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the 
Code) (“TEFRA D”) unless the Notes are issued other than in 
compliance with TEFRA D but in circumstances in which the 
Notes will not constitute “registration—required obligations” 
under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act 
of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be referred to in 
the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
 
Redenomination: 
Certain Notes may be redenominated in euro. See Condition 7 
(Payments).

--- Page 15 ---
8
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information set forth in this Base Prospectus, the 
applicable Final Terms and any documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, as well as 
their own personal circumstances, before deciding to invest in any Notes. Prospective investors should 
have particular regard to, among other matters, the considerations set out in this section of this Base 
Prospectus.  
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that each of the following factors may affect its ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which 
may or may not occur and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is in a position to express a view on the 
likelihood of any such contingency occurring. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Those risk factors that each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believe are the most material as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus have been presented first in each category. The order of presentation of the categories 
themselves or the remaining risk factors in each category is not intended to be an indication of the 
probability of their occurrence or of their potential effect on the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil 
their obligations under the Notes. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks 
inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme as at the date of this Base Prospectus, but the 
inability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with 
any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer and the 
Guarantor based on information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to 
anticipate. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus, including the descriptions of the Issuer and the Guarantor, as well as the documents 
incorporated by reference, and reach their own views prior to making any investment decisions. 
Before making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, prospective investors should consult their 
own stockbroker, bank manager, lawyer, accountant or other financial, legal and tax advisers and carefully 
review the risks entailed by an investment in the Notes and consider such an investment decision in the light 
of the prospective investor’s personal circumstances. 
(I) 
RISK FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S AND THE GUARANTOR’S ABILITY 
TO FULFIL THEIR OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES 
1. 
LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS  
Risks relating to the Group’s regulatory environment  
The Group operates in a highly regulated environment that impacts both regulated and liberalised activities 
and, as a result, the Guarantor and its subsidiaries are required to comply with a wide variety of legal rules 
and regulations applying to the natural gas and electricity sectors. In particular, gas and electricity 
distribution are regulated businesses in most of the countries in which the Group carries out these activities. 
In addition, the Group is subject to laws and regulations concerning prices, environmental requirements 
and other aspects of its activities in each of the countries in which it operates. An overview of such laws 
and regulations is available at Note 2 of Appendix IV (Regulatory Framework) of the Guarantor’s 
consolidated annual accounts for the year ended 31 December 2022, which are incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus.  
Although such overview, as complimented by the information set out below, contains all the information 
that the Group considers material as at the date of this Base Prospectus and in the context of the issue of 
the Notes, it does not constitute an exhaustive description of all applicable laws and regulations affecting 
the Group. Prospective investors and their advisers should make their own analysis of the legislation and 
regulations applicable to the Group and of the impact they may have on the Group and any investment in 
the Notes and should not rely on such overview only.  
The laws and regulations governing the natural gas and electricity sectors in the countries where the Group 
operates are typically subject to periodic review by the regulatory authorities. Following such reviews, or 
as a result of the approval of new laws and regulations, the regulatory frameworks prevailing in those 
jurisdictions, along with the interpretation of the applicable rules, may be modified, and such modifications 
may be significant in certain instances. Additionally, the regulatory authorities periodically update the

--- Page 16 ---
9
tariffs and remunerations of the regulated activities, which may result in adverse variations in the income 
or remuneration of the Group. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, such tariff reviews are ongoing in 
Brazil for gas distribution activities, and tariff reviews for natural gas distribution are foreseen in Argentina 
for 2023 and 2024 and a new law is currently being processed in Chile, which could result in a reduction 
of tariffs for Metrogas, S.A. (“Metrogas”). 
In particular, during the year 2020 the Spanish National Commission on Markets and Competition 
(Comisión Nacional de los Mercados y la Competencia) (the “CNMC”) continued the work started in 2019 
of establishing framework methodologies for the calculation of the remuneration of the electricity 
transmission and distribution activities for the period 2020 to 2025. However, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, final annual remuneration of distribution activities for the years 2020 through 2023 and 
transmission activities for the years 2021 through 2023, in line with the framework methodologies for these 
activities, are still pending approval by the CNMC and, as a result, provisional remunerations are currently 
being applied. 
During 2020, the CNMC approved the methodology for the calculation of the tolls payable for the use of 
the electricity transmission and distribution networks for 2020 through 2025. These tolls are calculated 
according to this new methodology, are set on an annual basis by the CNMC and have applied since 1 June 
2021.  
Regarding gas distribution, during the years 2019 and 2020 the CNMC approved the remuneration 
methodology for transmission and distribution activities for the period 2021 through 2026 maintaining the 
activity-based remuneration from the previous period, with a remuneration reduction estimated at 16.8% 
(compared to 2020) as sector average for the last year of the six-year period to be applied progressively. In 
accordance with this remuneration methodology, the CNMC’s resolution of 19 May 2022, which was 
published in the Official State Gazette on 25 May 2022, established the remuneration for regulated gas 
transportation and distribution activities for the gas year 2023, which commenced on 1 October 2022 and 
ended on 30 September 2023. The remuneration for regulated gas transportation and distribution activities 
for the gas year 2024, which commenced on 1 October 2023 and will end on 30 September 2024, has been 
approved by the CNMC’s resolution of 30 May 2023, published in the Official State Gazette on 2 June 
2023. 
As was the case for the electricity sector, the CNMC also approved in 2020 the methodology for the 
calculation of the tolls to be paid for the use of the gas transportation, regasification and distribution 
networks. These tolls are calculated according to this new methodology and are set annually by the CNMC. 
These tolls have applied for regasification networks since 1 October 2020, and since 1 October 2021 for 
transportation and distribution networks.  
Detailed information on the remuneration for electricity and gas transmission and distribution activities can 
be found on the CNMC website (www.cnmc.es). 
Following the decision of the Spanish parliament to hold early elections in July 2023, a draft bill on the 
creation of a national fund for the sustainability of the electricity system and a draft bill on the remuneration 
of CO2 not emitted in the electricity market have expired and are no longer before the Spanish parliament 
(unless new bills are submitted).  
Since 2021, several laws relating to the energy sector have been approved. On 14 September 2021, the 
Spanish government approved Royal Decree Law 17/2021 (Real Decreto-ley 17/2021) establishing 
temporary measures to mitigate the impact on consumers of high electricity and gas prices. These measures 
have been mainly extended by subsequent Royal Decree Laws until 31 December 2023. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, it is currently expected that these measures could be further extended until the end of 
2024 based on declarations made by certain members of the government. These measures affect various 
areas in which the Group operates, such as generation or gas and electricity commercialisation, and include, 
among other measures: 
 
the establishment by Royal Decree Law 23/2021 of a temporary reduction of the extra 
remuneration received by non-emitting infra-marginal power generation plants for the price of gas 
internalised in the wholesale electricity market, excluding energy volumes sold at a fixed price 
under long-term supply contracts. Pursuant to Royal Decree Law 6/2022, of 31 March 2022, such 
excluded energy is limited to volumes sold below a fixed price of €67 per MWh. For vertically 
integrated undertakings, such as the Group, the relevant price for applying the clawback is the one 
that any supply company of the Group charges to end consumers;

--- Page 17 ---
10
 
the establishment of long-term auctions for the allocation of manageable and non-emitting infra-
marginal energy produced by the four Spanish “dominant operators” (one of which is the Group). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, these long-term auctions have not taken place yet. The 
potential impact of an eventual long-term auction will depend on the difference between the price 
of the auction and the reposition cost; 
 
the extension by Royal Decree Law 3/2023 of the production cost adjustment mechanism until 31 
December 2023 to reduce the price of electricity in the wholesale market regulated in Royal Decree 
Law 10/2022. The extension of this mechanism, also known as the “Iberian mechanism”, was 
approved by the European Commission on 25 April 2023. However, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, this adjustment has not been applied since 27 February 2023 as a result of gas prices 
having been below the applicable threshold; and 
 
the introduction by Royal Decree Law 18/2022 of a limitation on the increase of the cost of gas to 
be included in the gas regulated tariff during quarterly reviews as well as the creation of a new 
regulated tariff for centralised boilers. Any deficit derived from this measure is recoverable by the 
regulated gas supplier periodically and covered by the general state budget.  
 
regarding the new financing mechanism of the electricity social bonus introduced by Royal Decree 
Law 6/2022, regulatory modifications have been adopted for the recognition of the cost of the 
social bonus in the remuneration of electricity activities subject to regulated remuneration, except 
for transmission and distribution activities which, as at the date of this Base Prospectus are 
expected to be included by CNMC in the remuneration for 2024. 
Furthermore, a number of regulations relating to energy and climate have been published during 2023 as 
part of the European Union’s “Fit for 55” package, which includes legislation on increasing policy ambition 
to reduce CO2 emissions and the promotion of renewable energies and energy efficiency with the aim of 
reaching the new emissions reduction target of 55% in 2030 (compared to 1990).  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the rest of the “Fit for 55” package continues to be negotiated between 
the EU institutions and includes, among other legislation, the review of the Energy Efficiency in Buildings 
Directive, the Regulation and the Directive on the internal gas market and a new regulation on methane 
emissions, which are expected to be approved by the end of March 2024. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Commission’s proposal to reform the electricity 
market, which was presented on 14 March 2023, is currently being negotiated with the European Council 
and the European Parliament. Subject to approval, the reform contemplates, among other things, promoting 
long-term renewable energy and new generation investments contracts, elimination of the simplification 
and temporary nature of the approval procedure of capacity mechanisms, greater flexibility of the system 
using demand response and storage, with member states which adopt such measures using them in the event 
of a crisis to provide greater protection of end consumers. The final text is expected to be approved by the 
end of March 2024. 
Finally, as a continuation of the measures adopted in 2022 in response to the conflict in Ukraine, on 31 
March 2023, Council Regulation (EU) 2023/706 of 30 March 2023 was published in the Official Journal 
of the European Union modifying Regulation (EU) 2022/1369, with the objective of extending the 
voluntary reduction in gas consumption of 15% for the period between 1 April 2023 and 31 March 2024. 
The same exemptions defined in Regulation (EU) 2022/1369 still apply. 
The Group is unable to predict future changes to any of the laws or regulations applicable to its businesses 
or their interpretation. The introduction of any such changes or new regulatory requirements may adversely 
impact the remuneration received by the Group for its regulated activities, as well its operating, capital and 
raw material costs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations.  
Risks related to increasing levels of taxes in certain jurisdictions where the Group operates 
In the context of the current uncertain macroeconomic environment, and as a response to rising consumer 
prices, certain governments have introduced certain measures, including temporary taxes (“windfall taxes”) 
on companies and/or financial institutions that are deemed to have made unreasonably high profits due to 
unusually favourable market factors (such as global commodity prices or a higher interest rate 
environment).

--- Page 18 ---
11
On 14 September 2021, the Spanish government passed Royal Decree Law 17/2021 which introduced, 
among other things, measures aimed at mitigating the impact of high electricity market prices on 
consumers, such as a temporary windfall profit reduction mechanism on remuneration from electricity 
production activity, currently in force until 31 December 2023. See “—Risks relating to the Group’s 
regulatory environment”. 
On 28 December 2022, Law 38/2022, of 27 December was published in the Official Journal, which creates 
a temporary energy tax of 1.2% of the net amount of the turnover for the years 2022 and 2023 (to be paid 
in 2023 and 2024) of the main operators of regulated activities in the energy sector, including the Group. 
However, certain members of the Spanish government have proposed to extend its application beyond this 
initial two-year period. 
Any of the above measures could materially and adversely impact the Group’s profits and, as a result, have 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks relating to concessions, licences and other administrative authorisations 
Given the highly regulated nature of some of the gas and electricity sectors in which the Group operates, 
some of its activities are subject to obtaining relevant concessions, licences or other administrative 
authorisations, which can be time-consuming and costly. Furthermore, some of the Group’s renewable 
activities are also subject to obtaining the relevant concessions, licences or other administrative 
authorisations, which can be time-consuming and costly. Operating without the necessary concessions, 
licences or authorisations can result in a sanction. 
The return on, and performance of, the Group’s investments are therefore conditional on obtaining and 
maintaining the relevant administrative concessions and authorisations in the medium and long term, which, 
in many cases, is outside of the Group’s control. Any new political, social or economic conditions in these 
jurisdictions could affect the validity of the Group’s concessions, licences or other administrative 
authorisations, as well as have unforeseeable consequences for the Group’s business plan and materially 
adversely affect the revenue from the Group’s activities and return on investment in such jurisdictions.  
In addition, it should be noted that many of the Group’s concessions are subject to the satisfaction of certain 
commitments which, if not met, can lead to sanctions, reductions in revenue, revocation of the concessions 
and enforcement of any guarantees or surety bonds, which could materially and adversely impact the return 
on the Group’s investments and, as a result, have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks relating to environmental laws and regulations  
The Group is subject to extensive environmental protection laws and regulations that require the preparation 
of environmental impact studies, the maintenance of relevant authorisations, licences and permits and the 
fulfilment of certain other requirements. Any such environmental authorisations and licences may not be 
granted or may be revoked as a result of a breach of the conditions imposed by such authorisations or 
otherwise.  
In addition, the Group is subject to changes in the legal and regulatory framework related to environmental 
and climate change concerns in the countries in which it operates. Given the continued and increased 
attention to climate change and the global drive towards low-carbon economies and energy sources, the 
Group’s business could be impacted by the implementation of new legal and regulatory measures (including 
taxes) aimed at mitigating the effects of climate change, resulting in increased compliance costs and 
operational restrictions for the Group. In addition, there can be no assurance that the Group will be able to 
adapt its business model and strategy successfully to any such changes to the legal and regulatory 
framework applicable to it. 
Any of the above could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Risks relating to litigation and arbitration  
The sectors in which the Group operates have grown more litigious in recent years, as a result of the 
volatility of fuel and natural gas prices and greater competition in the liberalised market, among other 
factors. The Guarantor and certain of its subsidiaries are currently involved in a number of judicial, 
arbitration and regulatory proceedings and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, it is foreseeable that those

--- Page 19 ---
12
will substantially increase in the coming months due to the high volatility of energy commodities and its 
price differentials. While the Group will try to settle proceedings by reaching agreements (as it has achieved 
in the past), if litigation proceedings are commenced and continued, their retroactive effects could reach 
relevant economic amounts once the awards are issued several years after their initiation. Given the nature 
of the Group’s business and the sectors in which it operates, the amounts involved in such proceedings can 
be significant. See “Description of Naturgy Energy Group, S.A.—Litigation and Arbitration” for a 
description of the Group’s main judicial, arbitration and regulatory proceedings as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  
An adverse outcome in one or more of those proceedings (including out-of-court settlements), or any future 
proceedings, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
2. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE GROUP’S BUSINESS ACTIVITIES AND INDUSTRIES 
The Group is exposed to price variations in crude oil, natural gas and electricity 
A significant portion of the Group’s operating expenses relate to the purchase of natural gas and liquefied 
natural gas (“LNG”) for commercialisation in the regulated and deregulated markets in which it operates 
and for fuelling its combined cycle gas turbine (“CCGT”) plants for electricity generation. Although the 
prices that the Group charges its gas customers generally reflect the market price of natural gas, in changing 
market conditions the adjustments it makes to its sale prices may not fully reflect the changes in the cost of 
natural gas supplies. In addition to increasing costs in the Group’s natural gas business, higher gas prices 
can also inflate its electricity generation costs, as natural gas is used to fuel its CCGT plants. Lower short-
term gas prices may also harm the competitiveness of the Group’s gas procurement portfolio for supplying 
its customers and limit the competitiveness of its CCGT power production since lower spot gas prices can 
imply lower procurement costs for competing gas suppliers and also lower power wholesale prices, putting 
pressure on companies with long-term purchase commitments. 
The prices for such commodities have historically fluctuated and the Group cannot be certain that prices 
will remain within projected levels. Despite the fact that the annual average price of a barrel of Brent crude 
oil was stable in preceding years, at U.S.$111.3 in 2011, U.S.$111.6 in 2012, U.S.$108.7 in 2013 and 
U.S.$99.1 in 2014, prices are now highly volatile, amounting to an average of U.S.$52.5 in 2015, U.S.$43.7 
in 2016, U.S.$54.3 in 2017, U.S.$67.7 in 2018, U.S.$64.2 in 2019, U.S.$41.69 in 2020, U.S.$70.86 in 2021 
and U.S.$101.19 in 2022 (source: Platts Brent Dated). The average price of a barrel of Brent crude oil 
amounted to U.S.$83.01 in the period from January through October 2023 , while the average forward price 
for a barrel of crude oil for 2023 amounted to U.S.$81.9 as at 7 November 2023 (source: Platts Brent 
Dated).  
Crude oil and natural gas prices are highly influenced by geopolitical factors, including but not limited to, 
demand in China, India and Japan, oversupply and overdemand of crude oil and raw materials, the initial 
general collapse and current surge in the commodity markets due to the slowdown of global economic 
activity and subsequent recovery as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the strong U.S. dollar, the Russia-
Ukraine conflict related sanctions, the military conflict in Israel and Gaza as well as general market 
volatility. 
Additionally, new procurement contracts from the U.S. (Sabine Pass and Corpus Christi) are exposed to 
the Henry Hub index, which is also highly volatile, with the annual average price of one million British 
Thermal Units (BTU) of natural gas amounting to U.S.$2.46 in 2016, U.S.$3.10 in 2017, U.S.$2.86 in 2018, 
U.S.$2.56 in 2019, U.S.$2.08 in 2020, U.S.$3.85 in 2021 and U.S.$6.64 in 2022 (source: NYMEX New 
York Mercantile Exchange). The average price of one million British Thermal Units (BTU) for the months 
of January through September 2023 and January through October 2023 amounted to U.S.$2.69 and 
U.S.$2.70, respectively (source: NYMEX New York Mercantile Exchange). Finally, increasingly liquid final 
destination markets may not sufficiently reflect existing long-term gas procurement contract prices. 
The price of electricity in Spain is also highly volatile due to the market share of renewable technologies 
and their dependence on climate conditions and also because of the volatility of thermal energy technologies 
that define the price of electricity in Spain since it is the marginal technology required to cover electricity 
demand. The average price per MWh of electricity fell from €47.25 in 2012 to €44.19 in 2013 and to €41.97 
in 2014, rising to €52.02 in 2015, falling significantly to €39.67 in 2016, rising again to €52.24 in 2017 and 
to €57.29 in 2018, falling to €47.68 in 2019, falling further to €33.97 in 2020, rising significantly to €111.61 
in 2021 and €167.72 in 2022, and falling to €90.96 for the months of January through October 2023 (source: 
OMIE), and which, as at the date of the Base Prospectus is expected to increase again in 2024 as reflected

--- Page 20 ---
13
by the forward curves of pool prices mainly due to the decrease in market gas prices, with the weather and 
the variability in dispatch of renewable energy (hydro, wind and solar) as other causes. 
The Group’s business activities include wholesale natural gas sales to electricity producers and others. With 
respect to such transactions, its results of operations are likely to depend largely upon prevailing market 
prices in regional markets and other competitive markets. These market prices may not correlate with long-
term gas procurement contracts. As a result, the Group’s natural gas wholesale business is exposed to risks 
of fluctuating commodity prices and movements in the price of electricity.  
There can be no assurance that the Group will be able to fully pass on its costs to its gas and electricity 
customers or to negotiate a decrease in wholesale prices with its suppliers, or otherwise offset such 
variations through hedging arrangements and other risk management techniques. 
Additionally, long-term gas purchase contracts typically provide for regular price revision mechanisms: the 
parties have the right to request a review of the gas purchase price in certain circumstances, and in the event 
the parties are unable to reach an agreement, such contracts provide for an independent system or formula 
for setting the price. The Group is periodically subject to such procedures, which may potentially result in 
the unfavourable pricing of gas or delayed or lack of pass-through of market conditions to the gas suppliers. 
Long-term gas purchase contracts also typically require the purchase of a certain amount of natural gas and 
LNG during specified contract periods, usually on a yearly basis. The Group is contractually bound to 
purchase such minimum volumes even if it does not take the gas (sometimes known as “take-or-pay” 
clauses). Some agreements provide for a recovery of the amount paid to purchase such minimum gas 
volumes (sometimes known as “make-up” clauses) in certain circumstances. However, the Group may be 
subject to such “take-or-pay” clauses without the possibility to recover the gas volumes or amounts it pays. 
Any such variations in commodity prices could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Impact of weather and climate conditions 
The demand for electricity and natural gas, as well as electricity and gas prices, are closely related to 
climate. Generally, natural gas demand is higher during the cold weather months of October through March 
in Europe and Mexico (or April through September in Argentina and Chile and, to a lesser extent, Brazil) 
and lower during the warm weather months of April through September in Europe and Mexico (or October 
through March in Argentina and Chile and, to a lesser extent, Brazil). A significant portion of demand for 
natural gas in the winter months relates to the production of electricity and heat and, in the summer months, 
to the production of electricity for air-conditioning systems. The revenues and results of operations of the 
Group’s natural gas operations could be negatively affected by periods of unseasonable warm weather 
during the autumn and winter months, due to decreases in factors such as price and volume. Likewise, 
electricity demand may decrease during mild summers as a result of reduced demand for air-conditioning, 
negatively impacting revenues generated from the Group’s electricity generation and distribution 
businesses and its commercialisation of natural gas. 
The Group’s operations involve hydroelectric and wind generation in Spain and Latin America, and, 
accordingly, the Group is dependent upon hydrological conditions prevailing from time to time in the 
geographic regions in which its hydroelectric and wind generation facilities are located. If hydrological and 
wind conditions result in droughts or other conditions that negatively affect the Group’s hydroelectric and 
wind generation business, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Moreover, the Group may be impacted by the physical and environmental effects of climate change, which 
are difficult to predict. Possible outcomes include less stable or predictable weather patterns, which could 
result in more frequent or severe storms and other weather conditions (such as flooding, drought and 
hurricanes) that could increase the Group’s operating costs and interfere with its business operations, 
particularly when located in areas that typically experience more severe weather conditions, such as atypical 
wind/cyclonic storms in Spain; hurricanes, earthquakes and tsunamis in Puerto Rico; hurricanes, 
earthquakes, tsunamis and floodings in Mexico; earthquakes in Chile and earthquakes and floodings in 
Panama and Costa Rica. In addition, significant climatic changes, including a gradual, steady increase in 
global temperatures, could affect consumer behaviour and global or regional demand for energy products 
such as natural gas. There can be no assurance that the Group will be able to adapt its business model and 
strategy successfully to the evolving physical and environmental effects of climate change. Any failure to 
do so could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and 
results of operations.

--- Page 21 ---
14
Environmental and climate related risks  
The Group is subject to risks associated with key environmental issues such as climate change, water and 
biodiversity. These risks include changes to energy policies, laws and regulations aimed at mitigating 
climate change, which includes driving renewable energies and the promotion of energy efficiency. Any 
such changes could result in increased compliance costs and operational restrictions for the Group. See “—
Legal and Regulatory Risks—Risks relating to environmental laws and regulations”. 
The Group is also exposed to the physical and environmental effects of climate change, which could 
negatively affect the operation of the Group’s power generation and electricity distribution assets as well 
as resulting in a change to consumer behaviour and reduced demand for the Group’s products. See “—
Impact of weather and climate conditions”. 
The growing public concern with regards to climate change or environmental protection more generally 
could also have an adverse impact on the Group’s ability to carry out new investment projects or otherwise 
harm its reputation. For example, concerns about fugitive emissions of methane in natural gas extraction 
processes could result in natural gas being seen as equally harmful as more carbon-intensive fossil fuels. 
In addition, if the Group fails to keep pace with technological improvements or innovations that support 
the transition to a lower carbon, energy efficient economic system, this could have an adverse effect on its 
business and prospects. 
While the Group analyses these and other risks associated with climate change and the wider environment 
and establishes goals to mitigate their impact on the Group, there can be no assurance that the Group will 
be able to mitigate such risks effectively or at all. As a result, any of the above could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Gas volume risks 
Most purchases of natural gas and LNG are made pursuant to long-term contracts with clauses (sometimes 
known as “take-or-pay” clauses) that require the Group to purchase a certain amount of natural gas and 
LNG during specified contract periods. Pursuant to these contracts, even if the Group requires less than the 
minimum contracted amount, it is still contractually bound to pay for the minimum contracted amount, 
thereby paying for an amount of gas or LNG that is greater than its operational needs or to pay a fixed price 
amount for such gas irrespective of whether it takes the gas or not. When the Group enters into contracts 
with “take-or-pay” provisions, it negotiates the contracted amount based on forecasts of its anticipated 
future needs and the competitiveness of such gas. Such forecasts are based on previous experience and the 
information then available to the Group, but actual volume requirements may prove to be lower than those 
projected at the time the contracts are entered into. Any significant variation in the forecasted levels of 
demand or price competitiveness could result in the Group being required to pay for quantities of natural 
gas that exceed its actual needs, regardless of whether it elects to take delivery of the excess quantities of 
gas, which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operational costs and, as a result, 
its business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
There may exist other volume risks, such as unexpected demand contractions due to mild weather or sudden 
unexpected demand rise such as the surge in consumption experienced as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
due to, among other things, the supply-demand shock resulting from the rapid economic recovery following 
the COVID-19 pandemic in 2021. A further risk may derive from the fact that certain industrial customers 
may not be able to maintain their activity level at the current level of energy prices, which could therefore 
reduce their demand. 
In addition, many integrated oil and gas companies have been reluctant to finance new projects, as their 
broader goal is the transition to renewables, which in turn may adversely affect gas storage levels in Europe. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, gas indexes decreased in 2023 due to very high gas storage levels in 
the European Union, an unusually low gas demand in Europe during the winter, due to mild weather, an 
increased supply as well as contained demand for gas. A variety of flexibility levers are being applied in 
response to the high gas storage levels, such as coal-fired power generation, gas demand reduction, floating 
LNG storage and regasification units as well as alternative gas supply options. However, the situation 
remains precarious and any adverse weather conditions (such as cold snaps); operational issues (such as 
gas supply shortages); or geopolitical shocks could lead to high volatility and very high gas prices.

--- Page 22 ---
15
Furthermore, despite the stability of gas prices as at the date of this Base Prospectus, increased volatility in 
the TTF Natural Gas Price Index in recent months reflects an increased uncertainty and a higher probability 
of prices of gas increasing. In addition, the heightened geopolitical tensions following Russia’s invasion of 
Ukraine as well as the ongoing military conflict in Israel and Gaza could further disrupt regional and global 
gas markets and affect the European gas supply. Moreover, any further escalation of the conflict could 
threaten oil transportation routes and disrupt the flow of oil and gas globally, which, in turn, could lead to 
higher gas prices. 
Any shortage experienced by the Group’s gas suppliers or high gas prices may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s operating costs and, consequently, on its business, prospects, financial condition and 
results. 
Development of the Group’s electricity activities  
The success of the Group’s electricity sector operations could be adversely affected by factors beyond the 
control of the Group, including the following:  
 
increases in the cost of generation, including increases in fuel costs and CO2 prices;  
 
reduced competitiveness of the Group’s gas procurement to be used in the Group’s power 
generation facilities; 
 
the possibility of a reduction in the projected rate of growth in electricity usage as a result of factors 
such as economic or weather conditions;  
 
the implementation of energy conservation schemes;  
 
risks incidental to the operation and maintenance of electricity generation facilities;  
 
the increasing price volatility that has resulted from deregulation and changes in the market as 
well as the recent commodity price environment, due to the supply-demand shock resulting from 
the rapid post-COVID-19 economic recovery, the escalating geopolitical tensions due to Russia’s 
invasion of Ukraine and the ongoing military conflict in Israel and Gaza; 
 
surplus electricity generation capacity in the markets served by the electricity plants the Group 
owns or in which it has an interest;  
 
generation-commercialisation imbalances that may result in the exposure of the Group to 
electricity price volatility; 
 
the imposition of new requirements by regulatory authorities resulting from the current increases 
in the price of power in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates; and  
 
alternative sources and supplies of energy becoming available due to new technologies and 
increasing interest in renewable energy and cogeneration. 
 
Should any of these risks materialise, they could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.  
Level of competitiveness in supply activities in the gas and electricity market  
The Group operates in a highly competitive environment in the gas and electricity markets in the different 
countries in which it carries on its business. In particular, the liberalisation processes that have taken place 
in energy markets both in Spain and in other key markets have had a negative impact on energy prices and 
margins as they are influenced by international energy prices and tend to be more volatile. This can generate 
inefficiencies in the pass-through of the volatility of the energy scenario to customers.  
There is also a negative impact on the market share of retail supply, especially in the gas business. The 
Group may continue to lose market share due to the entry of new suppliers into the market or existing 
suppliers. Its portfolio of long-term gas supply contracts may become less competitive if the relevant price 
indices of such portfolio and those of the final markets differ. A further decline in market share could have 
a significant adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 23 ---
16
In the electricity industry, liberalisation has led to increased competition as a result of consolidation and 
the entry of new market participants in the European Union electricity markets, including the Spanish 
electricity market. The liberalisation of the electricity industry in the European Union has also led to lower 
electricity prices in some market segments as a result of the entry of new competitors and cross-border 
energy suppliers as well as the establishment of European electricity exchanges, which in turn has led to 
increased liquidity in the electricity markets. This liberalisation of the electricity market means that many 
areas of the Group’s business must develop in a more competitive environment.  
If the Group were unable to adapt to or adequately manage this competitive market its business, prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
3. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE GROUP’S OPERATIONS 
Operating risks 
The Group’s operations are subject to certain inherent risks, including fraud events, cyber-criminal attacks, 
pipeline ruptures, breakdowns affecting its electricity generation assets and LNG tankers, explosions, 
pollution, release of toxic substances, fires, adverse weather conditions or catastrophic natural events (such 
as earthquakes, hurricanes and floods that have affected the islands of Puerto Rico in the past decades), 
failure by gas and fuel suppliers or other third parties to fulfil contractual obligations, sabotage, accidental 
damage to its gas and electricity distribution networks or electricity generation assets and other hazards and 
force majeure events, any of which could result in personal injury and/or damage to, or the destruction of, 
the Group’s facilities and other properties or an interruption in gas supply and/or electricity generation.  
Moreover, Naturgy’s construction projects are subject to certain intrinsic risks, such as accidental damage, 
supplier stock ruptures, cargo delays or cancellations, supplier design errors, fires, adverse weather 
conditions, release of toxic substances, explosions, failure by suppliers or other third parties to fulfil 
contractual obligations and other hazards and force majeure events, any of which could result in personal 
injury and/or damage to, or the destruction of, the Group’s facilities and other properties affecting the 
construction planning and delaying the start of operations of new generation assets.   
Additionally, the Group may be subject to civil, administrative and criminal liability claims for personal 
injury and/or other damages caused in the ordinary course of its activities, such as loss of information of 
third parties due to cyber-criminal attack, failures in its distribution network, gas explosions, wildfires, 
pollution or toxic spills or incidents with its generating plants. Such claims could result in the payment of 
compensation under the laws of certain countries where the Group operates, which could, to the extent the 
Group’s civil liability insurance policies do not cover such damages, have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.  
Furthermore, if operations at compression stations on the Europe-Maghreb pipeline were to be interrupted, 
suppliers may notify the Group of a reduction in supply levels or seek to enforce force majeure provisions 
with a view to terminating the corresponding supply agreements. The Group is not generally able to predict 
the occurrence of these or similar events and they may cause unanticipated interruptions in its gas supply 
and electricity generation activities. While the Group seeks to obtain insurance cover for risks such as 
damage to property and loss of profit, its financial condition and results of operations may be adversely 
affected to the extent any losses are uninsured, exceed the applicable limitations under its insurance policies, 
are subject to the payment of excesses or to the extent the premiums payable in respect of such policies are 
increased as a result of insurance claims.  
The Group enters into long-term gas supply contracts and, consequently, its gas supply is subject to the risk 
of non-fulfilment by its contractual counterparties. In the event that insufficient gas is supplied to the Group 
due to the failure of a counterparty to deliver contracted amounts of gas or for any other reason, the Group 
could be required to seek alternative sources of gas in order to ensure continued supply. This may require 
purchases on the “spot” market (a non-organised market aimed at short-term commercialisation in gas, 
primarily LNG), to acquire the gas required. Such “spot” purchases may only be available on more 
expensive terms than under the current supply contracts to which the Group is party, and this cost may not 
be recoverable under such contracts. The Group cannot provide any assurance that, in such circumstances, 
it would be able to acquire the gas needed to guarantee supply on reasonable terms, or at all, and any failure 
to do so could have a negative effect on its business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.  
If any of these operating risks were to materialise, they could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 24 ---
17
Construction and development of new infrastructure 
The construction and development of natural gas supply and distribution infrastructure and the exploration, 
production and sale of LNG, as well as electricity generation and distribution projects, can be time-
consuming and highly complex. Any increase in the costs of, cancellation of and/or delay in the completion 
of, the Group’s projects under development and projects proposed for development could have a material 
adverse effect on its business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. In particular, if the 
Group were unable to complete projects under development, it would not be able to recover the costs 
incurred and its profitability, and, as a result, its business, prospects, financial condition and results of 
operations, could be materially adversely affected. 
Risks related to cybersecurity 
Naturgy aims to evolve and adapt to new trends and technologies, such as cloud migration and artificial 
intelligence. As a result, the Group may be affected by threats to the availability, confidentiality, integrity 
and privacy of both information assets and technologies which support its business processes, as well as 
the risk of non-compliance with regulations related to cybersecurity. 
Examples of these threats include unauthorised access to, as well as the use, disclosure, degradation, 
interruption, modification or destruction of information, including as a consequence of acts of terrorism, 
malicious and ransomware attacks, denial-of-service attacks, sabotage and account takeovers, phishing 
attacks and other intentional acts. Such attacks and unauthorised access to the Group’s IT systems may also 
affect essential services operations and compromise business data and customer information resulting in 
fines and penalties as a consequence of the violation of data protection regulations and other legal 
requirements. Such threats could also damage the reputation of the Group. 
Any of the above could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial 
condition or results of operations. 
4. 
RISKS RELATING TO MACRO-ECONOMIC CONDITIONS AND COUNTRY RISKS 
The uncertain macroeconomic climate 
The Group is directly and indirectly subject to inherent risks arising from general economic conditions in 
Spain, the other countries in which it operates and the global economy more generally. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the global growth outlook remains marked by extreme uncertainty. 
Current risk factors mainly result from the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the heightened 
geopolitical tensions following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine or the ongoing military conflict in Israel and 
Gaza, which have exacerbated inflationary pressures, slowed overall economic growth, created supply 
chain bottlenecks and increased volatility in commodity and financial markets. 
Following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine that started on 24 February 2022, economies around the world, 
including the United States, the European Union and the United Kingdom, announced the imposition of 
comprehensive trade sanctions targeting Russian individuals, companies and institutions. Such sanctions, 
as well as the countersanctions imposed by Russia, have resulted in a significant reduction in trading 
volumes between these economies and Russia, which has led to increased commodity prices on global 
markets for oil, natural gas and grain, among other products.  
As part of its diversified portfolio, the Group has a long-term procurement gas contract of Russian origin 
in place as at the date of this Base Prospectus, which was signed in 2013 with an international consortium. 
For the six-month periods ended 30 June 2023 and 2022, such contract accounted for 14% of Naturgy’s gas 
procurement, respectively. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, this contract is not affected by any type 
of sanction. However, there can be no guarantee that the Group will be able to maintain this contract in the 
event that there are further trade sanctions imposed by the European Union or other economies, and if such 
contract was terminated, the Group’s gas supply would be adversely affected.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, gas indexes decreased in 2023 due to very high gas storage levels in 
the European Union, an unusually low gas demand in Europe during the winter, due to mild weather, an 
increased supply as well as contained demand of gas. Despite the stability of gas prices as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, increased volatility in the TTF Natural Gas Price Index in recent months reflects an 
increased uncertainty and a higher probability of prices of gas increasing.

--- Page 25 ---
18
The combined effect of the COVID-19 pandemic and the sanctions imposed in the context of the conflict 
in Ukraine are likely to have an adverse effect on business and consumer confidence and the global 
economy generally. There is a risk that lower business and consumer confidence and activity and an energy-
fuelled inflation shock could result in higher unemployment rates and lower global economic growth at a 
time when the global economy is still recovering from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. For example, 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Central Bank (“ECB”) has raised its inflation 
projections and cut its growth outlook as the conflict in Ukraine is likely to keep commodity prices high, 
weakening households’ purchasing power and firms’ ability to invest. The ECB also decided to raise the 
three key ECB interest rates by 25 basis points in September 2023 with the objective of inflation returning 
to 2% in the medium term. As a result, the interest rate of the Group’s main financing increased to 4.50%, 
effective from 20 September 2023. 
The Group is exposed to the uncertain macroeconomic climate in a number of ways: 
 
An economic downturn in any of the countries in which the Group operates negatively affects 
business and consumer confidence, unemployment trends and the state of the residential and 
commercial real estate sector. This in turn, may impact the Group’s customers, resulting in their 
inability to pay amounts owed to the Group and may affect demand for the Group’s goods and 
services. What is more, given that as at 30 September 2023, more than half of the Group’s 
operating assets were located in Spain, any economic downturn affecting the Spanish economy 
would have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business. 
 
An economic downturn also negatively affects the state of the equity, bond and foreign exchange 
markets, including their liquidity. This might affect the reasonable value of financial assets and 
liabilities and increase the Group’s financing costs, all of which could give rise to an impairment 
of the goodwill and the intangible or tangible fixed assets of the Group. 
 
A sharp economic recovery may create short to mid-term disbalances, including supply-demand 
disbalances, which may increase procurement costs and the Group may not be able to pass on such 
cost increases to its customers. In general, sudden increases in the spot markets where the Group 
operates due to energetic supply-demand disbalances, can generate inefficiency in the pass-
through of the volatility of the energy scenario to its customers. 
 
The current energy transition transformation may adversely impact the Group’s activities, in 
particular due to increasing governmental intervention in the energy sector. 
The Group is not able to predict how the economic cycle is likely to develop in the short term or the coming 
years, including as a result of the impact of COVID-19, the conflict in Ukraine, the military conflict in 
Israel and Gaza or otherwise. Any further deterioration or a rapid change of the current economic situation 
in the markets in which the Group operates could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
Geographical exposure 
The Group has interests in countries with varied political, economic and social environments, focused on 
three main geographical areas, Europe, Latin America and the Middle East and the Maghreb. 
Europe 
Operations and investments in Europe are exposed to various risks, including, but not limited to, risks 
relating to the following: 
 
unexpected and sudden changes in governmental regulation; and 
 
changes in governmental, fiscal, economic or tax policies. 
Latin America 
A significant portion of the Group’s operating income is generated by its Latin American subsidiaries. 
Operations and investments in Latin America are exposed to various risks that are inherent to the region: 
 
significant governmental influence over local economies;  
 
substantial fluctuations in economic growth;

--- Page 26 ---
19
 
high levels of inflation;  
 
devaluation, depreciation or over-valuation of local and foreign currencies;  
 
exchange controls or restrictions on expatriation of earnings;  
 
volatile domestic interest rates;  
 
changes in governmental, fiscal, economic or tax policies;  
 
unexpected changes in governmental regulation;  
 
expropriation of assets or businesses;  
 
social unrest; and 
 
general political and macro-economic instability. 
Most or all of these factors have arisen at various times in the last two decades in the most important Latin 
American markets: Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia and Mexico. 
The Middle East and the Maghreb 
The Group has both proprietary assets and significant gas supply contracts in various countries in the 
Middle East and the Maghreb. Political instability in the area can result in physical damage to assets of 
companies in which the Group participates as well as in obstructing the operations of these or other 
companies causing interruption in gas supply. 
The Group is not able to predict the occurrence of any of these risks or other risks related to the Group’s 
operations and interests in Latin America or the Middle East and the Maghreb, or the magnitude of their 
impact, and any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
5. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE GROUP’S STRATEGY 
Business strategy  
On 27 July 2021, the Guarantor’s Board of Directors approved a new Strategic Plan for the period 2021 
through 2025 (the “Strategic Plan”), during which the Group aims to strengthen its role in the energy 
transition and decarbonisation. The Strategic Plan is part of the Group’s strong commitment to 
Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) criteria that the Group has been implementing in recent 
years and includes a Sustainability Plan with targets for 2025 in the ESG areas. This includes the objective 
of achieving zero emissions by 2050 and close to 60% of installed power from renewable sources, among 
other targets and objectives. See “Description of Naturgy Energy Group, S.A.—New Strategic Plan 2021-
2025” for a description of the Group’s new Strategic Plan.  
In addition, on 10 February 2022, Naturgy communicated the decision of its Board of Directors to launch 
Project Gemini, which consists of the significant reorganisation of the Group’s group of companies, of 
which the Guarantor is the parent company. In July 2023, Naturgy’s management team updated the status 
of Project Gemini and the Guarantor’s Board of Directors confirmed its strategic sense and requested the 
management team to continue analysing the possible execution alternatives and its associated calendars. As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, the analysis undergone to date confirmed the suitability and strategic 
sense of Project Gemini, although it is not possible to estimate a precise timing for its execution. See 
“Description of Naturgy Energy Group, S.A.—Project Gemini”.  
The Group’s ability to achieve its strategic targets and objectives is subject to a variety of risks. These risks 
include: 
 
an inability to manage more challenging gas markets and price evolution, resulting in an adverse 
impact on the profitability of the Group’s liberalised businesses; 
 
an inability to successfully manage the requirements of regulatory frameworks if stricter-than-
expected regulatory measures were to be imposed in relation to the international distribution of 
gas and electricity generation;

--- Page 27 ---
20
 
an inability to successfully manage the businesses of the Group in the context of the changing 
political and regulatory environment, including the potential risk of intervention and/or liquidation 
of any of the Group’s businesses. In particular, an inability to manage new populist political and 
social environments in countries that lead to worse regulations in regulated businesses impacting 
the profitability of the Group’s businesses in such countries; 
 
the possibility of a new recession in the Spanish, European, Latin American or any other economy 
where the Group operates, or the actual or threatened default by any major economy on its 
sovereign debt, which would negatively affect the performance of the Group’s businesses; 
 
an inability to properly manage foreign exchange evolutions, resulting in a negative impact on the 
Group’s profitability; 
 
an inability to extend contracts that expire over the short and medium term, resulting in decreased 
cash flow and a negative impact on the Group’s profitability; 
 
a stagnation in the number of customers due to a lack of success in marketing campaigns targeted 
at gas and electricity consumers;  
 
an inability to achieve the desired level of flexibility and diversification in gas supplies and access 
to gas reserves;  
 
an inability to renegotiate contracts that expire or the conditions of which no longer reflect the 
existing market situation, which may negatively impact the Group’s profitability; 
 
an inability to terminate or renegotiate in satisfactory terms the existing long-term contracts in the 
context of the current uncertain business environment; 
 
the inclusion of “take-or-pay” or minimum payment clauses in supply or capacity contracts, 
potentially imposing an obligation on the Group to pay for a larger volume of gas or associated 
services than it requires or to pay for a minimum amount of gas or services, irrespective of whether 
it takes the gas or uses the services or not; 
 
an inability to consolidate the Group’s multi-service business strategy or to increase the current 
rate of multi-product contracts per customer; 
 
an inability to achieve the energy transition and the reorientation of the Group’s business strategy 
at the speed and success required by the market and public policies; 
 
an inability to execute the Group’s current efficiency plan; 
 
an inability to fulfil the current dividend plan as a result of lower cash generation; and 
 
an inability to successfully manage the Group’s minority shareholders in the different businesses 
belonging to the Group. 
The Group may be significantly affected by the regulatory decisions adopted or announced after the Council 
of Ministers of 14 September 2021. See “―Legal and Regulatory Risks―Risks relating to the Group’s 
regulatory environment” above for more information. 
The Group has analysed the effects and potential economic, accounting and other impacts these measures 
may have, as well as any mitigating actions to be taken. However, at this time, it is impracticable to measure 
such effects due to the uncertainties mentioned above and the difficulty involved in modelling the impact 
on its business. Any of these factors could affect the effective fulfilment of the Strategic Plan, which is 
subject, like any plan, to the regulatory hypotheses, scenarios as well as their projections materialising, and 
the measures designed being implemented in the manner and within the timeframe envisaged. 
The Group can provide no assurance that it will be able to implement its Strategic Plan successfully, either 
in full or in part. Were the Group to fail to achieve the strategic objectives and targets formulated in the 
Strategic Plan, or if those targets and objectives, once attained, did not generate the benefits initially 
anticipated, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, prospects, financial condition 
and results of operations.

--- Page 28 ---
21
Risks related to acquisitions, investments and disposals 
As part of the Group’s strategy, the Group may engage in acquisitions, investments and total or partial 
disposals of interests. There can be no assurance that the Group will identify suitable acquisition 
opportunities, obtain the financing necessary to complete and support such acquisitions or investments, 
acquire businesses on satisfactory terms, or that any acquired business will prove to be profitable. In 
addition, acquisitions, investments and divestments involve a number of risks associated with unanticipated 
events, including difficulties in relation to the operational integration of such new businesses in the Group 
or the disintegration of such businesses from the Group and risks arising from provisions in contracts that 
are triggered by a change of control of an acquired company or from provisions in contracts relating to the 
units to be divested. Any total or partial disposal of any interest may also adversely affect the Group’s 
financial condition. Any of the above factors could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, 
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
(II) 
RISKS RELATING TO WITHHOLDING  
Risks in relation to Spanish Taxation in respect of payments made by the Guarantor 
Whilst the Guarantor considers that payments under the Guarantee should be characterised as an indemnity 
and, accordingly, be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes imposed 
by the Kingdom of Spain, there are certain circumstances outside the Guarantor’s control, which would 
require the Guarantor to withhold tax at the then-applicable rate (currently 19 per cent.) from any payment 
of interest in respect of the Notes. In such circumstances, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will pay any 
additional amounts with respect to any such withholding and investors would receive less interest than 
expected. This could also adversely affect the price of the Notes. See “Taxation and Disclosure of 
Information in Connection with the Notes—Taxation in Spain—Payments under the Guarantee”. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to the consequences under the 
tax laws of the Kingdom of Spain of receiving payments of interest under the Notes. 
(III) 
RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
1. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors.  
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
The Conditions provide that, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, Notes may be subject to early 
redemption at the option of the Issuer in certain circumstances. See Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase). An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor would generally not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed, and may only be able to 
do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Notes linked to SONIA 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets and its 
adoption as an alternative to the London Interbank Offered Rate. In particular, market participants and 
relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA, including term SONIA

--- Page 29 ---
22
reference rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a 
designated term). As a result, the market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA 
that differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference a 
SONIA rate issued under this Base Prospectus.  
Interest on Notes which reference SONIA is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant 
Observation Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for 
investors in Notes which reference a SONIA rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be 
payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes 
to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, if Notes 
referencing SONIA become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 11 (Events 
of Default) are redeemed early on a date other than an Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest payable 
for the final Interest Period in respect of such Notes shall only be determined immediately prior to the date 
on which the Notes become due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond markets may 
differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of SONIA reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements 
which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing a 
SONIA rate. 
Further, if SONIA does not prove to be widely used in securities such as the Notes, the trading price of 
such Notes linked to SONIA may be lower than those of Notes linked to indices that are more widely used. 
Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such 
relevant Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert 
the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating 
rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than the prevailing rates on the Notes prior to such conversion. 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of 
which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have 
information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking 
activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may 
affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market 
price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
2. 
RISKS RELATED TO ANY ISSUE OF NOTES 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
In the case of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are 
redeemable at the Issuer’s option, for example pursuant to Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer), Condition 6(d) (Residual Maturity Call Option), Condition 6(e) (Redemption following a 
Substantial Purchase Event) or Condition 6(f) (Make-Whole Redemption). In certain circumstances the 
Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In

--- Page 30 ---
23
such circumstances, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable 
security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
The regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Notes referencing such 
benchmarks. 
Reference rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are 
the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. This has 
resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing benchmarks, with further changes anticipated. These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect 
on any Notes referencing such a benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “BMR”) and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK BMR”) apply to “contributors”, “administrators” and “users” of 
“benchmarks” in the EU and the UK, respectively and could have a material impact on any Notes 
referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the relevant benchmark are 
changed in order to comply with the requirements of the BMR or the UK BMR. Such changes could, among 
other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory 
reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms 
may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on 
any Notes referencing such a benchmark.  
The potential elimination of any benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, 
could require an adjustment to the Conditions, or result in other consequences, in respect of any Notes 
referencing such benchmark.  
Under the Conditions, certain replacement provisions will apply if a benchmark (or any component part 
thereof) used as a reference for the calculation of interest amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes 
were to be discontinued or otherwise become unavailable. See Condition 5(i) (Benchmark discontinuation). 
For example, where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in 
respect of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances 
where such Original Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor 
or replacement may be available, in which case the Rate of Interest to be determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent. Where such 
quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates for the 
determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original Reference Rate 
was discontinued.  
Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from reference 
banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued may adversely 
affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(i) (Benchmark discontinuation)) occurs (which, among 
other events, includes the permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate), the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser. The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use 
of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest is likely to result in Notes 
initially linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to 
be referenced. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall 
be determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the ISDA Definitions. Where the

--- Page 31 ---
24
Floating Rate Option specified is an “IBOR” Floating Rate Option, the Rate of Interest may be determined 
by reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations from certain banks.  
If the relevant IBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from banks (as 
applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of 
Interest that would be applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate 
Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the BMR or the UK BMR reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Notes referencing a benchmark. 
It may be difficult for Holders to enforce judgments obtained before English courts against the Issuer in 
the Netherlands. 
Following the UK departure from the European Union, the main EU instruments on jurisdiction and 
enforcement of judgments – namely Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 (the “Recast Brussels Regulation”) 
and the Convention on Jurisdiction and the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and 
Commercial Matters made in Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the “Lugano Convention”) – no longer apply 
to civil and commercial cases commenced in the UK on or after 1 January 2021. 
As a result, persons enforcing a judgment obtained before English courts can no longer benefit from the 
recognition of such judgment in EU courts (including the Netherlands and Spain) under the Recast Brussels 
Regulation or the Lugano Convention. While the UK applied to re-accede to the Lugano Convention as an 
independent contracting state, the European Union rejected the UK’s accession on 4 May 2021. As the 
agreement of all participating states of the Lugano Convention is necessary for such accession, the rejection 
of the European Union means that the United Kingdom cannot accede to the Lugano Convention for the 
time being. 
On 28 September 2020, the UK deposited its instrument of accession to the Hague Convention on Choice 
of Court Agreements 2005 (the “Hague Convention”). The Hague Convention is an international 
convention which requires contracting states to recognise and respect exclusive jurisdiction clauses in 
favour of other contracting states and to enforce related judgments. While the UK’s accession to the Hague 
Convention preserves the status quo between the UK and the EU in many respects as to matters of 
jurisdiction and enforcement, the scope of the Hague Convention is limited to contracts with exclusive 
jurisdiction clauses and there is no assurance that such judgments will be recognised on exactly the same 
terms and in the same conditions as under the Recast Brussels Regulation. In addition, it is unlikely that so-
called “asymmetric exclusive jurisdiction” clauses, such as Condition 18, would be considered “exclusive” 
for the purposes of the Hague Convention.  
Therefore, unless and until the UK is able to accede to the Lugano Convention in the future, and if 
proceedings fall outside the scope of the Hague Convention, then UK and EU member state courts will 
have recourse to their own domestic laws and conflict of law rules to determine questions of jurisdiction 
and enforceability of judgments. For example, it is expected that a final and conclusive civil judgment for 
the payment of money rendered by a court in England against the Guarantor under the Notes which is 
enforceable in England should be capable of being recognised and enforced by the Spanish courts according 
and subject to the limitations set forth in articles 41 et seq. of the Spanish Law on International Legal 
Cooperation in Civil Matters (Ley de Cooperación Jurídica Internacional en materia civil) and article 523 
of the Spanish Law of Civil Procedure (Ley de Enjuiciamiento Civil).  
Conversely, any such judgment obtained against the Issuer will, in principle, neither be recognised nor 
enforceable in the Netherlands.  
However, with regards to Notes issued by the Issuer, a final judgment obtained in an English court and not 
rendered by default (verstek) and which is not subject to appeal or other means of contestation and is 
enforceable in England with respect to the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes may be relitigated 
before a competent Dutch court and should generally be upheld and be regarded by a Dutch court of 
competent jurisdiction as conclusive evidence when asked to render a judgment in accordance with that 
judgment by an English court, without substantive re-examination or re-litigation on the merits of the 
subject matter thereof. The foregoing assumes that the judgment has been rendered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction in accordance with the principles of natural justice, its content and enforcement do not conflict

--- Page 32 ---
25
with Dutch public policy and that it has not been rendered in proceedings of a criminal or tax or other public 
law nature.  
Therefore, the enforcement by Holders in the Netherlands of a judgment obtained against the Issuer in the 
courts of England may be difficult and could be subject to significant delays and costs. 
3. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE DENOMINATIONS OF THE NOTES 
In relation to any issue of Notes which under the Conditions have a minimum denomination of euro 100,000 
plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount (or, where the specified currency is not euro, its 
equivalent in the specified currency) (each, a “Specified Denomination”), it is possible that Notes may be 
traded in the clearing systems in amounts in excess of euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in the specified 
currency). In such a case, should definitive Notes be required to be issued, a holder who, as a result of 
trading, holds a principal amount of less than euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in the specified currency) in 
its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive all of its entitlement in 
the form of definitive Notes, and consequently may not be able to receive interest or principal in respect of 
all of its entitlement, unless and until such time as its holding becomes an integral multiple of a Specified 
Denomination. Furthermore, at any meeting of Noteholders while Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note, any vote cast shall only be valid if it is in respect of a minimum of euro 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in the specified currency).

--- Page 33 ---
26
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The information set out in the table below shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this 
Base Prospectus provided however that (i) any statement contained in any document incorporated by 
reference in, and forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for 
the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes 
such statement and (ii) any information which is not expressly listed in the table below does not form part 
of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Such documents will be made available, free of charge, during usual business hours at the specified offices 
of the Agent, unless such documents have been modified or superseded, and on the website of the 
Guarantor at:  
In case of the document listed under (A) in the table below: 
https://stpropwebcorporativangy.blob.core.windows.net/uploads/2023/07/Memoria_Junio_2023_INGLES
_RESUMIDOS_ENTN.pdf 
In case of the document listed under (B) in the table below: 
https://stpropwebcorporativangy.blob.core.windows.net/uploads/2023/07/NEG_2022_Consolidated_Acc
ounts_EMTN.pdf 
In case of the document listed under (C) in the table below: 
https://www.naturgy.com/files/Annual_Consolidated_Financial_Report_Naturgy_2021.pdf 
In case of the document listed under (D) in the table below: 
https://www.naturgy.com/files/Naturgy_Finance_2022.pdf 
In case of the document listed under (E) in the table below: 
https://www.naturgy.com/app/uploads/2023/02/NaturgyEMTN2022_FY2021NFBV264232473.1.pdf 
In case of the document listed under (F) in the table below: 
https://www.naturgy.com/app/uploads/2023/02/EMTN_Base_Prospectus_2013.pdf 
In case of the document listed under (G) in the table below: 
https://www.naturgy.com/app/uploads/2023/02/EMTN_Base_Prospectus_2014.pdf 
In case of the document listed under (H) in the table below: 
https://www.naturgy.com/app/uploads/2023/02/EMTN_Base_Prospectus_2015.pdf 
In case of the document listed under (I) in the table below: 
https://www.naturgy.com/app/uploads/2023/02/EMTN_Base_Prospectus_2016.pdf 
In case of the document listed under (J) in the table below: 
https://www.naturgy.com/app/uploads/2023/02/EMTN_Base_Prospectus_2017.pdf 
In case of the document listed under (K) in the table below: 
https://www.naturgy.com/app/uploads/2023/02/EMTN_Base_Prospectus_2018.pdf 
In case of the document listed under (L) in the table below: 
https://www.naturgy.com/app/uploads/2023/02/Base_Prospectus_2020.pdf 
The page references indicated for each document are to the page numbering of the electronic copies of such 
documents as available at the links set forth above.

--- Page 34 ---
27
Information incorporated by reference 
Page 
reference 
(A) 
The English language translation of the condensed interim consolidated financial statements of Naturgy 
Energy Group, S.A. as at and for the six-month period ended 30 June 2023, including the consolidated 
interim directors’ report and the auditor’s limited review report thereon (“2023 Interim Financial 
Statements”): 
 
(a) 
Report on Limited Review of Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements ...  
2-3 
 
(b) 
Condensed interim consolidated financial statements as at 30 June 2023 ......................  
4-70 
 
- 
Interim consolidated balance sheet ..................................................................  
7 
 
- 
Interim consolidated income statement ...........................................................  
8 
 
- 
Interim consolidated statement of comprehensive income ..............................  
9 
 
- 
Interim consolidated statement of changes in equity .......................................  
10 
 
- 
Interim consolidated cash flow statement........................................................  
11 
 
- 
Notes to the condensed interim consolidated financial statements ..................  
12-61 
 
- 
Appendix I: Variations in consolidation scope ................................................  
62 
 
- 
Appendix II: Regulatory framework ...............................................................  
63-70 
 
(c) 
Consolidated Interim Directors’ Report as at 30 June 2023...........................................  
71-105 
 
- 
Appendix I: Alternative performance metrics ................................................  
102-105 
 
(d) 
Auditor’s Report on Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. ...........................................................  
106-108 
 
(e) 
Interim Financial Statements as at 30 June 2023 ...........................................................  
109-141 
 
- 
Interim balance sheet .......................................................................................  
111-112 
 
- 
Interim income statement ................................................................................  
113 
 
- 
Interim statement of recognised income and expense .....................................  
114 
 
- 
Interim statement of changes in equity ............................................................  
115 
 
- 
Interim cash flow statement ............................................................................  
116 
 
- 
Notes to the interim financial statements.........................................................  
117-141 
 
(f) 
Interim directors’ report as at 30 June 2023 .................................................................  
142-146 
(B) 
The sections listed below of the 2022 Annual Consolidated Financial Report of Naturgy Energy Group, 
S.A., including the English language translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts as at and 
for the year ended 31 December 2022 together with the audit report thereon: 
 
(a) 
Independent Auditors’ report on the consolidated annual accounts 
2-9 
 
(b) 
Consolidated annual accounts of Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. and subsidiaries 
comprising the Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. Group for the financial year 2022: 
10-184 
 
- 
Consolidated balance sheet at 31 December 2022 ...........................................  
12 
 
- 
Consolidated income statement for the year ended 31 December 2022 ..........  
13 
 
- 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year ended 31 
December 2022 ...............................................................................................  
14 
 
- 
Statement of changes in consolidated equity for the year ended 31 December 
2022.................................................................................................................  
15 
 
- 
Consolidated cash flow statement for the year ended 31 December 2022  ......  
16

--- Page 35 ---
28
 
- 
Notes to the consolidated annual accounts for 2022 ........................................  
17-153 
 
- 
Appendices ......................................................................................................  
154-184 
 
(c) 
Annual Consolidated Directors’ Report 2022 
185-750 
(C) 
The sections listed below of the 2021 Annual Consolidated Financial Report of Naturgy Energy Group, 
S.A., including the English language translation of the audited consolidated annual accounts as at and 
for the year ended 31 December 2021 together with the audit report thereon: 
 
(a) 
 Independent Auditor’s report on the consolidated financial statements 
3-10 
 
(b) 
Consolidated annual accounts of Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. and subsidiaries 
comprising the Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. Group for the financial year 2021: 
11-166 
 
- 
Consolidated balance sheet at 31 December 2021 ...........................................  
14 
 
- 
Consolidated income statement for the year ended 31 December 2021 ..........  
15 
 
- 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year ended 31 
December 2021 ...............................................................................................  
16 
 
- 
Statement of changes in consolidated equity for the year ended 31 December 
2021.................................................................................................................  
17 
 
- 
Consolidated cash flow statement for the year ended 31 December 2021  ......  
18 
 
- 
Notes to the consolidated annual accounts for 2021 ........................................  
19-138 
 
- 
Appendices ......................................................................................................  
139-166 
 
(c) 
Annual Consolidated Directors’ Report 2021 
167-657 
(D) 
The annual report of Naturgy Finance B.V. as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022: 
 
(a) 
Annual Report 
1-14 
 
-              Management Board Members Report ..............................................................  
3-11 
 
-              Supervisory Board Report ................................................................................  
12-14 
 
(b) 
Financial Statements 
15-43 
 
- 
Balance Sheet as of 31 December 2022 ..........................................................  
15 
 
- 
Statement of Income for the year ended 31 December 2022 ...........................  
16 
 
- 
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 ........  
17-43 
 
(c) 
Other Information to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 
44 
 
(d) 
Independent auditor’s report ..........................................................................................  
45-56 
(E) 
The annual report of Naturgy Finance B.V. as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021: 
 
(a) 
Annual Report 
1-12 
 
-              Board of Managing Directors Report ...............................................................  
3-10 
 
-              Supervisory Board Report ................................................................................  
11-12 
 
(b) 
Financial Statements 
13-42 
 
- 
Balance Sheet as at 31 December 2021 ...........................................................  
13 
 
- 
Statement of Income for the year ended 31 December 2021 ...........................  
14 
 
- 
Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 ........  
15-42 
 
(c) 
Other Information 
43-51 
 
- 
Other information to the financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 ...............................................................................................  
43 
 
- 
Independent auditor’s report ...........................................................................  
44-51

--- Page 36 ---
29
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. The CSSF as competent authority has not scrutinised or approved the information on any 
website referred to in this Base Prospectus.  
Any statement contained in a document that is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein shall be 
deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement 
contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or 
superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. To the extent that any document or information 
incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus itself incorporates any information by reference, either 
expressly or impliedly, such information will not form part of this Base Prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation, except where such information or documents are stated within this Base Prospectus 
as specifically being incorporated by reference or where this Base Prospectus is specifically defined as 
including such information.  
SUPPLEMENT TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall prepare and make available an 
appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further base prospectus, which, in respect of any 
subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market, shall constitute a “Supplement to the 
Base Prospectus”, as required by the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
 
(F) 
The terms and conditions of the Notes issued by Gas Natural Fenosa Finance B.V. of the base 
prospectus dated 19 November 2013 relating to the Programme ....................................................  
31-56 
(G) 
The terms and conditions of the Notes issued by Gas Natural Fenosa Finance B.V. of the base 
prospectus dated 12 December 2014 relating to the Programme ....................................................  
34-66 
(H) 
The terms and conditions of the Notes issued by Gas Natural Fenosa Finance B.V. of the base 
prospectus dated 2 December 2015 relating to the Programme ......................................................  
33-69 
(I) 
The terms and conditions of the Notes issued by Gas Natural Fenosa Finance B.V. of the base 
prospectus dated 2 December 2016 relating to the Programme ......................................................  
34-68 
(J) 
The terms and conditions of the Notes issued by Gas Natural Fenosa Finance B.V. of the base 
prospectus dated 30 November 2017 relating to the Programme ....................................................  
37-70 
(K) 
The terms and conditions of the Notes issued by Naturgy Finance B.V. of the base prospectus 
dated 21 December 2018 relating to the Programme ......................................................................  
39-72 
(L) 
The terms and conditions of the Notes issued by Naturgy Finance B.V. of the base prospectus 
dated 3 April 2020 relating to the Programme ................................................................................  
35-67

--- Page 37 ---
30
CONVERSION OF NATURGY FINANCE B.V. 
On 30 November 2023, the board of directors of the Issuer agreed to effectuate a statutory cross-border 
conversion to be carried out pursuant to Directive (EU) 2019/2121 and the relevant implementing 
legislation in the Netherlands and Spain and whereby the Issuer, without being dissolved or wound up or 
going into liquidation, transfers its registered office from the Netherlands to Spain and converts its legal 
form from a Dutch limited company (B.V. or besloten vennootschap) to a Spanish limited company (S.A. 
or sociedad anónima) (the “Conversion”). 
In connection with the Conversion, the Issuer prepared common draft terms of conversion (the 
“Conversion Proposal”). On 11 December 2023, the Conversion Proposal was filed with the Dutch 
Chamber of Commerce and made available at the offices of the Issuer and a notification was published on 
14 December 2023 in the Dutch State Gazette (Staatscourant) (the “Conversion Notice”). The Issuer also 
published a regulatory announcement on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange which is available at 
https://www.naturgy.com/en/shareholders-and-investors/investors/fixed-income/euro-medium-term-
notes-programme-emtn/ (the “Regulatory Announcement”). The Conversion Proposal, Conversion 
Notice and Regulatory Announcement do not form part of this Base Prospectus and are not incorporated 
by reference in it. 
From the date of the Conversion Notice, two periods commenced, namely (i) a four-week waiting period 
before the general meeting of the sole shareholder of the Issuer may resolve upon the Conversion and (ii) 
a three month creditor opposition period (together, the “Conversion Process”).  
Consequently, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Conversion Process is ongoing and completion of 
the Conversion, by means of the registration of the Conversion with the Madrid Commercial Registry (the 
“Effective Date of Conversion”), is expected to occur during the last week of February 2024. However, 
there can be no assurance that the Conversion will be completed by that date or at all. 
Upon completion of the Conversion (and with effect from the Effective Date of Conversion), the Issuer will 
become a limited liability company (sociedad anónima) governed by the laws of Spain, under the name 
Naturgy Finance Iberia, S.A. and with its registered office at Avenida de América, 38, 28028, Madrid, 
Spain. Pursuant to Directive (EU) 2019/2121 and the relevant implementing legislation in the Netherlands 
and Spain, the assets and liabilities of the Issuer prior to the Effective Date of Conversion, including all 
contracts, credits, rights and obligations, will be those of the Issuer as so converted. 
The Issuer intends to publish a Supplement to this Base Prospectus following the Effective Date of 
Conversion in order to inform Noteholders of the completion of the Conversion.

--- Page 38 ---
31
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES ISSUED BY THE ISSUER PRIOR TO THE 
EFFECTIVE DATE OF CONVERSION 
For any Notes issued by the Issuer prior to the Effective Date of Conversion (as defined in “Conversion of 
Naturgy Finance B.V.”) the following terms and conditions will be used.  
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued by Naturgy 
Finance B.V. under the Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will 
differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent 
described in the Base Prospectus dated 15 December 2023 relating to the Notes, under “Form of the 
Notes”. 
Naturgy Finance B.V. (the “Issuer”) has established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the 
“Programme”) for the issuance of up to €12,000,000,000 in aggregate nominal amount of Notes (the 
“Notes”) guaranteed by Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may comprise one 
or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of final terms (the “Final 
Terms”) which completes these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”). The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms. All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the subject of 
the relevant Final Terms. The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated agency agreement dated on 
or about 15 December 2023 (the “Agency Agreement”, which expression shall include any further 
amendments or supplements thereto) and made between the Issuer, Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. as 
Guarantor (the “Guarantor”), Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its capacity as Agent (the “Agent” or 
“Calculation Agent”, which expressions shall include any successor to Citibank, N.A., London Branch in 
its capacity as such) and the Paying Agents named therein (the “Paying Agents”, which expression shall 
include the Agent and any substitute or additional Paying Agents appointed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement). The Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons (each as defined below) also have the benefit of a 
deed of covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”, which expression shall include any amendments or 
supplements thereto) dated on or about 15 December 2023 executed by the Issuer in relation to the Notes. 
The Guarantor has, for the benefit of the holders of the Notes from time to time (the “Noteholders”), 
executed and delivered a deed of guarantee (the “Deed of Guarantee”) dated on or about 15 December 
2023 under which it has guaranteed the due and punctual payment of all amounts due by the Issuer under 
the Notes and the Deed of Covenant as and when the same shall become due and payable. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) have interest 
coupons (“Coupons”) and, if indicated in the applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) 
attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Definitive Notes repayable in instalments have receipts 
(“Receipts”) for the payment of the instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on 
issue. 
Copies of the Deed of Covenant, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee and the Final Terms 
applicable to the Notes are available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of 
each of the Paying Agents. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com. All persons from time to time entitled to the benefit of 
obligations under any Notes are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions 
of the Deed of Covenant, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee and the applicable Final Terms, 
which are binding on them. 
Words and expressions defined in the Deed of Covenant, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee 
or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless 
the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency, 
the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered in the Specified 
Currency and the Specified Denomination(s), provided that in the case of any Notes which are to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the

--- Page 39 ---
32
public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified 
Denomination shall be euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue 
of those Notes). Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another 
Denomination. 
So long as the Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note and 
the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, the Notes will be tradeable only (a) if the Specified 
Denomination stated in the relevant Final Terms is “euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency)”, in the authorised denomination of euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) 
and integral multiples of euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) thereafter, or (b) if 
the Specified Denomination stated in the relevant Final Terms is “euro 100,000 (or its equivalent 
in another currency) and integral multiples of euro 1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) 
in excess thereof”, in the minimum authorised denomination of euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in 
another currency) and higher integral multiples of euro 1,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency), notwithstanding that no definitive Notes will be issued with a denomination above euro 
199,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery. Subject 
as set out below, the Issuer, the Guarantor, and any Paying Agent may deem and treat (and no such 
person will be liable for so deeming and treating) the bearer of any Note, Receipt or Coupon as 
the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership 
or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case 
of any global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note, each person who is for the time 
being shown in the records of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) or of Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) as the holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes (in 
which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be deemed to be the holder of 
such nominal amount of Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal 
or interest on the Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant global Note shall be deemed 
to be the holder of such nominal amount of Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of 
the relevant global Note (and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly). Notes which are represented by a global Note will be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context 
so permits, except in relation to Notes issued in NGN form, be deemed to include a reference to 
any additional or alternative clearance system approved by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Agent. 
2. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and the relative Receipts and Coupons (if any) are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer ranking pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and (subject to any applicable statutory 
exceptions) at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. 
3. 
Status of the Deed of Guarantee 
The payment of principal and interest together with all other sums payable by the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes has been unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor. The 
obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the 
Guarantor and (subject to any applicable statutory exceptions) rank pari passu with all other 
present and future outstanding, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor.

--- Page 40 ---
33
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Guarantor, under the Spanish Recast Insolvency Law 
approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (as amended and restated pursuant to 
Law 16/2022, of 5 September, the “Spanish Recast Insolvency Law”), claims under the 
Guarantee relating to the Notes (unless they qualify by law as subordinated credits under Article 
281.1 of the Spanish Recast Insolvency Law) will be ordinary credits (créditos ordinarios) as 
defined in the Spanish Recast Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits rank below credits against the 
insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and credits with a general or special privilege (créditos 
con privilegio general o especial). Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits and the rights 
of shareholders. Interest on the Notes (other than interest accruing under secured liabilities up to 
an amount equal to the lower of the value of the asset subject to the security or the maximum 
secured liability under the relevant security) accrued but unpaid as at the commencement of any 
insolvency proceeding (concurso) relating to the Issuer under Spanish law shall thereupon 
constitute subordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking below its unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations. Under Spanish law, accrual of interest on the Notes (other than interest accruing 
under secured liabilities up to an amount equal to the lower of the value of the asset subject to the 
security or the maximum secured liability under the relevant security) shall be suspended as from 
the date of any declaration of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer.  
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement): 
(a) 
neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall create or permit to subsist any Security Interest 
(other than a Permitted Security Interest) upon the whole or any part of its present or 
future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Relevant Indebtedness; and 
(b) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall procure that none of their respective Subsidiaries will 
create or permit to subsist any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security Interest) 
upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues 
(including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any 
Relevant Indebtedness, 
without at the same time or prior thereto (i) securing the Notes and/or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor’s obligations under the Deed of Guarantee, equally and rateably therewith or (ii) 
providing such other security for the Notes and/or, as the case may be, the Guarantor’s obligations 
under the Deed of Guarantee, as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in 
the Agency Agreement) of Noteholders. 
In these Conditions: 
“Guarantee” means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another 
Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to 
purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such 
Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; 
and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility;

--- Page 41 ---
34
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, 
in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be 
treated as finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the 
payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward 
sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
“Permitted Security Interest” means: 
(a) 
in relation to the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries: 
(i) 
any Security Interest arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of 
business of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries which does not (either alone or 
together with any one or more other such Security Interests) materially impair 
the operation of such business and which has not been enforced against the 
assets to which it attaches; and  
(ii) 
any Security Interest that does not fall within sub-paragraph (i) above and that 
secures Relevant Indebtedness which, when aggregated with Relevant 
Indebtedness secured by all other Security Interests permitted under this sub-
paragraph, does not exceed euro 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies); and 
(b) 
in relation to the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries: 
(i) 
any Security Interest in existence on 29 October 1999 to the extent that it secures 
Relevant Indebtedness outstanding on such date; 
(ii) 
any Security Interest arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of 
business of the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries which does not (either alone 
or together with any one or more other such Security Interests) materially impair 
the operation of such business and which has not been enforced against the 
assets to which it attaches; 
(iii) 
any Security Interest to secure Project Finance Debt; 
(iv) 
any Security Interest created in respect of Relevant Indebtedness of an entity 
that has merged with, or has been acquired (whether in whole or in part) by, the 
Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries, provided that such Security Interest: 
(A) 
was in existence at the time of such merger or acquisition;  
(B) 
was not created for the purpose of providing security in respect of the 
financing of such merger or acquisition; and  
(C) 
is not increased in amount or otherwise extended following such 
merger or acquisition other than pursuant to a legal or contractual 
obligation (x) which was assumed (by operation of law, agreement or 
otherwise) prior to such merger or acquisition by an entity which, at 
such time, was not a Subsidiary of the Guarantor, and (y) which 
remains legally binding on such entity at the time of such merger or 
acquisition; and 
(v) 
any Security Interest that does not fall within sub-paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) 
above and that secures Relevant Indebtedness which, when aggregated with 
Relevant Indebtedness secured by all other Security Interests permitted under 
this sub-paragraph, does not exceed euro 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies);

--- Page 42 ---
35
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
“Project Finance Assets” means the assets (including, for the avoidance of doubt, shares (or other 
interests)) of a Project Finance Entity; 
“Project Finance Entity” means any entity in which the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries holds 
an interest whose only assets and business are constituted by: (i) the ownership, creation, 
development, construction, improvement, exploitation or operation of one or more of such entity’s 
assets, or (ii) shares (or other interests) in the capital of other entities that satisfy limb (i) of this 
definition; 
“Project Finance Debt” means any Relevant Indebtedness: 
(a) 
incurred by a Project Finance Entity in respect of the activities of such entity or another 
Project Finance Entity in which it holds shares (or other interests); or 
(b) 
any Subsidiary formed exclusively for the purpose of financing a Project Finance Entity, 
where, in each case, the holders of such Relevant Indebtedness have no recourse against the 
Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries (or its or their respective assets), except for recourse to (y) the 
Project Finance Assets of such Project Finance Entities; and (z) in the case of (b) above only, the 
Subsidiary incurring such Relevant Indebtedness. 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any 
bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is 
capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market 
(including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market); 
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
and 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”) at any particular time, any 
other Person (the “second Person”): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether 
by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, fully consolidated with those of the first Person. 
5. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
(i) 
Each Fixed Rate Note shall bear interest on its nominal amount from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date (which shall be the date of issue 
thereof or such other date as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) in 
respect thereof at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate(s) of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms and on the Maturity Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms if that date does not fall on an Interest 
Payment Date. 
(ii) 
The first payment of interest will be made on the Interest Payment Date next 
following the Interest Commencement Date and, if the period between the 
Interest Commencement Date and the first Interest Payment Date is different 
from the periods between Interest Payment Dates, will amount to the initial 
Broken Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. If the Maturity Date is 
not an Interest Payment Date, interest from, and including, the preceding Interest 
Payment Date (or from the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be)

--- Page 43 ---
36
to, but excluding, the Maturity Date will amount to the final Broken Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an 
Interest Payment Date, such interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest to each Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable 
Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of 
the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will 
amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period of other than a full year, such 
interest shall be calculated using the applicable Day Count Fraction pursuant to 
Condition 5(e) (Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest 
Amount). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and such interest will be payable in arrear on each interest payment 
date (each a “Specified Interest Payment Date”) which (save as otherwise 
mentioned in these Conditions or the applicable Final Terms) falls the number 
of months or other period specified as the Interest Period in the  applicable Final 
Terms after the preceding Specified Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the 
First Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
If a business day convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if 
any Specified Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not 
a Business Day (as defined below), then, if the business day convention 
specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Interest Periods are specified in accordance 
with Condition 5(b)(i) above, the Floating Rate Convention, 
such Specified Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event: (A) such 
Specified Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day; and (B) each 
subsequent Specified Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the number of months 
or other period specified as the Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms after the preceding applicable Specified Interest 
Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Specified 
Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such 
Specified Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Specified 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or

--- Page 44 ---
37
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Specified 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
“Business Day” means:  
(A) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for such currency; and/or  
(B) 
in the case of euro, any day on which the T2 (as defined in 
Condition 5(b)(iv)) is open for the settlement of payments (a 
“TARGET Business Day”); and/or  
(C) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no 
currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business 
Centres.  
(ii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) provided that in any 
circumstances where under the ISDA Definitions the Calculation Agent would 
be required to exercise any discretion, including the selection of any reference 
banks and seeking quotations from reference banks, when calculating the 
relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant determination(s) which require the Calculation 
Agent to exercise its discretion shall instead be made by the Issuer or its 
designee. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (iii), “ISDA Rate” for an 
Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent or other person specified in the applicable Final Terms 
under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent or that other 
person were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions, and under which: 
(x) 
if the Final Terms specify either the “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 
ISDA Definitions” as the applicable ISDA Definitions:  
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions) is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions), if applicable, is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions) unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions; 
and  
(D) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating 
Rate Option (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions),

--- Page 45 ---
38
Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms and:  
(I) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
Lookback is the number of the Applicable Business 
Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(II) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is 
specified as the Compounding Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, (a) Observation Period Shift is 
the number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and (b) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days 
(as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or 
(III)  
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
(a) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and (b) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, 
are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating 
Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and:  
(I) 
Averaging with Lookback is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(II) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified 
as the Averaging Method in the  relevant Final 
Terms, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in 
the  relevant Final Terms; or 
(III) 
Averaging with Lockout is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) 
Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified 
in the  relevant Final Terms and (b) Lockout Period 
Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) and Index 
Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift shall be applicable and, (a) Observation Period 
Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days 
(as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) specified in the

--- Page 46 ---
39
relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions) are the days, if applicable, specified in the 
relevant Final Terms);  
(y) 
references in the relevant ISDA Definitions to:  
(A) 
“Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
“Calculation Period” shall be deemed to be references to the 
relevant Interest Period;  
(C) 
“Termination Date” shall be deemed to be references to the 
Maturity Date; and 
(D) 
“Effective Date” shall be deemed to be references to the 
Interest Commencement Date;  
(z) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify the “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the 
applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and  
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback for any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-
Publication – Alternative Rate” in the Floating Rate Matrix of 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions, the reference to “Calculation 
Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition of 
“Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate” shall be 
replaced by “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous 
Day’s Rate”. 
Where this sub-paragraph (iii) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest 
Period, the Calculation Agent will be deemed to have discharged its obligations 
under paragraph (e) below in respect of the determination of the Rate of Interest 
if it has determined the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period in the 
manner provided in this sub-paragraph (iii). 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of the issue 
of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of 
which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest 
version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each 
Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche 
of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
and 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the 
Relevant Screen Page (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms)), expressed as a percentage rate per annum; or

--- Page 47 ---
40
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fourth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards) of the 
offered quotations (expressed as a percentage rate per annum), 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for that Interest Period which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00a.m. (London 
time or, where the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If 
five or more such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no 
such quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three of such 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at such time, the Issuer or an agent on 
its behalf shall request the principal London office of each of the Reference 
Banks (as defined below) or, in the case of the determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal office of each of four EURIBOR Reference Banks (as defined below) 
to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for the 
relevant Interest Period to leading banks in the London inter-bank market (or, in 
the case of the determination of EURIBOR, where the Reference Rate of 
EURIBOR is used for Notes denominated or payable in euro, the Eurozone 
interbank market) as at 11.00 a.m. (London time or, where the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR, Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If 
two or more of the Reference Banks or, as the case may be, EURIBOR 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
or, as the case may be, EURIBOR Reference Banks, provides the Calculation 
Agent with such an offered quotation as provided above, the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
the rates, as communicated to the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or, 
as the case may be, EURIBOR Reference Banks, or any two or more of them, 
at which such banks were offered, as at 11.00a.m. (London time or, where the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest 
Period by leading banks in the London inter-bank market (or, in the case of the 
determination of EURIBOR, where the Reference Rate of EURIBOR is used for 
Notes denominated or payable in euro, the Eurozone interbank market) plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) or, if 
fewer than two of the Reference Banks or, as the case may be, EURIBOR 
Reference Banks, provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest 
Period, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period, at which, 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank 
or banks is or are suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is 
quoting to leading banks in the London inter-bank market (or, in the case of the 
determination of EURIBOR, the Eurozone interbank market) (or, as the case 
may be, the quotations of such bank or banks to the Calculation Agent) plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), provided 
that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this sub-paragraph (iv), the Rate of Interest shall be the

--- Page 48 ---
41
sum of the Margin and the offered rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic 
mean of the offered rates last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of 
the preceding Interest Period. 
In these Conditions: 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of (A) above, those banks whose offered rate was 
used to determine such quotation when such quotation last appeared on the Relevant 
Screen Page and, in the case of (B) above, those banks whose offered quotations last 
appeared on the Relevant Screen Page when no fewer than three such offered quotations 
appeared; 
“EURIBOR Reference Bank” means a major bank operating in the Eurozone interbank 
market and “EURIBOR Reference Banks” shall be construed accordingly; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, 
(i) the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the 
second Business Day in London prior to the commencement of such Interest Period if the 
Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the second TARGET Business Day 
prior to the commencement of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is euro; and 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any 
successor system.  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is SONIA, the foregoing provisions of Condition 
5(b)(iv) will not apply and the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period will, subject 
as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA with respect to such Interest Period 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any). 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period (with the 
daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period means 
the number of calendar days from and including such day “i” up to but excluding 
the following London Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means the period from and including the date falling five 
London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and

--- Page 49 ---
42
the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling five London Banking Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling 
five London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
“SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for 
such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors, in each case (on the London Banking Day immediately 
following such London Banking Day); and 
“SONIAi” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i”, the SONIA 
reference rate for that day. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded 
Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA reference rate in respect of any 
London Banking Day. The SONIA reference rate applied to a day that is a non-
London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA reference rate for 
the previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
Subject to Condition 5(i), if, in respect of any London Banking Day in the 
relevant Observation Period, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA 
reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise 
been published by the relevant authorised distributors, the SONIA reference rate 
shall be: 
(A) 
the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close 
of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of 
the spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five days on which a SONIA reference rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread 
(or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads) to the Bank Rate, each as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA reference 
rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London 
Banking Day on which the SONIA reference rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors). 
If the relevant Series become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11 
(Events of Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding 
any Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms be 
deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the 
Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remain 
outstanding, be that determined on such date.  
(c) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such 
Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the due date for its redemption unless, upon 
due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such 
event, interest will continue to accrue thereon (as well after as before any demand or 
judgement) at the rate then applicable to the principal amount of the Notes or such other 
rate as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms until the date on which, upon (except 
in the case of any payment where presentation and/or surrender of the relevant Note is

--- Page 50 ---
43
not required as a precondition of payment) due presentation of the relevant Note, the 
relevant payment is made or, if earlier (except in the case of any payment where 
presentation and/or surrender of the relevant Note is not required as a precondition of 
payment), the seventh day after the date on which the Agent having received the funds 
required to make such payment, notice is given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices) of that circumstance (except to the extent that there is failure in 
the subsequent payment thereof to the relevant Noteholder). 
(d) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of any such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the above provisions is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest. If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of any such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the above provisions is greater than such Maximum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest. 
(e) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount 
With respect to Floating Rate Notes, the Calculation Agent will, at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine 
the Rate of Interest and calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable 
in respect of any Notes in respect of each Calculation Amount (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) for the relevant Interest Period. 
Each Interest Amount for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes shall be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest to each Calculation Amount multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit 
of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, 
the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366; and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if “30/360, 360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 –D1) 
360 
where:

--- Page 51 ---
44
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D2 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
In these Conditions “sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
(v) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 –D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 –D1) 
360 
where:

--- Page 52 ---
45
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February; or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) such day is the last day of February 
but not the Maturity Date; or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable: 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product 
of (1) the actual number of days in such Calculation Period; and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods in any period of one year; and 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(i) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Determination Period; and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods in any period of one year; and 
(ii) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in 
such Determination Period; and (2) the number of Determination Periods in any 
period of one year. 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date;  
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date(s) or the Specified Interest Payment 
Dates, as the case may be; and 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the 
Notes and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(f) 
Change of Interest Basis 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
the Final Terms will indicate the relevant Interest Periods to which the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions, Floating Rate Note Provisions and/or Zero Coupon Note Provisions shall 
apply. 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date or Specified Interest Payment 
Date, as the case may be, to be notified to the Issuer, the Guarantor and, if the Notes are

--- Page 53 ---
46
listed on a stock exchange, quotation system or other relevant authority and the rules of 
such exchange, quotation system or other relevant authority so require, to any such 
relevant exchange, quotation system and/or other relevant authority, and to be published 
in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination 
but (i) in no event later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period thereafter, if 
determined prior to such time or (ii) in all other cases, as soon as practicable but in no 
event later than the fourth Business Day after such determination. Each Interest Amount 
and Interest Payment Date or Specified Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. If the Notes are listed on a stock exchange, quotation system or other 
relevant authority and the rules of such exchange, quotation system or other relevant 
authority so require, any such amendment will be promptly notified to any such relevant 
exchange, quotation system and/or other relevant authority. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5 shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Agent, the Paying Agents and all Noteholders and (in 
the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Noteholders shall 
attach to the Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by them of their 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(i) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(i)(ii)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Conditions 5(i)(iii) and 5(i)(iv)). In making such determination, 
the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(i) shall act in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence 
of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever 
to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 5(i).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(i) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in 
place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Series for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to 
the first Interest Period).

--- Page 54 ---
47
For the avoidance of doubt, the above paragraph shall apply to the relevant next 
succeeding Interest Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual 
Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided 
in, the first paragraph of this Condition 5(i)(i).  
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, determines 
that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the 
applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 5(i)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, 
then such Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 5(i)).  
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, determines 
that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be), the Independent Adviser, following 
consultation with the Issuer, shall determine the quantum of, or the formula or 
methodology for determining, the Adjustment Spread and such Adjustment 
Spread shall then be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread.  
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(i) and the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the 
Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(i)(v) 
(Notices, etc.), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect 
to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(i)(iv), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
The Paying Agents shall not be obliged to effect any Benchmark Amendment if 
in the sole opinion of the relevant Paying Agent doing so would impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities 
or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the 
relevant Paying Agent in these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement in any 
way.

--- Page 55 ---
48
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5(i) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, 
in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(i), if following the 
determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is 
any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making 
any determination or calculation under this Condition 5(i), the Calculation 
Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the 
Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. 
If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is 
otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify 
the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make 
such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, 
wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so.  
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(i)(i) 
(Independent Adviser), (ii) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate), (iii) 
(Adjustment Spread) and (iv) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference 
Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5(b)(iv) (Screen Rate 
Determination for Floating Rate Notes) will continue to apply unless and until 
a Benchmark Event has occurred.  
(vii) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 5(i): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (i) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (ii) 
a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or  
(b) 
if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the 
Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, determines, is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or  
(c) 
if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the 
Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 5(i)(ii) is customarily applied in international debt capital 
markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(i)(iv) (Benchmark 
Amendments);

--- Page 56 ---
49
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five (5) 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased 
or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor 
to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or  
(f) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any 
other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate; 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (A) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (b) and (c) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, 
(B) in the case of sub-paragraph (d) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the 
Original Reference Rate and (C) in the case of sub-paragraph (e) above, on the date with 
effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by 
the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market 
and which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of 
the relevant public statement; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
5(i)(i); 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes or 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (or, in each case any component thereof), as applicable; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity

--- Page 57 ---
50
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note 
will be redeemed by the Issuer, failing which the Guarantor at its Final Redemption 
Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms 
in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (in the case of a Note other than a Floating Rate Note) or on the Specified Interest 
Payment Date falling in the Redemption Month specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(in the case of a Floating Rate Note). Such Final Redemption Amount in respect of any 
Note shall be its principal amount or such higher amount as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
If, in relation to any Series of Notes (i) as a result of any change in the laws or regulations 
of The Netherlands or the Kingdom of Spain, as applicable, or of any political subdivision 
thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or in the 
interpretation or administration of any such laws or regulations which becomes effective 
on or after the date of issue of such Notes or any earlier date specified in the Final Terms 
the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, would be required to pay additional amounts 
as provided in Condition 10 (Taxation) and (ii) such circumstances are evidenced by the 
delivery by the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, to the Agent of a certificate signed 
by two managing directors of the Issuer or two directors of the Guarantor, as applicable, 
stating that such circumstances prevail and describing the facts leading thereto and an 
opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that such 
circumstances prevail, the Issuer may, at its option and having given no less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days’ notice (ending, in the case of Notes which bear interest at a floating 
rate, on a day upon which interest is payable) to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) 
of the outstanding Notes comprising the relevant Series at their early tax redemption 
amount (the “Early Redemption Amount Tax”) (which shall be their principal amount 
or at such other Early Redemption Amount Tax as may be specified in or determined in 
accordance with the relevant Final Terms) less, in the case of any Instalment Note, the 
aggregate amount of all instalments that shall have become due and payable in respect of 
such Note prior to the date fixed for redemption under any other Condition (which 
amount, if and to the extent not then paid, remains due and payable), together with 
accrued interest (if any) thereon, provided, however, that no such notice of redemption 
may be given earlier than 90 days (or, in the case of Notes which bear interest at a floating 
rate a number of days which is equal to the aggregate of the number of days falling within 
the then current interest period applicable to the Notes plus 60 days) prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
may, having (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) given not more 
than 60 nor less than 30 days’ notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all or some only 
of the Notes then outstanding on the Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date(s). In the event of a redemption of some only of 
the Notes, such redemption must be of a nominal amount being the Minimum 
Redemption Amount or a Maximum Redemption Amount, both as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of definitive Notes, the Notes 
to be redeemed will be selected individually by lot, subject to compliance with applicable 
law and the rules of each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if 
any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation, not 
more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and a list of the Notes called for 
redemption will be published in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) not less than 30 
days prior to such date. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes which are represented 
by a global Note, the relevant Notes will be selected in accordance with the rules of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear

--- Page 58 ---
51
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, 
at their discretion). 
(d) 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) (which notice shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption (the “Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption 
Date”)), redeem all (but not only some) of the outstanding Notes comprising the relevant 
Series at their principal amount together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the 
Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption Date, which shall be no earlier than (i) three 
months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of not more than 
ten years, (ii) six months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity 
of more than ten years, or (iii) as otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms (each 
such period, the “Maturity Call Option Redemption Period”).  
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than ten years or 
the maturity of more than ten years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(e) 
Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event 
If a Substantial Purchase Event is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable and a 
Substantial Purchase Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject 
to having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Agent, and, in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), redeem the Notes comprising the relevant Series in whole, but not in part, 
in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in each case at their principal amount, 
together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
a “Substantial Purchase Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if at least 75 per cent. 
of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series originally issued 
(which for these purposes shall include any further Notes of the same Series issued 
subsequently) is purchased or redeemed by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary 
of the Guarantor (and in each case is cancelled in accordance with Condition 6(l) 
(Cancellation); 
(f) 
Make-Whole Redemption 
If a Make-Whole Redemption is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
then the Issuer may, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives and on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Agent, and, 
in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders redeem the Notes comprising 
the relevant Series, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time (but no later than 
the Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption Date (as defined in Condition 6(d) 
(Residual Maturity Call Option) above) if applicable), prior to their Maturity Date (the 
“Make-Whole Redemption Date”) at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount (as 
defined below). 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed 
Notes”) will (i) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be 
selected individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption 
and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note, be selected in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected 
in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a

--- Page 59 ---
52
reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), in each case of (i) and (ii) above, always 
subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. In the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of 
such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) not 
less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Amount” means in respect of any Notes to be redeemed an 
amount, calculated by, at the election of the Issuer, a leading investment, merchant or 
commercial bank or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer for the purposes of calculating the relevant amount, and notified 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), equal to the greater of (x) 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum of the 
then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such 
Notes until (A) if the Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the first day of the relevant Maturity Call Option Redemption 
Period or (B) in all other cases, the Maturity Date (in each case not including any interest 
accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date) 
discounted to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Make-
Whole Redemption Rate (specified in the relevant Final Terms) plus a Make-Whole 
Redemption Margin (specified in the relevant Final Terms), plus in each case of (x) and 
(y) above, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders 
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, upon any 
Noteholder giving to the Issuer and the Guarantor in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices) not more than 60 nor less than 30 days’ notice (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem subject to, and in 
accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms in whole (but not in 
part) such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms 
together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. 
(h) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control 
If a Change of Control Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable and a Change of Control occurs and, during the Change of Control Period, a 
Rating Downgrade occurs (together, a “Change of Control Event”), each holder of 
Notes will have the option (the “Change of Control Put Option”) to require the Issuer 
to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, to procure the purchase of such Notes on the Change 
of Control Redemption Date at the Change of Control Redemption Amount.  
A “Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred at each time that any person 
or persons acting in concert (“Relevant Persons”) or any person or persons acting on 
behalf of such Relevant Persons, acquire(s) control, directly or indirectly, of the 
Guarantor. 
“control” means: (a) the acquisition or control of more than 50 per cent. of the voting 
rights of the issued share capital of the Guarantor; or (b) the right to appoint and/or 
remove all or the majority of the members of the Guarantor’s Board of Directors or other 
governing body, whether obtained directly or indirectly, whether obtained by ownership 
of share capital, the possession of voting rights, contract or otherwise. 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the date on which the 
relevant Change of Control occurs or the date of the first relevant Potential Change of 
Control Announcement, whichever is the earlier, and ending on the date which is 90 days 
after the date of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control. 
“Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public announcement or 
statement by the Issuer or any actual or bona fide potential bidder relating to any potential 
Change of Control.

--- Page 60 ---
53
“Rating Agency” means any of the following: (a) Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, a 
division of The McGraw Hill Companies, Inc. (“S&P”); (b) Moody’s Investors Service 
Limited (“Moody’s”); (c) Fitch Ratings Ltd (“Fitch Ratings”); or (d) any other credit 
rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from time to time by the 
Issuer and, in each case, their respective successors or affiliates. 
A “Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of 
Control if, within the Change of Control Period, the rating previously assigned to the 
Guarantor is lowered by at least two full rating notches (by way of example, BB+ to BB-
, in the case of S&P) (a “downgrade”) or withdrawn, in each case, by the requisite 
number of Rating Agencies (as defined below), and is not, within the Change of Control 
Period, subsequently upgraded (in the case of a downgrade) or reinstated (in the case of 
a withdrawal) to its earlier credit rating or better, such that there is no longer a downgrade 
or withdrawal by the requisite number of Rating Agencies. For these purposes, the 
“requisite number of Rating Agencies” shall mean (i) at least two Rating Agencies, if, 
at the time of the rating downgrade or withdrawal, three or more Rating Agencies have 
assigned a credit rating to the Guarantor, or (ii) at least one Rating Agency if, at the time 
of the rating downgrade or withdrawal, fewer than three Rating Agencies have assigned 
a credit rating to the Guarantor. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred 
in respect of a particular Change of Control if (a) following such a downgrade, the 
Guarantor is still assigned an Investment Grade Rating by one or more of the Rating 
Agencies effecting the downgrade, or (b) the Rating Agencies effecting the downgrade 
or withdrawing their rating do not publicly announce or otherwise confirm in writing to 
the Issuer that such reduction or withdrawal was the result, in whole or part, of any event 
or circumstance comprised in, or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable 
Change of Control. 
“Investment Grade Rating” means: (1) with respect to S&P, any of the categories from 
and including AAA to and including BBB- (or equivalent successor categories); (2) with 
respect to Moody’s, any of the categories from and including Aaa to and including Baa3 
(or equivalent successor categories); (3) with respect to Fitch Ratings, any of the 
categories from and including AAA to and including BBB- (or equivalent successor 
categories); and (4) with respect to any other credit rating agency of equivalent 
international standing specified from time to time by the Issuer, a rating that is equivalent 
to, or better than, the foregoing. 
“Change of Control Redemption Amount” means an amount equal to par plus interest 
accrued to but excluding the Change of Control Redemption Date. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Event has occurred, 
the Issuer shall give notice (a “Change of Control Event Notice”) to the Agent, the 
Paying Agents and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) specifying 
the nature of the Change of Control Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the 
procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option, as well as the date upon 
which the Put Period (as defined below) will end and the Change of Control Redemption 
Date (as defined below). 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option to require redemption or, as the case may 
be, purchase of a Note under this section, the holder of that Note must transfer or cause 
to be transferred its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Paying 
Agent specified in the Put Option Notice for the account of the Issuer within the period 
(the “Put Period”) of 45 days after the Change of Control Event Notice is given together 
with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Put Option 
Notice”) and in which the holder may specify a bank account to which payment is to be 
made under this section. 
The Issuer shall redeem or, at the option of the Issuer, procure the purchase of the Notes 
in respect of which the Change of Control Put Option has been validly exercised as 
provided above, and subject to the transfer of such Notes to the account of the Paying

--- Page 61 ---
54
Agent for the account of the Issuer as described above on the date which is the fifth 
Business Day following the end of the Put Period (the “Change of Control Redemption 
Date”). Payment in respect of any Note so transferred will be made in the relevant 
Specified Currency to the holder to the relevant Specified Currency denominated bank 
account in the Put Option Notice on the Change of Control Redemption Date via the 
relevant account holders. 
If 80 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes outstanding of a Series at the 
beginning of the Change of Control Period have been redeemed or purchased pursuant to 
the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6(h) (Redemption at the Option of the 
Noteholders upon a Change of Control), the Issuer may, at its option, on not less than 
five nor more than 10 Business Days’ notice to the Noteholders given in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices) within 60 days after the Change of Control Redemption Date, 
redeem or, at its option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) all (but not some only) of 
the remaining Notes of that Series, each at par together with (or, where purchased, 
together with an amount equal to) interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of such 
redemption or purchase. 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purposes of this Condition 6, Zero Coupon Notes will be redeemed at an amount 
equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable, 
or such other amount as is provided in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where any calculation of an early redemption amount is to be made for a period which 
is not a whole number of years, the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full 
year shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days 
each and, in the case of an incomplete month, the number of days elapsed. 
(j) 
Instalments 
If the Notes are repayable in instalments, they will be repaid in the Instalment Amounts 
and on the Instalment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(k) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor may at any time purchase 
Notes (together, in the case of definitive Notes, with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons 
appertaining thereto) in any manner and at any price. In the case of a purchase by tender, 
such tender must be made available to all Noteholders alike. The Issuer, the Guarantor or 
any Subsidiary of the Guarantor will be entitled to hold and deal with Notes so purchased 
as the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Subsidiary of the Guarantor thinks fit. 
(l) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed in full will forthwith be cancelled and Notes which are 
purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor 
may, at the election of the Issuer, be cancelled (together in each case with all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons attached thereto or delivered therewith). Notes purchased by or on 
behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor may not be reissued 
or resold other than to the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor.

--- Page 62 ---
55
(m) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to this Condition 6 or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 11 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, the 
amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount 
calculated as provided in paragraph (i) above as though the references therein to the date 
fixed for redemption or the date upon which the Zero Coupon Note becomes due and 
repayable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of the Zero Coupon Note have been 
paid; and 
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by 
the Agent and notice to that effect has been given in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices). 
7. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a currency other than euro will be made by transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or by a cheque 
in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of 
the country of such Specified Currency; and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) maintained by the payee 
with a bank in the Eurozone. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10 
(Taxation). 
In these Conditions: 
“Eurozone” means the zone comprising the Participating Member States; 
“Participating Member State” means a Member State of the European Union that 
adopts or has adopted the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; and 
“Treaty” means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended. 
(b) 
Presentation of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above against surrender of definitive Notes 
and payments of interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) 
be made as aforesaid against surrender of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States. 
Payments of instalments (if any) of principal, other than the final instalment, will (subject 
as provided below) be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipt. 
Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the 
definitive Note to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive Notes to 
which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on 
which any definitive Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) 
appertaining thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall 
be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include

--- Page 63 ---
56
Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons) failing which the amount 
of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the 
same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid 
bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of 
principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of 
the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 10 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not 
such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 14 (Prescription)) or, 
if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become 
due. Upon any Fixed Rate Note becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note in definitive form becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date or 
a Specified Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from 
(and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or Specified Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant definitive Note. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any global 
Note will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation 
to definitive Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant global Note, 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such global Note (if it is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form), at the specified office of the Agent. A record of each 
payment made against presentation or surrender of such global Note, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such 
global Note by the Agent and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment 
in question has been made. 
The holder of the relevant global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive 
payments in respect of Notes represented by such global Note and the Issuer or, as the 
case may be, the Guarantor will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder 
of such global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, for its share of each payment so made by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of the relevant global Note. No person other 
than the holder of the relevant global Note shall have any claim against the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, the Guarantor in respect of any payments due on that global Note. 
Payments of interest in respect of the Notes will be made at the specified office of a 
Paying Agent in the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United 
States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)) if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able 
to make payment at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such interest at such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in 
the opinion of the Issuer and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the 
Issuer.

--- Page 64 ---
57
(c) 
Redenomination 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the holders of related Receipts 
or Coupons on giving at least 30 days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices), elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date specified in 
the notice, the Notes shall be redenominated in euro. The election will have effect as 
follows: 
(i) 
each Specified Denomination will be deemed to be denominated in such amount 
of euro as is equivalent to its denomination in the Specified Currency at the 
Established Rate, subject to such provisions (if any) as to rounding (and 
payments in respect of fractions consequent on rounding) as the Issuer may 
decide, and as may be specified in the notice; 
(ii) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, the 
Receipts and the Coupons will be made solely in euro, including payments of 
interest in respect of periods before the Redenomination Date, as though 
references in the Notes to the Specified Currency were to euro; and 
(iii) 
such changes shall be made to these Conditions as the Issuer may decide and as 
may be specified in the notice, to conform them to conventions then applicable 
to instruments denominated in euro or to enable the Notes to be consolidated 
with one or more issues of other notes, whether or not originally denominated 
in the Specified Currency or euro. 
(d) 
Exchangeability 
The Issuer may without the consent of the Noteholders or the holders of related Receipts 
or Coupons, on giving at least 30 days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices), elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date or such later 
date for payment of interest under the Notes as it may specify in the notice, the Notes 
shall be exchangeable for Notes expressed to be denominated in euro in accordance with 
such arrangements as the Issuer may decide and as may be specified in the notice, 
including arrangements under which Receipts and Coupons unmatured at the date so 
specified become void. 
In this Condition, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Established Rate” means the rate for conversion of the Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European 
Community regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union 
pursuant to Article 109(4) of the Treaty; and 
“Redenomination Date” means any date for payment of interest under the Notes 
specified by the Issuer which falls on or after the date on which the country of the 
Specified Currency adopts the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty. 
(e) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, “Payment Day” means any day which is both: 
(i) 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for 
business in: 
(A) 
the relevant place of presentation; and 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and

--- Page 65 ---
58
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in the principal financial centre of the relevant Specified Currency (if 
other than London and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
shall be Melbourne) or (2) in relation to notes denominated in euro, a day on 
which the T2 (as defined in Condition 5(b)(iv)) is operating. 
(f) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 10 (Taxation); 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable under or in respect 
of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to 
interest under Condition 10 (Taxation). 
8. 
Agent and Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Agent and the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are 
set out below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent 
and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office 
through which any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, there will at all times be a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations 
of the relevant listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system; 
(b) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office acting in continental 
Europe; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be an Agent. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified 
office in New York City in the circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 7(b) 
(Presentation of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons). Any variation, termination, appointment 
or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate 
effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) provided that no such variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall take effect (except in the case of insolvency) within 15 
days before or after any Interest Payment Date or Specified Interest Payment Date, as the case 
may be. 
9. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date or the Specified Interest Payment Date, as appropriate, on 
which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part 
of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Agent or any Paying Agent

--- Page 66 ---
59
in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include 
Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Notes to 
which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 13 (Replacement of 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons). Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Conditions, be 
deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date or the Specified Interest Payment Date (as the case 
may be) on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
10. 
Taxation 
All amounts payable (whether in respect of principal, redemption amount, interest or otherwise) 
in respect of the Notes will be made free and clear of and without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of The Netherlands or the Kingdom of Spain, as the case 
may be, or any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges is required by law or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the Code. In that event, the Issuer, failing which the Guarantor, will pay such additional 
amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts receivable by any Noteholder after 
such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would have been 
receivable by such Noteholder in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no 
such additional amounts shall be payable in relation to any payment in respect of any Notes 
or Coupon: 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Notes by reason of it having 
some connection with The Netherlands or, as applicable, the Kingdom of Spain other 
than the mere holding of such Notes or Coupon; or 
(b) 
presented for payment more than thirty days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent 
that the relevant Noteholder would have been entitled to such additional amounts on 
presenting the same for payment on the expiry of such period of thirty days; or 
(c) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet Bronbelasting 2021); 
(d) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, “Relevant Date” means, in respect of any payment, 
the date on which such payment first becomes due and payable, but if the full amount of 
the moneys payable has not been received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it 
means the first date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received 
and being available for payment to Noteholders, notice to that effect shall have been duly 
given to the Noteholders of the relevant Series in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
If the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, becomes subject at any time to any 
taxing jurisdiction other than or in addition to The Netherlands or the Kingdom of Spain, 
as the case may be, references herein to The Netherlands and the Kingdom of Spain 
respectively shall be read and construed as references to The Netherlands or the Kingdom 
of Spain, as the case may be, and/or to such other jurisdiction. 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal, redemption amount and/or interest in 
respect of the Notes shall be deemed also to refer to any additional amounts which may 
be payable under this Condition 10. 
11. 
Events of Default 
The following events or circumstances (each an “Event of Default”) shall be acceleration events 
in relation to the Notes of any Series, namely:

--- Page 67 ---
60
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes 
within 7 days of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest 
in respect of the Notes within 14 days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer or the Guarantor defaults in the performance or 
observance of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Deed of 
Guarantee and such default remains unremedied for 30 days after written notice thereof, 
addressed to the Issuer and the Guarantor by any Noteholder, has been delivered to the 
Issuer and the Guarantor or to the specified office of the Agent; or 
(c) 
Cross-default of the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Principal Subsidiary: (i) any Relevant 
Indebtedness (as defined in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or any of their respective Principal Subsidiaries is not paid when due or (as the case may 
be) within any originally applicable grace period; (ii) any such Relevant Indebtedness 
becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due and payable prior to its stated 
maturity otherwise than at the option of the Issuer, the Guarantor or (as the case may be) 
the relevant Principal Subsidiary or (provided that no event of default, howsoever 
described, has occurred) any person entitled to such Relevant Indebtedness; or (iii) the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Principal Subsidiaries fails to pay when 
due any amount payable by it under any Guarantee of any Relevant Indebtedness, 
provided that the amount of Relevant Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or 
sub-paragraph (ii) above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in 
sub-paragraph (iii) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds €75,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgement: one or more judgement(s) or order(s) for the payment of any 
amount is rendered against the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Principal 
Subsidiaries (if any) and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days after 
the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment, provided that the 
amount subject of such judgement(s) or order(s), individually or in the aggregate, exceeds 
€75,000,000; or 
(e) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other 
similar officer is appointed, of the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and 
revenues of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Principal Subsidiaries (if 
any), provided that the individual or aggregate value of all undertaking, assets and 
revenues subject to such enforcement exceeds €75,000,000; or 
(f) 
Insolvency, etc.: (i) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Principal 
Subsidiaries (if any) becomes insolvent, is adjudicated bankrupt (or applies for an order 
of bankruptcy) or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or 
liquidator of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Principal Subsidiaries (if 
any) or of the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of their respective Principal Subsidiaries (if any) is appointed (or 
application for any such appointment is made), (iii) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of 
their respective Principal Subsidiaries (if any) takes any action for a readjustment or 
deferment of any of its obligations generally or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a general 
moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness 
given by it or (iv) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Principal 
Subsidiaries (if any) ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its 
business (otherwise than, in the case of a Principal Subsidiary of the Issuer (if any) or a 
Principal Subsidiary of the Guarantor (other than the Issuer), for the purposes of, or 
pursuant to, an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(g) 
Winding up, etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding 
up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective 
Principal Subsidiaries (if any) (otherwise than, in the case of a Principal Subsidiary of 
the Issuer (if any) or a Principal Subsidiary of the Guarantor, for the purposes of or 
pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or

--- Page 68 ---
61
(h) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of The Netherlands or the 
Kingdom of Spain has an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs 
(d) to (g) above including, but not limited to, surseance van betaling and concurso 
respectively; or 
(i) 
Failure to take action, etc.: any action, condition or thing at any time required to be 
taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer and the Guarantor lawfully to enter 
into, exercise their respective rights and perform and comply with their respective 
obligations under and in respect of the Notes and the Deed of Guarantee, (ii) to ensure 
that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes, 
the Receipts, the Coupons and the Guarantee admissible in evidence in the courts of The 
Netherlands and the Kingdom of Spain is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(j) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or 
comply with any of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Deed of 
Guarantee; or 
(k) 
Deed of Guarantee not in force: the Deed of Guarantee is not (or is claimed by the 
Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect; or 
(l) 
Controlling shareholder: the Issuer ceases to be wholly-owned and controlled by the 
Guarantor. 
If any Event of Default shall occur in relation to any Series of Notes, any Noteholder of the relevant 
Series may, by written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, at the specified office of the Agent, 
declare that such Note and (if the Note is interest-bearing) all interest then accrued on such Note 
shall be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall become immediately due and 
payable at its early termination amount (the “Early Termination Amount”) (which shall be its 
principal amount or such other Early Termination Amount as may be specified in or determined 
in accordance with the relevant Final Terms) less, in the case of any Instalment Note, the aggregate 
amount of all instalments that shall have become due and payable in respect of such Note under 
any other Condition prior to the date fixed for redemption (which amount, if and to the extent not 
then paid, remains due and payable), together with all interest (if any) accrued thereon without 
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which the Issuer will expressly 
waive, anything contained in such Notes to the contrary notwithstanding, unless, prior thereto, all 
Events of Default in respect of the Notes of the relevant Series shall have been cured. 
In these Conditions: 
“Group” means the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries from time to time; and 
“Principal Subsidiary” means, at any time, a Subsidiary of the Guarantor whose total assets, 
income before taxes or sales (excluding intra-group items) then equal or exceed ten per cent. (10%) 
of the total assets, income before taxes or sales of the Group (on a consolidated basis) and, for this 
purpose: 
(a) 
the total assets, income before taxes and sales of a Subsidiary of the Guarantor will be 
determined from its financial statements (consolidated if it has Subsidiaries) upon which 
the latest annual audited financial statements of the Group have been based; 
(b) 
if a Subsidiary of the Guarantor becomes a member of the Group after the date on which 
the latest audited financial statements of the Group have been prepared, the total assets, 
income before taxes and sales of that Subsidiary will be determined from its latest annual 
financial statements; 
(c) 
the total assets, income before taxes and sales of the Group will be determined from its 
latest annual audited financial statements, adjusted (where appropriate) to reflect the total 
assets, income before taxes and sales of any company or business subsequently acquired 
or disposed of; and 
(d) 
if a Principal Subsidiary disposes of all or substantially all of its assets to another 
Subsidiary of the Guarantor, the disposing Subsidiary will immediately cease to be 
Principal Subsidiary and the other Subsidiary (if it is not already) will immediately

--- Page 69 ---
62
become a Principal Subsidiary and, for the avoidance of doubt, the subsequent financial 
statements of those Subsidiaries and the Group will be used to determine whether those 
Subsidiaries are Principal Subsidiaries or not. 
A report by the Directors of the Guarantor that, in their opinion, a Subsidiary of the Guarantor is 
or is not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Principal 
Subsidiary, accompanied by a report by the Auditors addressed to the Directors of the Guarantor 
as to proper extraction of the figures used by the Directors of the Guarantor in determining the 
Principal Subsidiaries of the Guarantor and mathematical accuracy of the calculations shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders. 
12. 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions (which shall have effect as if incorporated by 
reference herein) for convening meetings (which may be physical or virtual meetings, including 
meetings held by conference call or on a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders of any 
Series to consider any matter affecting their interests, including (without limitation) the 
modification by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined below) of these Conditions. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders of any Series will be binding 
on all Noteholders of such Series, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all holders 
of Coupons relating to Notes of such Series. 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly 
convened and held by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the persons voting 
thereat upon a show of hands or if a poll be duly demanded then by a majority consisting of not 
less than 75 per cent. of the votes given on such poll. 
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal value of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as 
valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in a single document or in 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
13. 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Agent in London (or such other place as may be notified 
to the Noteholders), subject to all applicable laws and listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system requirements upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer and the 
Guarantor may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must 
be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14. 
Prescription 
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period 
of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date 
(as defined in Condition 10 (Taxation)) therefor.  
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 14 or Condition 
7(b) (Presentation of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons) or any Talon which would be void 
pursuant to Condition 7(b) (Presentation of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons). 
15. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Notes shall be valid if published in one or more leading English language 
daily newspapers with circulation in the United Kingdom (which is expected to be the Financial 
Times) and, so long as the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and the rules of that stock exchange so require, published either on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, if such publication shall not be 
practicable, in an English language newspaper of general circulation in Europe. Any such notice

--- Page 70 ---
63
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once 
or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any global Note is held 
in its entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg be substituted for such 
publication as aforesaid the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for communication by them to the Noteholders in accordance with their respective 
rules and operating procedures. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Noteholders on the day on which the notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as appropriate. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a global 
Note, such notice may be given by any Noteholder to the Agent via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders to create 
and issue further notes ranking pari passu in all respects (or in all respects save for the first 
payment of interest thereon) with the outstanding Notes and so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single series with the outstanding Notes. 
17. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may with respect to any Series of Notes issued by the Issuer 
(the “Relevant Notes”) without the consent of any Noteholder, substitute for the Issuer 
any other body corporate incorporated in any country in the world as the debtor in respect 
of the Notes and the Agency Agreement (the “Substituted Debtor”) upon notice by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and the Substituted Debtor to be given by publication in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices), provided that: 
(i) 
neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor are in default in respect of any amount 
payable under any of the Relevant Notes; 
(ii) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Substituted Debtor have entered into such 
documents (the “Documents”) as are necessary to give effect to the substitution 
and in which the Substituted Debtor has undertaken in favour of each 
Noteholder of the Relevant Notes to be bound by these Conditions and the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement as the debtor in respect of such Notes in 
place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition 17); 
(iii) 
if the Substituted Debtor is resident for tax purposes in a territory (the “New 
Residence”) other than that in which the Issuer prior to such substitution was 
resident for tax purposes (the “Former Residence”) the Documents contain an 
undertaking and/or such other provisions as may be necessary to ensure that 
each Noteholder of the Relevant Notes has the benefit of an undertaking in terms 
corresponding to the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation), with, where 
applicable, the substitution of references to the Former Residence with 
references to the New Residence; 
(iv) 
the Guarantor guarantees the obligations of the Substituted Debtor in relation to 
outstanding Relevant Notes; 
(v) 
the Substituted Debtor, the Issuer and the Guarantor have obtained all necessary 
governmental approvals and consents for such substitution and for the 
performance by the Substituted Debtor of its obligations under the Documents 
and for the performance by the Guarantor of its obligations under the Guarantee 
as they relate to the obligations of the Substituted Debtor under the Documents;

--- Page 71 ---
64
(vi) 
each stock exchange on which the Relevant Notes are listed shall have 
confirmed that, following the proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor, 
the Relevant Notes will continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(vii) 
a legal opinion shall have been delivered to the Agent (from whom copies will 
be available) from lawyers of recognised standing in the country of 
incorporation of the Substituted Debtor, confirming, as appropriate, that upon 
the substitution taking place (A) the requirements of this Condition 17, save as 
to the giving of notice to the Noteholders have been met and (B) the Notes, 
Coupons and Talons are legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substituted 
Debtor enforceable in accordance with their terms; 
(viii) 
any Rating Agency which has issued a rating in connection with the Relevant 
Notes shall have confirmed that following the proposed substitution of the 
Substituted Debtor, the credit rating of the Relevant Notes will not be adversely 
affected; and 
(ix) 
if applicable, the Substituted Debtor has appointed a process agent as its agent 
in England to receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal 
proceedings in England arising out of or in connection with the Relevant Notes 
and any Coupons. 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Documents and the delivery of the legal opinions, the 
Substituted Debtor shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right 
and power, of the Issuer under the Relevant Notes and the Agency Agreement with the 
same effect as if the Substituted Debtor had been named as the Issuer herein, and the 
Issuer shall be released from its obligations under the Relevant Notes and under the 
Agency Agreement. 
(c) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 17(a), the Substituted Debtor may, without the 
consent of any Noteholder, effect a further substitution. All the provisions specified in 
Condition 17(a) and 17(b) shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in these 
Conditions to the Issuer shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or include 
references to any such further Substituted Debtor. 
(d) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 17(a) or 17(c) any Substituted Debtor may, 
without the consent of any Noteholder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
(e) 
The Documents shall be delivered to, and kept by, the Agent. Copies of the Documents 
will be available free of charge at the specified office of each of the Agents. 
18. 
Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed of Guarantee and the Notes and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law, save for Condition 3 (Status of the Deed of Guarantee) 
which shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Spanish law. The Issuer 
and the Guarantor irrevocably agree for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts of England 
shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceedings, and to settle any 
disputes (together, “Proceedings”), which may arise out of, or in connection with, the Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed of Guarantee and the Notes and, for such purpose, 
irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally waive and agree not to raise any 
objection which any of them may have now or subsequently to the laying of the venue of any 
Proceedings in the courts of England and any claim that any Proceedings have been brought in an 
inconvenient forum and further irrevocably and unconditionally agree that a judgement in any 
Proceedings brought in the courts of England shall be conclusive and binding upon each of them 
and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. Nothing in this Condition shall limit 
any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude 
the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not.

--- Page 72 ---
65
The Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally appoint Law Debenture Corporate 
Services Limited at 8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London, EC2N 4AG, United Kingdom, as agent 
for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings in England and undertake that in 
the event of it ceasing so to act the Issuer and the Guarantor will forthwith appoint a further person 
as their agent for that purpose and notify the name and address of such person to the Agent and 
agree that, failing such appointment within fifteen days, any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint 
such a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and the Guarantor and delivered to the 
Issuer and the Guarantor or to the specified office of the Agent. Nothing contained herein shall 
affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
19. 
Rights of Third Parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Notes under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 73 ---
66
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NOTES ISSUED BY THE ISSUER ON OR 
FOLLOWING THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF CONVERSION 
For any Notes issued by the Issuer on or following the Effective Date of Conversion (as defined in 
“Conversion of Naturgy Finance B.V.”) the following terms and conditions will be used.  
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, subject to completion in accordance 
with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form 
issued by the Issuer under the Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in 
global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in 
definitive form to the extent described in the Base Prospectus dated 15 December 2023 relating 
to the Notes, under “Form of the Notes”. 
Naturgy Finance Iberia, S.A. (the “Issuer”) has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to €12,000,000,000 in aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes (the “Notes”) guaranteed by Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of final 
terms (the “Final Terms”) which completes these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”). The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms. All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” 
are to the Notes which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. The Notes are the subject of an 
amended and restated agency agreement dated on or about 15 December 2023 (the “Agency 
Agreement”, which expression shall include any further amendments or supplements thereto) and 
made between the Issuer, Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. as Guarantor (the “Guarantor”), Citibank, 
N.A., London Branch in its capacity as Agent (the “Agent” or “Calculation Agent”, which 
expressions shall include any successor to Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its capacity as such) 
and the Paying Agents named therein (the “Paying Agents”, which expression shall include the 
Agent and any substitute or additional Paying Agents appointed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement). The Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons (each as defined below) also have the 
benefit of a deed of covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”, which expression shall include any 
amendments or supplements thereto) dated on or about 15 December 2023 executed by the Issuer 
in relation to the Notes. The Guarantor has, for the benefit of the holders of the Notes from time 
to time (the “Noteholders”), executed and delivered a deed of guarantee (the “Deed of 
Guarantee”) dated on or about 15 December 2023 under which it has guaranteed the due and 
punctual payment of all amounts due by the Issuer under the Notes and the Deed of Covenant as 
and when the same shall become due and payable. If so required by Spanish law, the Issuer will 
execute an escritura pública (the “Public Deed”) before a Spanish Notary Public in relation to the 
Notes and will register such Public Deed with the Mercantile Registry of Madrid on or prior to the 
issue date of the Notes. The Public Deed contains, among other information, the terms and 
conditions of the Notes. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) have 
interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, if indicated in the applicable Final Terms, talons for further 
Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless 
the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Definitive 
Notes repayable in instalments have receipts (“Receipts”) for the payment of the instalments of 
principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. 
Copies of the Deed of Covenant, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee and the Final 
Terms applicable to the Notes are available for inspection during normal business hours at the 
specified office of each of the Paying Agents. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com. All persons from 
time to time entitled to the benefit of obligations under any Notes are deemed to have notice of, 
and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Deed of Covenant, the Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee and the applicable Final Terms, which are binding on them. 
Words and expressions defined in the Deed of Covenant, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Guarantee or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these

--- Page 74 ---
67
Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in 
the event of inconsistency, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered in the Specified 
Currency and the Specified Denomination(s), provided that in the case of any Notes which are to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the 
public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified 
Denomination shall be euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue 
of those Notes). Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another 
Denomination. 
So long as the Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note and 
the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, the Notes will be tradeable only (a) if the Specified 
Denomination stated in the relevant Final Terms is “euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency)”, in the authorised denomination of euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) 
and integral multiples of euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) thereafter, or (b) if 
the Specified Denomination stated in the relevant Final Terms is “euro 100,000 (or its equivalent 
in another currency) and integral multiples of euro 1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) 
in excess thereof”, in the minimum authorised denomination of euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in 
another currency) and higher integral multiples of euro 1,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency), notwithstanding that no definitive Notes will be issued with a denomination above euro 
199,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery. Subject 
as set out below, the Issuer, the Guarantor, and any Paying Agent may deem and treat (and no such 
person will be liable for so deeming and treating) the bearer of any Note, Receipt or Coupon as 
the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership 
or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case 
of any global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note, each person who is for the time 
being shown in the records of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) or of Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) as the holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes (in 
which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be deemed to be the holder of 
such nominal amount of Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal 
or interest on the Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant global Note shall be deemed 
to be the holder of such nominal amount of Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of 
the relevant global Note (and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly). Notes which are represented by a global Note will be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context 
so permits, except in relation to Notes issued in NGN form, be deemed to include a reference to 
any additional or alternative clearance system approved by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Agent. 
2. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and the relative Receipts and Coupons (if any) are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer ranking pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and (subject to any applicable statutory 
exceptions) at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. 
Holders of Notes acknowledge that all Notes issued or to be issued by the Issuer under the 
Programme shall rank pari passu among themselves regardless of their respective issue date.

--- Page 75 ---
68
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, under the Spanish Recast Insolvency Law 
approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (as amended and restated pursuant to 
Law 16/2022, of 5 September, the “Spanish Recast Insolvency Law”), claims relating to the 
Notes (unless they qualify by law as subordinated credits under Article 281.1 of the Spanish Recast 
Insolvency Law) will be ordinary credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Spanish Recast 
Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits rank below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra 
la masa) and credits with a general or special privilege (créditos con privilegio general o 
especial). Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits and the rights of shareholders. 
Interest on the Notes (other than interest accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount equal 
to the lower of the value of the asset subject to the security or the maximum secured liability under 
the relevant security) accrued but unpaid as at the commencement of any insolvency proceeding 
(concurso) relating to the Issuer under Spanish law shall thereupon constitute subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking below its unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. Under 
Spanish law, accrual of interest on the Notes (other than interest accruing under secured liabilities 
up to an amount equal to the lower of the value of the asset subject to the security or the maximum 
secured liability under the relevant security) shall be suspended as from the date of any 
declaration of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer. 
3. 
Status of the Deed of Guarantee 
The payment of principal and interest together with all other sums payable by the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes has been unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor. The 
obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the 
Guarantor and (subject to any applicable statutory exceptions) rank pari passu with all other 
present and future outstanding, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Guarantor, under the Spanish Recast Insolvency Law, 
claims under the Guarantee relating to the Notes (unless they qualify by law as subordinated 
credits under Article 281.1 of the Spanish Recast Insolvency Law) will be ordinary credits 
(créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Spanish Recast Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits rank 
below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and credits with a general 
or special privilege (créditos con privilegio general o especial). Ordinary credits rank above 
subordinated credits and the rights of shareholders. Interest on the Notes (other than interest 
accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount equal to the lower of the value of the asset 
subject to the security or the maximum secured liability under the relevant security) accrued but 
unpaid as at the commencement of any insolvency proceeding (concurso) relating to the Issuer 
under Spanish law shall thereupon constitute subordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking below 
its unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. Under Spanish law, accrual of interest on the Notes 
(other than interest accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount equal to the lower of the 
value of the asset subject to the security or the maximum secured liability under the relevant 
security) shall be suspended as from the date of any declaration of insolvency (concurso) of the 
Issuer. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement): 
(a) 
neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall create or permit to subsist any Security Interest 
(other than a Permitted Security Interest) upon the whole or any part of its present or 
future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Relevant Indebtedness; and 
(b) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall procure that none of their respective Subsidiaries will 
create or permit to subsist any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security Interest) 
upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues 
(including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any 
Relevant Indebtedness, 
without at the same time or prior thereto (i) securing the Notes and/or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor’s obligations under the Deed of Guarantee, equally and rateably therewith or (ii) 
providing such other security for the Notes and/or, as the case may be, the Guarantor’s obligations

--- Page 76 ---
69
under the Deed of Guarantee, as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in 
the Agency Agreement) of Noteholders. 
In these Conditions: 
“Guarantee” means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another 
Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or 
to purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such 
Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such 
Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including 
(without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, 
in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be 
treated as finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the 
payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward 
sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
“Permitted Security Interest” means: 
(a) 
in relation to the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries: 
(i) 
any Security Interest arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of 
business of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries which does not (either alone or 
together with any one or more other such Security Interests) materially impair 
the operation of such business and which has not been enforced against the 
assets to which it attaches; and  
(ii) 
any Security Interest that does not fall within sub-paragraph (A) above and that 
secures Relevant Indebtedness which, when aggregated with Relevant 
Indebtedness secured by all other Security Interests permitted under this sub-
paragraph, does not exceed euro 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies); and 
(b) 
in relation to the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries: 
(i) 
any Security Interest in existence on 17 November 2005 to the extent that it 
secures Relevant Indebtedness outstanding on such date; 
(ii) 
any Security Interest arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of 
business of the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries which does not (either alone 
or together with any one or more other such Security Interests) materially impair 
the operation of such business and which has not been enforced against the 
assets to which it attaches; 
(iii) 
any Security Interest to secure Project Finance Debt;

--- Page 77 ---
70
(iv) 
any Security Interest created in respect of Relevant Indebtedness of an entity 
that has merged with, or has been acquired (whether in whole or in part) by, the 
Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries, provided that such Security Interest: 
(A) 
was in existence at the time of such merger or acquisition;  
(B) 
was not created for the purpose of providing security in respect of the 
financing of such merger or acquisition; and  
(C) 
is not increased in amount or otherwise extended following such 
merger or acquisition other than pursuant to a legal or contractual 
obligation (x) which was assumed (by operation of law, agreement or 
otherwise) prior to such merger or acquisition by an entity which, at 
such time, was not a Subsidiary of the Guarantor, and (y) which 
remains legally binding on such entity at the time of such merger or 
acquisition; and 
(v) 
any Security Interest that does not fall within sub-paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) 
above and that secures Relevant Indebtedness which, when aggregated with 
Relevant Indebtedness secured by all other Security Interests permitted under 
this sub-paragraph, does not exceed euro 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies); 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
“Project Finance Assets” means the assets (including, for the avoidance of doubt, shares (or other 
interests)) of a Project Finance Entity; 
“Project Finance Entity” means any entity in which the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries holds 
an interest whose only assets and business are constituted by: (i) the ownership, creation, 
development, construction, improvement, exploitation or operation of one or more of such entity’s 
assets, or (ii) shares (or other interests) in the capital of other entities that satisfy limb (i) of this 
definition; 
“Project Finance Debt” means any Relevant Indebtedness: 
(a) 
incurred by a Project Finance Entity in respect of the activities of such entity or another 
Project Finance Entity in which it holds shares (or other interests); or 
(b) 
any Subsidiary formed exclusively for the purpose of financing a Project Finance Entity, 
where, in each case, the holders of such Relevant Indebtedness have no recourse against the 
Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries (or its or their respective assets), except for recourse to (y) the 
Project Finance Assets of such Project Finance Entities; and (z) in the case of (b) above only, the 
Subsidiary incurring such Relevant Indebtedness. 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any 
bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is 
capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market 
(including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market); 
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
and 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”) at any particular time, any 
other Person (the “second Person”): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether 
by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or

--- Page 78 ---
71
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, fully consolidated with those of the first Person. 
5. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
(i) 
Each Fixed Rate Note shall bear interest on its nominal amount from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date (which shall be the date of issue 
thereof or such other date as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) in 
respect thereof at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate(s) of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms and on the Maturity Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms if that date does not fall on an Interest 
Payment Date. 
(ii) 
The first payment of interest will be made on the Interest Payment Date next 
following the Interest Commencement Date and, if the period between the 
Interest Commencement Date and the first Interest Payment Date is different 
from the periods between Interest Payment Dates, will amount to the initial 
Broken Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. If the Maturity Date is 
not an Interest Payment Date, interest from, and including, the preceding Interest 
Payment Date (or from the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be) 
to, but excluding, the Maturity Date will amount to the final Broken Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an 
Interest Payment Date, such interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest to each Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable 
Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of 
the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will 
amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so 
specified.  
If interest is required to be calculated for a period of other than a full year, such 
interest shall be calculated using the applicable Day Count Fraction pursuant to 
Condition 5(e) (Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest 
Amount). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(i) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and such interest will be payable in arrear on each interest payment 
date (each a “Specified Interest Payment Date”) which (save as otherwise 
mentioned in these Conditions or the applicable Final Terms) falls the number 
of months or other period specified as the Interest Period in the applicable Final 
Terms after the preceding Specified Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the 
First Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
If a business day convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if 
any Specified Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not 
a Business Day (as defined below), then, if the business day convention 
specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Interest Periods are specified in accordance 
with Condition 5(b)(i) above, the Floating Rate Convention, 
such Specified Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the

--- Page 79 ---
72
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such 
Specified Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each 
subsequent Specified Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the number of months 
or other period specified as the Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms after the preceding applicable Specified Interest 
Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Specified 
Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such 
Specified Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Specified 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Specified 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
“Business Day” means:  
(a) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday 
or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in the principal financial centre for such currency; 
and/or  
(b) 
in the case of euro, any day on which the T2 (as defined in Condition 
5(b)(iv)) is open for the settlement of payments (a “TARGET 
Business Day”); and/or  
(c) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the 
Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of 
the Business Centres.  
(ii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) provided that in any 
circumstances where under the ISDA Definitions the Calculation Agent would 
be required to exercise any discretion, including the selection of any reference 
banks and seeking quotations from reference banks, when calculating the 
relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant determination(s) which require the Calculation 
Agent to exercise its discretion shall instead be made by the Issuer or its 
designee. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (iii), “ISDA Rate” for an 
Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent or other person specified in the applicable Final Terms 
under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent or that other

--- Page 80 ---
73
person were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions, and under which: 
(x) 
if the Final Terms specify either the “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 
ISDA Definitions” as the applicable ISDA Definitions:  
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions) is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions), if applicable, is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions) unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions; 
and  
(D) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating 
Rate Option (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions), 
Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms and:  
(I) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
Lookback is the number of the Applicable Business 
Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(II) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is 
specified as the Compounding Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, (a) Observation Period Shift is 
the number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and (b) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days 
(as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or 
(III)  
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
(a) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and (b) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, 
are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating 
Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging 
is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and:  
(I) 
Averaging with Lookback is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(II) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified 
as the Averaging Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant

--- Page 81 ---
74
Final Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; or 
(III) 
Averaging with Lockout is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) 
Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and (b) Lockout Period 
Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) and Index 
Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift shall be applicable and, (a) Observation Period 
Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days 
(as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions) are the days, if applicable, specified in the 
relevant Final Terms);  
(y) 
references in the relevant ISDA Definitions to:  
(A) 
“Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
“Calculation Period” shall be deemed to be references to the 
relevant Interest Period;  
(C) 
“Termination Date” shall be deemed to be references to the 
Maturity Date; and 
(D) 
“Effective Date” shall be deemed to be references to the 
Interest Commencement Date;  
(z) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify the “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the 
applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and  
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback for any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-
Publication – Alternative Rate” in the Floating Rate Matrix of 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions, the reference to “Calculation 
Agent Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition of 
“Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate” shall be 
replaced by “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous 
Day’s Rate”. 
Where this sub-paragraph (iii) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest 
Period, the Calculation Agent will be deemed to have discharged its obligations 
under paragraph (e) below in respect of the determination of the Rate of Interest 
if it has determined the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period in the 
manner provided in this sub-paragraph (iii). 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of the issue 
of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of 
which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org);

--- Page 82 ---
75
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest 
version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each 
Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche 
of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
and 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the 
Relevant Screen Page (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms)), expressed as a percentage rate per annum; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fourth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards) of the 
offered quotations (expressed as a percentage rate per annum), 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for that Interest Period which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00a.m. (London 
time or, where the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If 
five or more such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no 
such quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three of such 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at such time, the Issuer or an agent on 
its behalf shall request the principal London office of each of the Reference 
Banks (as defined below) or, in the case of the determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal office of each of four EURIBOR Reference Banks (as defined below) 
to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for the 
relevant Interest Period to leading banks in the London inter-bank market (or, in 
the case of the determination of EURIBOR, where the Reference Rate of 
EURIBOR is used for Notes denominated or payable in euro, the Eurozone 
interbank market) as at 11.00 a.m. (London time or, where the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR, Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If 
two or more of the Reference Banks or, as the case may be, EURIBOR 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
or, as the case may be, EURIBOR Reference Banks, provides the Calculation 
Agent with such an offered quotation as provided above, the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
the rates, as communicated to the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or, 
as the case may be, EURIBOR Reference Banks, or any two or more of them, 
at which such banks were offered, as at 11.00a.m. (London time or, where the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, Brussels time) on the relevant Interest

--- Page 83 ---
76
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest 
Period by leading banks in the London inter-bank market (or, in the case of the 
determination of EURIBOR, where the Reference Rate of EURIBOR is used for 
Notes denominated or payable in euro, the Eurozone interbank market) plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) or, if 
fewer than two of the Reference Banks or, as the case may be, EURIBOR 
Reference Banks, provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest 
Period, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period, at which, 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank 
or banks is or are suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is 
quoting to leading banks in the London inter-bank market (or, in the case of the 
determination of EURIBOR, the Eurozone interbank market) (or, as the case 
may be, the quotations of such bank or banks to the Calculation Agent) plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), provided 
that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this sub-paragraph (iv), the Rate of Interest shall be the 
sum of the Margin and the offered rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic 
mean of the offered rates last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of 
the preceding Interest Period. 
In these Conditions: 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of (A) above, those banks whose offered rate was 
used to determine such quotation when such quotation last appeared on the Relevant 
Screen Page and, in the case of (B) above, those banks whose offered quotations last 
appeared on the Relevant Screen Page when no fewer than three such offered quotations 
appeared; 
“EURIBOR Reference Bank” means a major bank operating in the Eurozone interbank 
market and “EURIBOR Reference Banks” shall be construed accordingly; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, 
(i) the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the 
second Business Day in London prior to the commencement of such Interest Period if the 
Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the second TARGET Business Day 
prior to the commencement of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is euro; and 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any 
successor system.  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is SONIA, the foregoing provisions of 
Condition 5(b)(iv) will not apply and the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA with respect to such 
Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable 
Margin (if any). 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period (with the 
daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where:

--- Page 84 ---
77
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day 
in the relevant Observation Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, means the 
number of calendar days from and including such day “i” up to but excluding the 
following London Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means the period from and including the date falling five London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest 
Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling five London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period (or the date falling five London Banking Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and 
as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, in each case (on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day); and 
“SONIAi” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i”, the SONIA reference rate 
for that day. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA 
only compounds the SONIA reference rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The 
SONIA reference rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken 
by applying the SONIA reference rate for the previous London Banking Day but without 
compounding. 
Subject to Condition 5(i), if, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant 
Observation Period, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA reference rate is 
not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors, the SONIA reference rate shall be: 
(a) 
the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread 
of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on 
which a SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread 
(or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) 
and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those 
lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate, each as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or 
(b) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on 
the relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA reference rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
reference rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
If the relevant Series become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11 (Events 
of Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms be deemed to be the date on

--- Page 85 ---
78
which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, 
for so long as any such Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(c) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such 
Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the due date for its redemption unless, upon 
due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such 
event, interest will continue to accrue thereon (as well after as before any demand or 
judgement) at the rate then applicable to the principal amount of the Notes or such other 
rate as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms until the date on which, upon (except 
in the case of any payment where presentation and/or surrender of the relevant Note is 
not required as a precondition of payment) due presentation of the relevant Note, the 
relevant payment is made or, if earlier (except in the case of any payment where 
presentation and/or surrender of the relevant Note is not required as a precondition of 
payment), the seventh day after the date on which the Agent having received the funds 
required to make such payment, notice is given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices) of that circumstance (except to the extent that there is failure in 
the subsequent payment thereof to the relevant Noteholder). 
(d) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of any such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the above provisions is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest. If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of any such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the above provisions is greater than such Maximum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest. 
(e) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount 
With respect to Floating Rate Notes, the Calculation Agent will, at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine 
the Rate of Interest and calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable 
in respect of any Notes in respect of each Calculation Amount (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) for the relevant Interest Period. 
Each Interest Amount for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes shall be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest to each Calculation Amount multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit 
of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the 
“Calculation Period”): 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366; and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360;

--- Page 86 ---
79
(d) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 –D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D2 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
In these Conditions “sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
(e) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction 
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 –D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(f) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:

--- Page 87 ---
80
Day Count Fraction 
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 –D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February; or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) such day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date; or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(g) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which it falls, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Calculation Period; and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods in any period of one year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, 
the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling 
in the Determination Period in which it begins divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Determination Period; and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods in any period of one year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling 
in the next Determination Period divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Determination Period; 
and (2) the number of Determination Periods in any period of 
one year. 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date;  
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date(s) or the Specified Interest Payment 
Dates, as the case may be; and 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the 
Notes and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 88 ---
81
(f) 
Change of Interest Basis 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
the Final Terms will indicate the relevant Interest Periods to which the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions or the Floating Rate Note Provisions shall apply. 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date or Specified Interest Payment 
Date, as the case may be, to be notified to the Issuer, the Guarantor and, if the Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange, quotation system or other relevant authority and the rules of 
such exchange, quotation system or other relevant authority so require, to any such 
relevant exchange, quotation system and/or other relevant authority, and to be published 
in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination 
but (i) in no event later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period thereafter, if 
determined prior to such time or (ii) in all other cases, as soon as practicable but in no 
event later than the fourth Business Day after such determination. Each Interest Amount 
and Interest Payment Date or Specified Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. If the Notes are listed on a stock exchange, quotation system or other 
relevant authority and the rules of such exchange, quotation system or other relevant 
authority so require, any such amendment will be promptly notified to any such relevant 
exchange, quotation system and/or other relevant authority. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5 shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Agent, the Paying Agents and all Noteholders and (in 
the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Noteholders shall 
attach to the Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by them of their 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(i) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(i)(ii)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Conditions 1.1(i)(iii)(iii) and 1.1(i)(iv)). In making such 
determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
5(i) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert. 
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 5(i).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(i) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in

--- Page 89 ---
82
place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Series for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to 
the first Interest Period). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above paragraph shall apply to the relevant next 
succeeding Interest Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual 
Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided 
in, the first paragraph of this Condition 1.1(i)(i).  
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, determines 
that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the 
applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 5(i)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, 
then such Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 5(i)).  
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, determines 
that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be), the Independent Adviser, following 
consultation with the Issuer, shall determine the quantum of, or the formula or 
methodology for determining, the Adjustment Spread and such Adjustment 
Spread shall then be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread.  
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(i) and the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the 
Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
1.1(i)(v) (Notices, etc.), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect 
to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice.

--- Page 90 ---
83
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
1.1(i)(iv), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which 
the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
The Paying Agents shall not be obliged to effect any Benchmark Amendment if 
in the sole opinion of the relevant Paying Agent doing so would impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities 
or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the 
relevant Paying Agent in these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement in any 
way. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5(i) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, 
in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(i), if following the 
determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is 
any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making 
any determination or calculation under this Condition 5(i), the Calculation 
Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the 
Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. 
If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is 
otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify 
the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make 
such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, 
wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so.  
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(i)(i) 
(Independent Adviser), (ii) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate), (iii) 
(Adjustment Spread) and (iv) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference 
Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5(b)(iv) (Screen Rate 
Determination for Floating Rate Notes) will continue to apply unless and until 
a Benchmark Event has occurred.  
(vii) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 5(i): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (i) a spread (which may be positive, negative or 
zero) or (ii) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(b) 
if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, 
the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, determines, is 
customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an 
industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or

--- Page 91 ---
84
(c) 
if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily 
applied, the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5(i)(ii) (Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate) is customarily applied in international debt capital markets 
transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1.1(i)(iv) 
(Benchmark Amendments); 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 
five (5) Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently 
or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be 
deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant 
underlying market; or  
(f) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer 
or any other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
using the Original Reference Rate;  
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (A) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (b) and (c) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, 
(B) in the case of sub-paragraph (d) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the 
Original Reference Rate and (C) in the case of sub-paragraph (e) above, on the date with 
effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by 
the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market 
and which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of 
the relevant public statement.  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer under Condition 1.1(i)(i) (Independent Adviser); 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (or, in each case any component thereof), 
as applicable; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable):

--- Page 92 ---
85
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof; 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note 
will be redeemed by the Issuer, failing which the Guarantor at its Final Redemption 
Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms 
in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (in the case of a Note other than a Floating Rate Note) or on the Specified Interest 
Payment Date falling in the Redemption Month specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(in the case of a Floating Rate Note). Such Final Redemption Amount in respect of any 
Note shall be its principal amount or such higher amount as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
If, in relation to any Series of Notes (i) as a result of any change in the laws or regulations 
of the Kingdom of Spain or of any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency 
therein or thereof having power to tax or in the interpretation or administration of any 
such laws or regulations which becomes effective on or after the date of issue of such 
Notes or any earlier date specified in the Final Terms the Issuer or the Guarantor, as 
applicable, would be required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 10 
(Taxation) and (ii) such circumstances are evidenced by the delivery by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, as applicable, to the Agent of a certificate signed by a director of the Issuer or 
two directors of the Guarantor, as applicable, stating that such circumstances prevail and 
describing the facts leading thereto and an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that such circumstances prevail, the Issuer may, at its 
option and having given no less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice (ending, in the 
case of Notes which bear interest at a floating rate, on a day upon which interest is 
payable) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes comprising 
the relevant Series at their early tax redemption amount (the “Early Redemption 
Amount Tax”) (which shall be their principal amount (or at such other Early Redemption 
Amount Tax) as may be specified in or determined in accordance with the relevant Final 
Terms) less, in the case of any Instalment Note, the aggregate amount of all instalments 
that shall have become due and payable in respect of such Note prior to the date fixed for 
redemption under any other Condition (which amount, if and to the extent not then paid, 
remains due and payable), together with accrued interest (if any) thereon, provided, 
however, that no such notice of redemption may be given earlier than 90 days (or, in the 
case of Notes which bear interest at a floating rate a number of days which is equal to the 
aggregate of the number of days falling within the then current interest period applicable 
to the Notes plus 60 days) prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer or the Guarantor, 
as applicable, would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect 
of the Notes then due. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer

--- Page 93 ---
86
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
may, having (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) given not more 
than 60 nor less than 30 days’ notice to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all or some only 
of the Notes then outstanding on the Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date(s). In the event of a redemption of some only of 
the Notes, such redemption must be of a nominal amount being the Minimum 
Redemption Amount or a Maximum Redemption Amount, both as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, and shall be carried out in accordance with applicable Spanish 
law requirements. In the case of a partial redemption of definitive Notes, the Notes to be 
redeemed will be selected individually by lot, subject to compliance with applicable law 
(including applicable Spanish law requirements) and the rules of each listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation, not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed 
for redemption and a list of the Notes called for redemption will be published in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) not less than 30 days prior to such date. In the 
case of a partial redemption of Notes which are represented by a global Note, the relevant 
Notes will be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). 
(d) 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) (which notice shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption (the “Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption 
Date”)), redeem all (but not only some) of the outstanding Notes comprising the relevant 
Series at their principal amount together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the 
Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption Date, which shall be no earlier than (i) three 
months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity of not more than 
ten years, (ii) six months before the Maturity Date in respect of Notes having a maturity 
of more than ten years, or (iii) as otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms (each 
such period, the “Maturity Call Option Redemption Period”).  
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than ten years or 
the maturity of more than ten years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the relevant Series of Notes. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(e) 
Redemption following a Substantial Purchase Event 
If a Substantial Purchase Event is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable and a 
Substantial Purchase Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject 
to having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Agent, and, in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), redeem the Notes comprising the relevant Series in whole, but not in part, 
in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in each case at their principal amount, 
together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
a “Substantial Purchase Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if at least 75 per cent. 
of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series originally issued 
(which for these purposes shall include any further Notes of the same Series issued 
subsequently) is purchased or redeemed by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary

--- Page 94 ---
87
of the Guarantor (and in each case is cancelled in accordance with Condition 6(l) 
(Cancellation)); 
(f) 
Make-Whole Redemption 
If a Make-Whole Redemption is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
then the Issuer may, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives and on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Agent, and, 
in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders redeem the Notes comprising 
the relevant Series, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time (but no later than 
the Residual Maturity Call Option Redemption Date (as defined in Condition 6(d) 
(Residual Maturity Call Option) above) if applicable), prior to their Maturity Date (the 
“Make-Whole Redemption Date”) at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount (as 
defined below). 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed 
Notes”) will (i) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be 
selected individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption 
and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note, be selected in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected 
in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), in each case of (i) and (ii) above, always 
subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. In the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of 
such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) not 
less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Amount” means in respect of any Notes to be redeemed an 
amount, calculated by, at the election of the Issuer, a leading investment, merchant or 
commercial bank or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer for the purposes of calculating the relevant amount, and notified 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), equal to the greater of (x) 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum of the 
then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such 
Notes until (A) if the Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the first day of the relevant Maturity Call Option Redemption 
Period or (B) in all other cases, the Maturity Date (in each case not including any interest 
accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date) 
discounted to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Make-
Whole Redemption Rate (specified in the relevant Final Terms) plus a Make-Whole 
Redemption Margin (specified in the relevant Final Terms), plus in each case of (x) and 
(y) above, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders 
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, upon any 
Noteholder giving to the Issuer and the Guarantor in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices) not more than 60 nor less than 30 days’ notice (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem subject to, and in 
accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms in whole (but not in 
part) such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms 
together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. 
(h) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control 
If a Change of Control Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable and a Change of Control occurs and, during the Change of Control Period, a 
Rating Downgrade occurs (together, a “Change of Control Event”), each holder of 
Notes will have the option (the “Change of Control Put Option”) to require the Issuer

--- Page 95 ---
88
to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, to procure the purchase of such Notes on the Change 
of Control Redemption Date at the Change of Control Redemption Amount.  
A “Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred at each time that any person 
or persons acting in concert (“Relevant Persons”) or any person or persons acting on 
behalf of such Relevant Persons, acquire(s) control, directly or indirectly, of the 
Guarantor. 
“control” means: (a) the acquisition or control of more than 50 per cent. of the voting 
rights of the issued share capital of the Guarantor; or (b) the right to appoint and/or 
remove all or the majority of the members of the Guarantor’s Board of Directors or other 
governing body, whether obtained directly or indirectly, whether obtained by ownership 
of share capital, the possession of voting rights, contract or otherwise. 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the date on which the 
relevant Change of Control occurs or the date of the first relevant Potential Change of 
Control Announcement, whichever is the earlier, and ending on the date which is 90 days 
after the date of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control. 
“Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public announcement or 
statement by the Issuer or any actual or bona fide potential bidder relating to any potential 
Change of Control. 
“Rating Agency” means any of the following: (a) Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, a 
division of The McGraw Hill Companies, Inc. (“S&P”); (b) Moody’s Investors Service 
Limited (“Moody’s”); (c) Fitch Ratings Ltd (“Fitch Ratings”); or (d) any other credit 
rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from time to time by the 
Issuer and, in each case, their respective successors or affiliates. 
A “Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of 
Control if, within the Change of Control Period, the rating previously assigned to the 
Guarantor is lowered by at least two full rating notches (by way of example, BB+ to BB-
, in the case of S&P) (a “downgrade”) or withdrawn, in each case, by the requisite 
number of Rating Agencies (as defined below), and is not, within the Change of Control 
Period, subsequently upgraded (in the case of a downgrade) or reinstated (in the case of 
a withdrawal) to its earlier credit rating or better, such that there is no longer a downgrade 
or withdrawal by the requisite number of Rating Agencies. For these purposes, the 
“requisite number of Rating Agencies” shall mean (i) at least two Rating Agencies, if, 
at the time of the rating downgrade or withdrawal, three or more Rating Agencies have 
assigned a credit rating to the Guarantor, or (ii) at least one Rating Agency if, at the time 
of the rating downgrade or withdrawal, fewer than three Rating Agencies have assigned 
a credit rating to the Guarantor. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred 
in respect of a particular Change of Control if (a) following such a downgrade, the 
Guarantor is still assigned an Investment Grade Rating by one or more of the Rating 
Agencies effecting the downgrade, or (b) the Rating Agencies effecting the downgrade 
or withdrawing their rating do not publicly announce or otherwise confirm in writing to 
the Issuer that such reduction or withdrawal was the result, in whole or part, of any event 
or circumstance comprised in, or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable 
Change of Control. 
“Investment Grade Rating” means: (1) with respect to S&P, any of the categories from 
and including AAA to and including BBB- (or equivalent successor categories); (2) with 
respect to Moody’s, any of the categories from and including Aaa to and including Baa3 
(or equivalent successor categories); (3) with respect to Fitch Ratings, any of the 
categories from and including AAA to and including BBB- (or equivalent successor 
categories); and (4) with respect to any other credit rating agency of equivalent 
international standing specified from time to time by the Issuer, a rating that is equivalent 
to, or better than, the foregoing. 
“Change of Control Redemption Amount” means an amount equal to par plus interest 
accrued to but excluding the Change of Control Redemption Date.

--- Page 96 ---
89
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Event has occurred, 
the Issuer shall give notice (a “Change of Control Event Notice”) to the Agent, the 
Paying Agents and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) specifying 
the nature of the Change of Control Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the 
procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option, as well as the date upon which 
the Put Period (as defined below) will end and the Change of Control Redemption Date 
(as defined below). 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option to require redemption or, as the case may 
be, purchase of a Note under this section, the holder of that Note must transfer or cause 
to be transferred its Notes to be so redeemed or purchased to the account of the Paying 
Agent specified in the Put Option Notice for the account of the Issuer within the period 
(the “Put Period”) of 45 days after the Change of Control Event Notice is given together 
with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Put Option 
Notice”) and in which the holder may specify a bank account to which payment is to be 
made under this section. 
The Issuer shall redeem or, at the option of the Issuer, procure the purchase of the Notes 
in respect of which the Change of Control Put Option has been validly exercised as 
provided above, and subject to the transfer of such Notes to the account of the Paying 
Agent for the account of the Issuer as described above on the date which is the fifth 
Business Day following the end of the Put Period (the “Change of Control Redemption 
Date”). Payment in respect of any Note so transferred will be made in the relevant 
Specified Currency to the holder to the relevant Specified Currency denominated bank 
account in the Put Option Notice on the Change of Control Redemption Date via the 
relevant account holders. 
If 80 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes outstanding of a Series at the 
beginning of the Change of Control Period have been redeemed or purchased pursuant to 
the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6(h), the Issuer may, at its option, on not less 
than five nor more than 10 Business Days’ notice to the Noteholders given in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices) within 60 days after the Change of Control Redemption Date, 
redeem or, at its option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) all (but not some only) of 
the remaining Notes of that Series, each at par together with (or, where purchased, 
together with an amount equal to) interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of such 
redemption or purchase. 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
Where any calculation of an early redemption amount is to be made for a period which 
is not a whole number of years, the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full 
year shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days 
each and, in the case of an incomplete month, the number of days elapsed. 
(j) 
Instalments 
If the Notes are repayable in instalments, they will be repaid in the Instalment Amounts 
and on the Instalment Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(k) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor may at any time purchase 
Notes (together, in the case of definitive Notes, with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons 
appertaining thereto) in any manner and at any price. In the case of a purchase by tender, 
such tender must be made available to all Noteholders alike. The Issuer, the Guarantor or 
any Subsidiary of the Guarantor will be entitled to hold and deal with Notes so purchased 
as the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Subsidiary of the Guarantor thinks fit. 
(l) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed in full will forthwith be cancelled and Notes which are 
purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor

--- Page 97 ---
90
may, at the election of the Issuer, be cancelled (together in each case with all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons attached thereto or delivered therewith). Notes purchased by or on 
behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor may not be reissued 
or resold other than to the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor. 
7. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a currency other than euro will be made by transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or by a cheque 
in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of 
the country of such Specified Currency; and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) maintained by the payee 
with a bank in the Eurozone. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10 
(Taxation). 
In these Conditions: 
“Eurozone” means the zone comprising the Participating Member States; 
“Participating Member State” means a Member State of the European Union that 
adopts or has adopted the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; and 
“Treaty” means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended. 
(b) 
Presentation of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above against surrender of definitive Notes 
and payments of interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) 
be made as aforesaid against surrender of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States. 
Payments of instalments (if any) of principal, other than the final instalment, will (subject 
as provided below) be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipt. 
Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the 
definitive Note to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive Notes to 
which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on 
which any definitive Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) 
appertaining thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall 
be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include 
Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons) failing which the amount 
of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the 
same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid 
bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of 
principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of 
the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 10 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not 
such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 14 (Prescription)) or, 
if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become 
due. Upon any Fixed Rate Note becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof.

--- Page 98 ---
91
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note in definitive form becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date or 
a Specified Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from 
(and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or Specified Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant definitive Note. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any global 
Note will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation 
to definitive Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant global Note, 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such global Note (if it is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) at the specified office of the Agent. A record of each 
payment made against presentation or surrender of such global Note, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such 
global Note by the Agent and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment 
in question has been made. 
The holder of the relevant global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive 
payments in respect of Notes represented by such global Note and the Issuer or, as the 
case may be, the Guarantor will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder 
of such global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, for its share of each payment so made by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of the relevant global Note. No person other 
than the holder of the relevant global Note shall have any claim against the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, the Guarantor in respect of any payments due on that global Note. 
Payments of interest in respect of the Notes will be made at the specified office of a 
Paying Agent in the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United 
States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)) if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able 
to make payment at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such interest at such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in 
the opinion of the Issuer and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to 
the Issuer. 
(c) 
Redenomination 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or the holders of related Receipts 
or Coupons on giving at least 30 days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices), elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date specified in 
the notice, the Notes shall be redenominated in euro. The election will have effect as 
follows: 
(i) 
each Specified Denomination will be deemed to be denominated in such amount 
of euro as is equivalent to its denomination in the Specified Currency at the 
Established Rate, subject to such provisions (if any) as to rounding (and 
payments in respect of fractions consequent on rounding) as the Issuer may 
decide, and as may be specified in the notice;

--- Page 99 ---
92
(ii) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, the 
Receipts and the Coupons will be made solely in euro, including payments of 
interest in respect of periods before the Redenomination Date, as though 
references in the Notes to the Specified Currency were to euro; and 
(iii) 
such changes shall be made to these Conditions as the Issuer may decide and as 
may be specified in the notice, to conform them to conventions then applicable 
to instruments denominated in euro or to enable the Notes to be consolidated 
with one or more issues of other notes, whether or not originally denominated 
in the Specified Currency or euro. 
(d) 
Exchangeability 
The Issuer may without the consent of the Noteholders or the holders of related Receipts 
or Coupons, on giving at least 30 days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices), elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date or such later 
date for payment of interest under the Notes as it may specify in the notice, the Notes 
shall be exchangeable for Notes expressed to be denominated in euro in accordance with 
such arrangements as the Issuer may decide and as may be specified in the notice, 
including arrangements under which Receipts and Coupons unmatured at the date so 
specified become void. 
In this Condition, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Established Rate” means the rate for conversion of the Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European 
Community regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union 
pursuant to Article 109(4) of the Treaty; and 
“Redenomination Date” means any date for payment of interest under the Notes 
specified by the Issuer which falls on or after the date on which the country of the 
Specified Currency adopts the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty. 
(e) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, “Payment Day” means any day which is both: 
(i) 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for 
business in: 
(A) 
the relevant place of presentation; and 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in the principal financial centre of the relevant Specified Currency (if 
other than London and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
shall be Melbourne) or (2) in relation to notes denominated in euro, a day on 
which the T2 (as defined in Condition 5(b)(iv) (Screen Rate Determination for 
Floating Rate Notes)) is operating. 
(f) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 10 (Taxation);

--- Page 100 ---
93
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable under or in respect 
of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to 
interest under Condition 10 (Taxation). 
8. 
Agent and Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Agent and the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are 
set out below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent 
and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office 
through which any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, there will at all times be a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations 
of the relevant listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system; 
(b) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office acting in continental 
Europe; 
(c) 
there will at all times be an Agent; and  
(d) 
each of the Issuer and the Guarantor will ensure that it maintains a Paying Agent in a 
Member State of the European Union that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax 
pursuant to European Council Directive 2003/48/EC or any law implementing or 
complying with, or introduced in order to conform to, such Directive. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified 
office in New York City in the circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 7(b) 
(Presentation of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons). Any variation, termination, appointment 
or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate 
effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) provided that no such variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall take effect (except in the case of insolvency) within 15 
days before or after any Interest Payment Date or Specified Interest Payment Date, as the case 
may be. 
9. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date or the Specified Interest Payment Date, as appropriate, on 
which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part 
of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Agent or any Paying Agent 
in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include 
Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Notes to 
which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 13 (Replacement of 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons). Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Conditions, be 
deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date or the Specified Interest Payment Date (as the case 
may be) on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures.

--- Page 101 ---
94
10. 
Taxation 
All amounts payable (whether in respect of principal, redemption amount, interest or otherwise) 
in respect of the Notes will be made free and clear of and without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision 
thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding 
or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by law or 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code. In that event, the 
Issuer, failing which the Guarantor, will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order 
that the net amounts receivable by any Noteholder after such withholding or deduction shall equal 
the respective amounts which would have been receivable by such Noteholder in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in relation 
to any payment in respect of any Notes or Coupon: 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Notes by reason of it having 
some connection with the Kingdom of Spain other than the mere holding of such Notes 
or Coupon; or 
(b) 
presented for payment more than thirty days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent 
that the relevant Noteholder would have been entitled to such additional amounts on 
presenting the same for payment on the expiry of such period of thirty days; or 
(c) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who does not provide the information 
concerning such Noteholder’s identity and tax residence to the Issuer or the Guarantor or 
an agent acting on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor as may eventually be required (i) 
in order to comply with any new procedures that may be implemented as a consequence 
of an amendment, modification or interpretation of Royal Decree 1065/2007; or (ii) in 
case the Notes are represented by definitive Notes; or 
(d) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, “Relevant Date” means, in respect of any payment, the date 
on which such payment first becomes due and payable, but if the full amount of the moneys 
payable has not been received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the first date on 
which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received and being available for payment 
to Noteholders, notice to that effect shall have been duly given to the Noteholders of the relevant 
Series in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
If the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, becomes subject at any time to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than or in addition to the Kingdom of Spain, references herein to the Kingdom 
of Spain shall be read and construed as references to the Kingdom of Spain, and/or to such other 
jurisdiction. 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal, redemption amount and/or interest in respect of 
the Notes shall be deemed also to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under 
this Condition 10. 
11. 
Events of Default 
The following events or circumstances (each an “Event of Default”) shall be acceleration events 
in relation to the Notes of any Series, namely: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes 
within 7 days of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest 
in respect of the Notes within 14 days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer or the Guarantor defaults in the performance or 
observance of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Deed of

--- Page 102 ---
95
Guarantee and such default remains unremedied for 30 days after written notice thereof, 
addressed to the Issuer and the Guarantor by any Noteholder, has been delivered to the 
Issuer and the Guarantor or to the specified office of the Agent; or 
(c) 
Cross-default of the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Principal Subsidiary: (i) any Relevant 
Indebtedness (as defined in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or any of their respective Principal Subsidiaries is not paid when due or (as the case may 
be) within any originally applicable grace period; (ii) any such Relevant Indebtedness 
becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due and payable prior to its stated 
maturity otherwise than at the option of the Issuer, the Guarantor or (as the case may be) 
the relevant Principal Subsidiary or (provided that no event of default, howsoever 
described, has occurred) any person entitled to such Relevant Indebtedness; or (iii) the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Principal Subsidiaries fails to pay when 
due any amount payable by it under any Guarantee of any Relevant Indebtedness, 
provided that the amount of Relevant Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or 
sub-paragraph (ii) above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in 
sub-paragraph (iii) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds €75,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgement: one or more judgement(s) or order(s) for the payment of any 
amount is rendered against the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Principal 
Subsidiaries (if any) and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days after 
the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment, provided that the 
amount subject of such judgement(s) or order(s), individually or in the aggregate, exceeds 
€75,000,000; or 
(e) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other 
similar officer is appointed, of the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and 
revenues of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Principal Subsidiaries (if 
any), provided that the individual or aggregate value of all undertaking, assets and 
revenues subject to such enforcement exceeds €75,000,000; or 
(f) 
Insolvency, etc.: (i) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Principal 
Subsidiaries (if any) becomes insolvent, is adjudicated bankrupt (or applies for an order 
of bankruptcy) or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or 
liquidator of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Principal Subsidiaries (if 
any) or of the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of their respective Principal Subsidiaries (if any) is appointed (or 
application for any such appointment is made), (iii) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of 
their respective Principal Subsidiaries (if any) takes any action for a readjustment or 
deferment of any of its obligations generally or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a general 
moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness 
given by it or (iv) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Principal 
Subsidiaries (if any) ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its 
business (otherwise than, in the case of a Principal Subsidiary of the Issuer (if any) or a 
Principal Subsidiary of the Guarantor (other than the Issuer), for the purposes of or 
pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(g) 
Winding up, etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding 
up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective 
Principal Subsidiaries (if any) (otherwise than, in the case of a Principal Subsidiary of 
the Issuer (if any) or a Principal Subsidiary of the Guarantor, for the purposes of or 
pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent); or 
(h) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain has 
an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (g) above 
including, but not limited to, concurso; or 
(i) 
Failure to take action, etc.: any action, condition or thing at any time required to be 
taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer and the Guarantor lawfully to enter 
into, exercise their respective rights and perform and comply with their respective

--- Page 103 ---
96
obligations under and in respect of the Notes and the Deed of Guarantee, (ii) to ensure 
that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes, 
the Receipts, the Coupons and the Guarantee admissible in evidence in the courts of the 
Kingdom of Spain is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(j) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or 
comply with any of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Deed of 
Guarantee; or 
(k) 
Deed of Guarantee not in force: the Deed of Guarantee is not (or is claimed by the 
Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect; or 
(l) 
Controlling shareholder: the Issuer ceases to be wholly-owned and controlled by the 
Guarantor. 
If any Event of Default shall occur in relation to any Series of Notes, any Noteholder of the relevant 
Series may, by written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, at the specified office of the Agent, 
declare that such Note and (if the Note is interest-bearing) all interest then accrued on such Note 
shall be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall become immediately due and 
payable at its early termination amount (the “Early Termination Amount”) (which shall be its 
principal amount or such other Early Termination Amount as may be specified in or determined 
in accordance with the relevant Final Terms) less, in the case of any Instalment Note, the aggregate 
amount of all instalments that shall have become due and payable in respect of such Note under 
any other Condition prior to the date fixed for redemption (which amount, if and to the extent not 
then paid, remains due and payable), together with all interest (if any) accrued thereon without 
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which the Issuer will expressly 
waive, anything contained in such Notes to the contrary notwithstanding, unless, prior thereto, all 
Events of Default in respect of the Notes of the relevant Series shall have been cured. 
In these Conditions: 
“Group” means the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries from time to time; and 
“Principal Subsidiary” means, at any time, a Subsidiary of the Guarantor whose total assets, 
income before taxes or sales (excluding intra-group items) then equal or exceed ten per cent. (10%) 
of the total assets, income before taxes or sales of the Group (on a consolidated basis) and, for this 
purpose: 
(a) 
the total assets, income before taxes and sales of a Subsidiary of the Guarantor will be 
determined from its financial statements (consolidated if it has Subsidiaries) upon which 
the latest annual audited financial statements of the Group have been based; 
(b) 
if a Subsidiary of the Guarantor becomes a member of the Group after the date on which 
the latest audited financial statements of the Group have been prepared, the total assets, 
income before taxes and sales of that Subsidiary will be determined from its latest annual 
financial statements; 
(c) 
the total assets, income before taxes and sales of the Group will be determined from its 
latest annual audited financial statements, adjusted (where appropriate) to reflect the total 
assets, income before taxes and sales of any company or business subsequently acquired 
or disposed of; and 
(d) 
if a Principal Subsidiary disposes of all or substantially all of its assets to another 
Subsidiary of the Guarantor, the disposing Subsidiary will immediately cease to be 
Principal Subsidiary and the other Subsidiary (if it is not already) will immediately 
become a Principal Subsidiary and, for the avoidance of doubt, the subsequent financial 
statements of those Subsidiaries and the Group will be used to determine whether those 
Subsidiaries are Principal Subsidiaries or not. 
A report by the Directors of the Guarantor that, in their opinion, a Subsidiary of the Guarantor is 
or is not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Principal 
Subsidiary, accompanied by a report by the Auditors addressed to the Directors of the Guarantor 
as to proper extraction of the figures used by the Directors of the Guarantor in determining the

--- Page 104 ---
97
Principal Subsidiaries of the Guarantor and mathematical accuracy of the calculations shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders; 
12. 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions (which shall have effect as if incorporated by 
reference herein) for convening meetings (which may be physical or virtual meetings, including 
meetings held by conference call or on a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders of any 
Series to consider any matter affecting their interests, including (without limitation) the 
modification by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined below) of these Conditions. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders of any Series will be binding 
on all Noteholders of such Series, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all holders 
of Coupons relating to Notes of such Series. 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly 
convened and held by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the persons voting 
thereat upon a show of hands or if a poll be duly demanded then by a majority consisting of not 
less than 75 per cent. of the votes given on such poll. 
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal value of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as 
valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in a single document or in 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
13. 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Agent in London (or such other place as may be notified 
to the Noteholders), subject to all applicable laws and listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system requirements upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer and the 
Guarantor may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must 
be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14. 
Prescription 
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period 
of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date 
(as defined in Condition 10 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 14 or Condition 
7(b) (Presentation of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons) or any Talon which would be void 
pursuant to Condition 7(b) (Presentation of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons). 
15. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Notes shall be valid if published in one or more leading English language 
daily newspapers with circulation in the United Kingdom (which is expected to be the Financial 
Times) and, so long as the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and the rules of that stock exchange so require, published either on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or, if such publication shall not be 
practicable, in an English language newspaper of general circulation in Europe. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once 
or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any global Note is held 
in its entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg be substituted for such 
publication as aforesaid the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for communication by them to the Noteholders in accordance with their respective 
rules and operating procedures. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the

--- Page 105 ---
98
Noteholders on the day on which the notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as appropriate. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a global 
Note, such notice may be given by any Noteholder to the Agent via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders to create 
and issue further notes ranking pari passu in all respects (or in all respects save for the first 
payment of interest thereon) with the outstanding Notes and so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single series with the outstanding Notes. 
17. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may with respect to any Series of Notes issued by the Issuer 
(the “Relevant Notes”) without the consent of any Noteholder, substitute for the Issuer 
any other body corporate incorporated in any country in the world as the debtor in respect 
of the Notes and the Agency Agreement (the “Substituted Debtor”) upon notice by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and the Substituted Debtor to be given by publication in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices), provided that: 
(i) 
neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor are in default in respect of any amount 
payable under any of the Relevant Notes; 
(ii) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Substituted Debtor have entered into such 
documents (the “Documents”) as are necessary to give effect to the substitution 
and in which the Substituted Debtor has undertaken in favour of each 
Noteholder of the Relevant Notes to be bound by these Conditions and the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement as the debtor in respect of such Notes in 
place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition 17); 
(iii) 
if the Substituted Debtor is resident for tax purposes in a territory (the “New 
Residence”) other than that in which the Issuer prior to such substitution was 
resident for tax purposes (the “Former Residence”) the Documents contain an 
undertaking and/or such other provisions as may be necessary to ensure that 
each Noteholder of the Relevant Notes has the benefit of an undertaking in terms 
corresponding to the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation), with, where 
applicable, the substitution of references to the Former Residence with 
references to the New Residence; 
(iv) 
the Guarantor guarantees the obligations of the Substituted Debtor in relation to 
outstanding Relevant Notes; 
(v) 
The Substituted Debtor, the Issuer and the Guarantor have obtained all necessary 
governmental approvals and consents for such substitution and for the 
performance by the Substituted Debtor of its obligations under the Documents 
and for the performance by the Guarantor of its obligations under the Guarantee 
as they relate to the obligations of the Substituted Debtor under the Documents; 
(vi) 
each stock exchange on which the Relevant Notes are listed shall have 
confirmed that, following the proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor, 
the Relevant Notes will continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(vii) 
a legal opinion shall have been delivered to the Agent (from whom copies will 
be available) from lawyers of recognised standing in the country of 
incorporation of the Substituted Debtor, confirming, as appropriate, that upon 
the substitution taking place (A) the requirements of this Condition 17, save as 
to the giving of notice to the Noteholders have been met and (B) the Notes,

--- Page 106 ---
99
Coupons and Talons are legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substituted 
Debtor enforceable in accordance with their terms; 
(viii) 
any Rating Agency which has issued a rating in connection with the Relevant 
Notes shall have confirmed that following the proposed substitution of the 
Substituted Debtor, the credit rating of the Relevant Notes will not be adversely 
affected; and 
(ix) 
if applicable, the Substituted Debtor has appointed a process agent as its agent 
in England to receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal 
proceedings in England arising out of or in connection with the Relevant Notes 
and any Coupons. 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Documents and the delivery of the legal opinions, the 
Substituted Debtor shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right 
and power, of the Issuer under the Relevant Notes and the Agency Agreement with the 
same effect as if the Substituted Debtor had been named as the Issuer herein, and the 
Issuer shall be released from its obligations under the Relevant Notes and under the 
Agency Agreement. 
(c) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 17(a), the Substituted Debtor may, without the 
consent of any Noteholder, effect a further substitution. All the provisions specified in 
Condition 17(a) and 17(b) shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in these 
Conditions to the Issuer shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or include 
references to any such further Substituted Debtor. 
(d) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 17(a) or 17(c) any Substituted Debtor may, 
without the consent of any Noteholder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
(e) 
The Documents shall be delivered to, and kept by, the Agent. Copies of the Documents 
will be available free of charge at the specified office of each of the Agents. 
18. 
Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed of Guarantee and the Notes and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law, save for Conditions 2 (Status of the Notes) and 3 (Status 
of the Deed of Guarantee) which shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Spanish law. The Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably agree for the benefit of the Noteholders 
that the courts of England shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or 
proceedings, and to settle any disputes (together, “Proceedings”), which may arise out of, or in 
connection with, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed of Guarantee and the 
Notes and, for such purpose, irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally waive and agree not to raise any 
objection which any of them may have now or subsequently to the laying of the venue of any 
Proceedings in the courts of England and any claim that any Proceedings have been brought in an 
inconvenient forum and further irrevocably and unconditionally agree that a judgement in any 
Proceedings brought in the courts of England shall be conclusive and binding upon each of them 
and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. Nothing in this Condition shall limit 
any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude 
the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally appoint Law Debenture Corporate 
Services Limited at 8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London, EC2N 4AG, United Kingdom, as agent 
for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings in England and undertake that in 
the event of it ceasing so to act the Issuer and the Guarantor will forthwith appoint a further person 
as their agent for that purpose and notify the name and address of such person to the Agent and 
agree that, failing such appointment within fifteen days, any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint 
such a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and the Guarantor and delivered to the 
Issuer and the Guarantor or to the specified office of the Agent. Nothing contained herein shall 
affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 107 ---
100
19. 
Rights of Third Parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Notes under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 108 ---
101
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section “Form of the Notes” to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, 
whenever the context so permits, except in relation to Notes issued in NGN form, be deemed to include a 
reference to any additional or alternative clearance system approved by the Issuer and the Agent. 
Delivery 
Each Tranche of Notes will be initially represented by a Temporary Global Note without receipts, interest 
coupons or talons, which will: 
(i) 
if the global Notes are intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable Final 
Terms, be delivered on or prior to the relevant Issue Date to the Common Safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
(ii) 
if the global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
relevant Issue Date with the Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
without receipts, interest coupons or talons. 
If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form, the relevant clearing 
systems will be notified whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility and, if so, will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche 
to the Common Safekeeper. This means that the Notes are intended to be deposited with one of the 
international central securities depositaries (“ICSDs”) as Common Safekeeper and not necessarily that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
If the Temporary Global Note is not in NGN form, upon the initial deposit of a Temporary Global Note 
with the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a 
nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. If the 
Temporary Global Note is in NGN form, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Temporary 
Global Note shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be conclusive 
evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by such Temporary Global Note and, for these 
purposes, a statement issued by either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg stating the nominal amount 
of Notes represented by such Temporary Global Note at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, respectively, at the relevant time. 
Exchange 
A Permanent Global Note will only be issued initially in respect of any Tranche of Notes where certification 
of non-United States beneficial ownership is not required by U.S. Treasury Regulations. Unless otherwise 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, if the global Notes are intended to be issued in NGN 
form (to be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations), as stated in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Permanent Global Note will be delivered on or prior to the relevant Issue Date to the Common Safekeeper. 
If the global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, the Permanent Global Note will be delivered 
to the Common Depositary. 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after the date on which any Temporary 
Global Note is issued, interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchanged (free of charge) either 
for interests in a Permanent Global Note without receipts, interest coupons or talons or for definitive Notes 
with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) in each case against presentation of the Temporary Global Note only to the extent that certification 
of non-U.S. beneficial ownership (in a form to be provided) as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations has 
been received by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant system, and such clearing 
system has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. In relation to 
any issue of Notes which are expressed to be Temporary Global Notes exchangeable for definitive Notes, 
such Notes shall be tradeable only in a principal amount which is an integral multiple of the Specified 
Denomination.

--- Page 109 ---
102
Holders of interests in any Temporary Global Note shall not (unless, upon due presentation of such 
Temporary Global Note for exchange for a Permanent Global Note or for delivery of definitive Notes, such 
exchange or delivery is improperly withheld or refused and such withholding or refusal is continuing at the 
relevant payment date) be entitled to receive any payment in respect of the Notes represented by such 
Temporary Global Note which falls due on or after the Exchange Date or be entitled to exercise any option 
on a date after the Exchange Date. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable 
(free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes, with, where applicable, receipts, interest 
coupons and talons attached, in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note. Global 
Notes and definitive Notes will be issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement. 
Exercise of put option  
For so long as all of the Notes are represented by one or both of the Global Notes and such Global Note(s) 
is/are held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the option of the Noteholders provided 
for in the Conditions may be exercised by an accountholder giving notice to the Paying Agent in accordance 
with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being 
given on its instructions by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them to 
the Paying Agent by electronic means) of the principal amount of the Notes, in respect of which such option 
is exercised. 
Payments 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal and interest (if any) 
due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made, against presentation of the Temporary 
Global Note (if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form), only to the extent 
that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Note 
are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. 
Treasury Regulations, has been received by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) on a global Note not in NGN form will be made through 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system against presentation or 
surrender (as the case may be of the global Note if not intended to be issued in NGN form), without any 
requirement for certification. If the global Note is not in NGN form, a record of each payment so made will 
be endorsed on each global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has 
been made in respect of the global Note. If a global Note is in NGN form, the Issuer shall procure that 
details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and represented by the global Note will be reduced accordingly. 
For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall 
be disregarded in the definition of “Payment Day” set out in Condition 7(e) (Payment Day). 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the global Note is in NGN form, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation 
or exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, shall be entered in the records 
of the relevant clearing systems and, upon such entry being made, the nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
Acceleration 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in “Terms and 
Conditions of Notes Issued by the Issuer prior to the Effective Date of Conversion—Events of Default” and 
“Terms and Conditions of Notes by the Issuer on or following the Effective Date of Conversion—Events of 
Default”. In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a global Note and a holder of such 
Note so represented and credited to its securities account with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg gives 
notice that it wishes to accelerate such Note, unless within a period of 15 days from the giving of such 
notice payment has been made in full of the amount due in accordance with the terms of such global Note, 
such global Note will become void. At the same time, holders of interests in such global Note credited to 
their accounts with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will become entitled to proceed directly against

--- Page 110 ---
103
the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, on 
and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”) dated on or about 15 December 
2023 executed by the Issuer. 
Denominations 
So long as the Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note and the 
relevant clearing system(s) so permit, the Notes will be tradable only (a) if the Specified Denomination 
stated in the relevant Final Terms is “euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency)”, in the authorised 
denomination of euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and integral multiples of euro 100,000 
(or its equivalent in another currency) thereafter, or (b) if the Specified Denomination stated in the relevant 
Final Terms is “euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and integral multiples of euro 1,000 
(or its equivalent in another currency) in excess thereof”, in the minimum authorised denomination of euro 
100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and higher integral multiples of euro 1,000 (or its equivalent 
in another currency), notwithstanding that no definitive Notes will be issued with a denomination above 
euro 199,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
U.S. legend 
The following legend will appear on all global Notes, definitive Notes, Receipts, interest Coupons and 
Talons: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code.” 
The sections referred to in the legend above provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, 
will not be entitled to deduct any loss on Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to 
capital gains treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect 
of Notes, receipts or interest coupons.

--- Page 111 ---
104
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
The following is the text of the Deed of Guarantee: 
THIS DEED OF GUARANTEE is made on 15 December 2023 
BY 
(1) 
NATURGY ENERGY GROUP, S.A. of Avenida de América, 38, Madrid, 28028, Spain 
(the “Guarantor”)  
IN FAVOUR OF 
(2) 
THE HOLDERS AND THE RELEVANT ACCOUNT HOLDERS (as defined below) (each a 
“Beneficiary”, and together, the “Beneficiaries”) 
WHEREAS 
(A) 
Naturgy Finance B.V. (the “Issuer”) and the Guarantor established a euro medium term note 
programme for the issuance of debt instruments (the “Programme”), with the Issuer having 
substituted Gas Natural Finance B.V. as an issuer thereunder.  
(B) 
Pursuant to the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue notes (“Notes”) in an aggregate 
nominal amount of up to euro 12,000,000,000 (subject to adjustment) in accordance with the 
amended and restated programme agreement dated on or about 15 December 2023 relating to the 
Programme, as amended, supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time). 
(C) 
In connection with the Programme the Issuer has entered into an amended and restated agency 
agreement dated on or about 15 December 2023 (as amended, supplemented, restated or replaced 
from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) and made between the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch as Agent and the other Paying Agents named therein and the Issuer 
has executed and delivered a deed of covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”) dated on or about 15 
December 2023. 
(D) 
The Guarantor has duly authorised the giving of a guarantee in respect of the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme and the Deed of Covenant. 
THIS DEED WITNESSES as follows: 
1. 
Interpretation 
1.2 
In this Deed of Guarantee: 
“Conditions” means the terms and conditions of Notes issued by the Issuer (as scheduled to the 
Agency Agreement and as modified from time to time in accordance with their terms) and any 
reference to a numbered “Condition” is to the correspondingly numbered provision thereof; 
“Holder” in relation to any Note means, at any time, the person who is the bearer of such Note; and 
“Relevant Account Holder” has the meaning given in the Deed of Covenant. 
1.3 
Clause headings are for ease of reference only. 
Terms not otherwise defined herein shall bear the meanings assigned to them in the Conditions 
and the Deed of Covenant. 
1.4 
Benefit of Deed of Guarantee 
Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Deed of Guarantee shall have 
the benefit of this Deed of Guarantee but shall not have the benefit of any subsequent guarantee 
relating to the Programme (unless expressly so provided in any such subsequent guarantee). 
2. 
Guarantee and indemnity 
2.1 
The Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees:

--- Page 112 ---
105
(a) 
to each Holder the due and punctual payment of any and every sum or sums of money 
which the Issuer shall at any time be liable to pay under or pursuant to any Note as and 
when the same shall become due and payable and agrees unconditionally to pay to such 
Holder, forthwith upon demand by such Holder and in the manner and currency 
prescribed by such Notes for payments by the Issuer thereunder, any and every sum or 
sums of money which the Issuer shall at any time be liable to pay under or pursuant to 
such Note and which the Issuer shall have failed to pay at the time such demand is made; 
and 
(b) 
to each Relevant Account Holder the due and punctual payment of all amounts due to 
such Relevant Account Holder under the Deed of Covenant as and when the same shall 
become due and payable and agrees unconditionally to pay to such Relevant Account 
Holder, forthwith on demand by such Relevant Account Holder and in the manner and in 
the currency prescribed pursuant to the Deed of Covenant for payments by the Issuer 
thereunder, any and every sum or sums of money which the Issuer shall at any time be 
liable to pay under or pursuant to the Deed of Covenant and which the Issuer shall have 
failed to pay at the time demand is made. 
2.2 
As a separate, additional and continuing obligation, the Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably 
undertakes with each Beneficiary that, should any amount referred to in Clause 2.1 not be 
recoverable from the Guarantor thereunder for any reason whatsoever (including, without 
limitation, by reason of any Note, any provision of any Note, the Deed of Covenant or any 
provision thereof being or becoming void, unenforceable or otherwise invalid under any applicable 
law) then, notwithstanding that the same may have been known to such Holder or Relevant 
Account Holder, the Guarantor will, as a sole, original and independent obligor, upon first written 
demand under Clause 2.1, make payment of such amount by way of a full indemnity in such 
currency and otherwise in such manner as is provided for in the Notes or the Deed of Covenant 
(as the case may be) and indemnify each Beneficiary against all losses, claims, costs, charges and 
expenses to which it may be subject or which it may incur under or in connection with the Notes, 
the Deed of Covenant or this Deed of Guarantee. 
3. 
Compliance with the conditions 
The Guarantor covenants in favour of each Beneficiary that it will duly perform and comply with 
the obligations expressed to be undertaken by it in the Conditions. 
4. 
Preservation of rights 
4.1 
Obligations of the Guarantor herein contained shall be deemed to be undertaken as sole or principal 
debtor. 
4.2 
The obligations of the Guarantor herein contained shall constitute and be continuing obligations 
notwithstanding any settlement of account or other matters or things whatsoever and, in particular 
but without limitation, shall not be considered satisfied by any partial payment or satisfaction of 
all or any of the obligations arising under any Note or the Deed of Covenant and shall continue in 
full force and effect in respect of each Note and the Deed of Covenant until final repayment in full 
of all amounts owing by the Issuer, and total satisfaction of all the actual and contingent obligations 
of the Issuer under such Note or the Deed of Covenant. 
4.3 
Neither the obligations of the Guarantor herein contained nor the rights, powers and remedies 
conferred upon the Beneficiaries or any of them by this Deed of Guarantee or by law shall be 
discharged, impaired or otherwise affected by: 
(a) 
the insolvency, winding-up, liquidation, dissolution, amalgamation, reconstruction or 
reorganisation of the Issuer, or analogous proceedings in any jurisdiction or any change 
in status, function, control or ownership of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
any of the obligations of the Issuer, under any of the Notes or the Deed of Covenant being 
or becoming illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect; or 
(c) 
time or other indulgence being granted or agreed to be granted to the Issuer, in respect of 
any obligations arising under any of the Notes or the Deed of Covenant; or

--- Page 113 ---
106
(d) 
any amendment to, or any variation, waiver or release of, any obligation of the Issuer 
under any of the Notes or the Deed of Covenant; or  
(e) 
any other act, event or omission which, but for this Clause 4.3, would or might operate 
to discharge, impair or otherwise affect the obligations of the Guarantor herein contained 
or any of the rights, powers or remedies conferred upon the Holders, the Relevant 
Account Holders or any of them by this Deed of Guarantee or by law. 
4.4 
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, any settlement or discharge between the 
Guarantor and the Beneficiaries or any of them shall be conditional upon no payment to the 
Beneficiaries or any of them by the Issuer, or any other person on behalf of the Issuer being 
avoided or reduced by virtue of any provisions or enactments relating to bankruptcy, insolvency 
or liquidation for the time being in force and, in the event of any such payment being so avoided 
or reduced, the Beneficiaries shall each be entitled to recover the amount by which such payment 
is so avoided or reduced from the Guarantor subsequently as if such settlement or discharge had 
not occurred. 
4.5 
No Beneficiary shall be obliged before exercising any of the rights, powers or remedies conferred 
upon it by this Deed of Guarantee or by law: 
(a) 
to make any demand of the Issuer other than the presentation of the relevant Note; or 
(b) 
to take any action or obtain judgement in any court against the Issuer; or 
(c) 
to make or file any claim or proof in a winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer 
and, save as aforesaid, the Guarantor hereby expressly waives, in respect of each Note, 
presentment, demand and protest and notice of dishonour. 
4.6 
The Guarantor agrees that so long as any amounts are or may be owed by the Issuer, under any of 
the Notes or the Deed of Covenant or the Issuer is under any actual or contingent obligations 
thereunder, the Guarantor shall not exercise rights which the Guarantor may at any time have by 
reason of performance by the Guarantor of its obligations hereunder: 
(a) 
to be indemnified by the Issuer; and/or 
(b) 
to claim any contribution from any other guarantor of the obligations of the Issuer, under 
the Notes or the Deed of Covenant; and/or 
(c) 
to take the benefit (in whole or in part) of any security taken pursuant to, or in connection 
with, any of the Notes or the Deed of Covenant, by all or any of the persons to whom the 
benefit of the Guarantor’s obligations are given; and/or 
(d) 
to be subrogated to the rights of any Beneficiary against the Issuer, in respect of amounts 
paid by the Guarantor pursuant to the provisions of this Deed of Guarantee. 
4.7 
The Guarantor hereby covenants that its obligations hereunder rank as described in Condition 3 
(Status of the Deed of Guarantee). 
5. 
Stamp duties 
The Guarantor will promptly pay any stamp duty or other documentary taxes (including any 
penalties and interest in respect thereof) payable in connection with the execution, delivery and 
performance of this Deed of Guarantee, and will indemnify and hold harmless each Beneficiary 
on demand from all liabilities arising from any failure to pay, or delay in paying, such taxes. 
6. 
Deed poll; Benefit of Guarantee 
6.1. 
This Deed of Guarantee shall take effect as a deed poll for the benefit of the Beneficiaries from 
time to time and for the time being. 
6.2. 
The Guarantor hereby acknowledges and covenants that the obligations binding upon it contained 
herein are owed to, and shall be for the benefit of, each and every Beneficiary, and that each 
Beneficiary shall be entitled severally to enforce the said obligations against the Guarantor.

--- Page 114 ---
107
6.3. 
The Guarantor may not assign or transfer all or any of its rights, benefits and obligations hereunder.  
7. 
Provisions severable 
Each of the provisions in this Deed of Guarantee shall be severable and distinct from the others 
and the illegality, invalidity or unenforceability of any one or more provisions under the law of 
any jurisdiction shall not affect or impair the legality, validity or enforceability of any other 
provisions in that jurisdiction nor the legality, validity or enforceability of any provisions under 
the law of any other jurisdiction. 
8. 
Currency indemnity 
If any sum due from the Guarantor under this Deed of Guarantee or any order or judgement given 
or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the “first currency”) in which 
the same is payable under this Deed of Guarantee or such order or judgement into another currency 
(the “second currency”) for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the 
Guarantor, (b) obtaining an order or judgement in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any 
order or judgement given or made in relation to this Deed of Guarantee, the Guarantor shall 
indemnify each Beneficiary on demand against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy 
between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the 
first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such 
Beneficiary may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second 
currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, 
judgement, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Guarantor and shall give 
rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
9. 
Notices 
Notices to the Guarantor will be deemed to be validly given if delivered at Avenida Diagonal 525, 
Barcelona, 08029, Spain (or at such other address and for such other attention as may have been 
notified to Holders in accordance with the Conditions) and will be deemed to have been validly 
given at the opening of business on the next day on which the Guarantor’s principal office is open 
for business. 
10. 
Law and jurisdiction 
10.1. 
Governing law 
This Deed of Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
it are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
10.2. 
English courts 
The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a “Dispute”), arising from 
or connected with this Deed of Guarantee (including a dispute regarding the existence, validity or 
termination of this Deed of Guarantee) or the consequences of its nullity. 
10.3. 
Appropriate forum 
The Guarantor agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts to 
settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
10.4. 
Rights of the Beneficiaries to take proceedings outside England 
Clause 10.2 (English courts) is for the benefit of the Beneficiaries only. As a result, nothing in this 
Clause 10 (Law and Jurisdiction) prevents the Beneficiaries from taking proceedings relating to a 
Dispute (“Proceedings”) in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the 
Beneficiaries may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
10.5. 
Process agent

--- Page 115 ---
108
The Guarantor agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings in England and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings in England may be served on it 
by being delivered to Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at 8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, 
London, EC2N 4AG, United Kingdom, or, if different, its registered office for the time being or 
at any address of the Guarantor in Great Britain at which process may be served on it in accordance 
with Part 34 of the Companies Act 2006. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed 
to accept service of process on behalf of the Guarantor, the Guarantor shall, on the written demand 
of any Beneficiary addressed and delivered to the Guarantor appoint a further person in England 
to accept service of process on its behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any 
Beneficiary shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the Guarantor 
and delivered to the Guarantor. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Beneficiary 
to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 116 ---
109
IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Deed has been executed as a deed by the Guarantor and is intended to be 
and is hereby delivered on the date first above written. 
 
SIGNED as a DEED on behalf of  
 
 
 
) 
 
NATURGY ENERGY GROUP, S.A., a company incorporated 
)  
in Spain, by _______________________, 
 
 
 
) 
being a person who, in accordance with the laws of that 
 
) 
territory, is acting under the authority of the company. 
 
)

--- Page 117 ---
110 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise set forth in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of 
Notes will be on-lent to Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. to be used by Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. and its 
consolidated subsidiaries for general corporate purposes.

--- Page 118 ---
111 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the [Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the SFA) 
- [To insert notice if classification of the Notes are not “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA or “Excluded Investment Products” (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12:

--- Page 119 ---
112 
 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products )]”.]1 
The form of the Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of 
non-applicable provisions and the completion of applicable provisions: 
Capitalised words and expressions used in a Final Terms shall, save to the extent otherwise defined therein, 
have the meanings given thereto in the relevant Terms and Conditions and in the Agency Agreement. 
[Date] 
 
 
 
1 Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch 
of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 120 ---
113 
 
 
[Naturgy Finance B.V.2 
(Incorporated with limited liability in The Netherlands and having its statutory domicile in 
Amsterdam)]/ 
[Naturgy Finance Iberia, S.A.]3 
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Spain)] 
[Title] of relevant Tranche of Notes (specifying type of Notes)] (the Notes) 
Guaranteed by 
Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. 
issued pursuant to the euro 12,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
LEI: 2138005FTXOJUBQ5J563 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions of Notes issued 
by [Naturgy Finance B.V.]/[Naturgy Finance Iberia, S.A.] set forth in the base prospectus dated 15 
December 2023 (the “Base Prospectus”) [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [•]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only available on 
the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and the 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus] has been published on the Guarantor’s website (www.naturgy.com) and 
is available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of 
Notes issued by Naturgy Finance B.V. (the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated [19 
November 2013]/[12 December 2014]/[2 December 2015]/[2 December 2016]/[30 November 2017]/[21 
December 2018]/[3 April 2020]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is 
only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of 
the Conditions which are extracted from the base prospectus dated [19 November 2013]/[12 December 
2014]/[2 December 2015]/[2 December 2016]/[30 November 2017]/[21 December 2018]/[3 April 2020]. 
Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus dated 15 December 2023 [and the Supplement 
to the Base Prospectus dated [•]]. The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus] has 
been published on the Guarantor’s website (www.naturgy.com) and is available for viewing on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com.  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
 
 
2 Include for issues of Notes prior to the Effective Date of Conversion (as defined in “Conversion of Naturgy Finance B.V.”). 
3 Include for issues of Notes on or following the Effective Date of Conversion (as defined in “Conversion of Naturgy Finance B.V.”).

--- Page 121 ---
114 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
2.  
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes: 
[] 
 
 
(i)  
Series: 
[] 
 
 
(ii)  
Tranche: 
[] 
 
(iii)   
Date on which the 
 
Notes will become 
 
fungible: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from []] 
 
(a)  
Specified 
 
Denominations: 
€100,000 + [€1,000][€100,000] 
 
 
(b)  
Calculation  
 
 
 
Amount: 
[] 
 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
 
7.  
Maturity Date: 
[]/[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[]] 
 
8.  
Interest Basis: 
 
(see Condition 5 (Interest)) 
[[]% Fixed Rate] 
[[] month [EURIBOR]/[SONIA] +/- []% 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
 
(see Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase)) 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at []% of their nominal amount 
 
10.  
Change of Interest Basis: 
 
(see Condition 5 (Interest)) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
11.  
Put/Call Options: 
 
(see Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase)) 
 
 
 
[Call Option]

--- Page 122 ---
115 
 
 
[Put Option] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Substantial Purchase Event] 
[Make-Whole Redemption] 
 
 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
 
12. 
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
13.  
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
 
(see Condition 5 (Interest)) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[]% per annum [payable [annually / semi-annually 
/ quarterly / monthly / [•]] in arrear] 
 
 
(iii)  
Interest Payment  Date(s): 
[] [and []] in each year  
 
(iv)  
First Interest Payment 
 
Date: 
[] 
 
(v)  
Fixed Coupon 
 
Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(vi)  
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii)  
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/[30E/360 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(viii)  
Determination Dates: 
[[] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
 
14.  
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
 
(see Condition 5 (Interest)) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i)    
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
 
(ii)    
Specified Interest 
 
Payment Dates: 
[[] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii)    
First Interest Payment 
 
Date: 
[]

--- Page 123 ---
116 
 
(iv)   
Business Day 
 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
(v)    
Business Centre(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi)   
Manner in which the 
 
Rate(s) of Interest 
 
is/are to be 
 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vii)   
Party responsible for 
 
calculating the Rate(s) 
 
of Interest and Interest 
 
Amount(s) (if not the 
 
Agent): 
[[] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
 
(viii)  
Screen Rate 
 
Determination: 
 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR]/[SONIA] 
 
– 
Reference Banks: 
[] 
 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[] [The [] London Banking Day falling after the 
last day of each Observation Period] 
 
– 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[] 
 
– 
[Observation Look-
back Period]: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix)  
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
– 
Floating Rate 
 
Option: 
[] 
 
– 
Designated 
 
Maturity: 
[] 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[] 
 
– 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
– 
 [Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
 
 
Lookback: [] Applicable Business Days] 
 
 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days

--- Page 124 ---
117 
 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days:[]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
 
 
Lockout: [] Lockout Period Business Days 
 
 
Lockout Period Business Days: []/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
– 
Averaging: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
– 
 [Averaging 
Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: []/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: []/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
– 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
 [Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][]% per annum 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[]% per annum 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[]% per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond 
Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/[30E/360 
(ISDA)](/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]

--- Page 125 ---
118 
 
15.  
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(see Condition 5 (Interest)) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i)  
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] 
 
Yield: 
[]% per annum 
 
(iii) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
16.  
Call Option 
 
(see Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase)) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i)  
Optional Redemption 
 
Date(s): 
[]  
 
(ii)  
Optional Redemption 
 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii)  
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
 
Redemption 
 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
 
Redemption 
 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
17.  
Put Option 
 
(see Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase)) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i)  
Optional Redemption 
 
Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii)  
Optional Redemption 
 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
18.  
Residual Maturity Call Option 
(see Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase)) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Residual Maturity Call 
Option Period: 
[As per Conditions]/[[•]] 
 
19.  
Substantial Purchase Event 
 
(see Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase)) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 126 ---
119 
 
20.  
Make-Whole Redemption 
 
(see Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase)) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i)  
Make-Whole Redemption 
 
Rate: 
[The yield to maturity on the [] Business Day 
preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date of the 
[] due [] (ISIN: [])]/[]  
 
(ii)  
Make-Whole Redemption 
Margin: 
[] per cent. 
 
21.  
Change of Control Put Option 
 
(see Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase)) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
22.  
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
23.  
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default or other early redemption: 
 
(see Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase)) 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
 
(see “Form of the Notes” on page 
101) 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
definitive Notes on the Exchange Date]  
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
25.   
New Global Note 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
26.  
Financial Centre(s)  
[Not Applicable]/[] 
 
27.  
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes]/[No]

--- Page 127 ---
120 
 
28.  
Details relating to Instalment Notes:  
 
(see Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase)) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i)  
Instalment Amount(s): 
[] 
 
(ii)  
Instalment Date(s):  
[] 
 
29.  
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable]/[The provisions in Condition 16 
(Further Issues) apply] 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
30. 
If syndicated, names of   
 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable]/[] 
 
31.  
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable]/[] 
 
32.  
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
 
(see page 149) 
[Reg. S Compliance Category: TEFRA D/ TEFRA 
not applicable] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[] has been extracted from []. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]

--- Page 128 ---
121 
 
By: …………………………………………. 
Signed on behalf of [Naturgy Finance B.V.]4/[Naturgy Finance Iberia, S.A.]5 
Duly authorised 
 
By: …………………………………………. 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor 
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
4 Include for issues of Notes prior to the Effective Date of Conversion (as defined in “Conversion of Naturgy Finance B.V.”). 
5 Include for issues of Notes on or following the Effective Date of Conversion (as defined in “Conversion of Naturgy Finance B.V.”).

--- Page 129 ---
122 
 
OTHER INFORMATION 
1.  
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i)  
Listing: 
 
 
(see cover page) 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed on [the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/[].]/[Application 
is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be listed on [].]/[Not applicable.] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange]/[]] with effect from [●].]/[Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on []] with effect 
from [].]/[Not applicable.] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii)  
Estimate of total 
 
expenses related to 
 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
 
2.  
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [(have 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated [●] by [●]] [and 
endorsed by [●]] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[[●] is established in the European Union and is 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 (the 
“CRA Regulation”).] 
[[●] is not established in the European Union and has 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”).] 
[[●] is established in the European Union and has 
applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”), 
although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision 
has not yet been provided by the relevant competent 
authority.] 
[[●] is not established in the European Union and has 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”) but the rating 
issued by it is endorsed by [●] which is established in 
the European Union and [is registered under the CRA 
Regulation]/[has applied for registration under the 
CRA Regulation, although notification of the

--- Page 130 ---
123 
 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the relevant competent authority].] 
[[●] is not established in the European Union and has 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”) but is certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation.] 
[[●] is not established in the European Union and is not 
certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 (the 
“CRA Regulation”) and the rating given by it is not 
endorsed by a Credit Rating Agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation.] 
[A list of rating agencies registered under the CRA 
Regulation 
can 
be 
found 
at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs.] 
[[●] is established in the UK and registered under the 
CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).] 
[[●] is established in a third country but the rating it has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under the EUWA (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).] 
[[●] is established in a third country but is certified 
under the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Not Applicable]/[Save for (i) any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers] and (ii) so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue/offer of the Notes has an interest material 
to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for the Issuer, the Guarantor and any of their affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business for which they may receive fees.]/[●] 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[general corporate purposes]/ [●] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for the offer are different from 
general corporate purposes, will need to include those 
reasons here.) 
 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
5.  
Fixed Rate Notes only — YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION

--- Page 131 ---
124 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. and the relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(iv) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would 
allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes][No][Not Applicable] 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
 
(v) 
Names and addresses of 
initial Paying Agent(s): 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying 
Agent(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[●]

--- Page 132 ---
125 
 
DESCRIPTION OF NATURGY FINANCE B.V. 
Incorporation and Status 
Naturgy Finance B.V. was incorporated on 26 November 1993 under the name Union Fenosa Finance B.V. 
and operates under the laws of The Netherlands as a private limited liability company (besloten 
vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) with its corporate seat in Rotterdam, The Netherlands, for 
an indefinite period. On 23 March 2012, its name changed from Union Fenosa Finance B.V. to Gas Natural 
Fenosa Finance B.V. and its statutory seat changed from Rotterdam to Amsterdam. Its name changed to 
Naturgy Finance B.V. pursuant to an amendment to the articles of association on 6 August 2018. The 
registered office address of the Issuer is at Barbara Strozzilaan 101, 1083 HN Amsterdam, The Netherlands 
and the telephone number is +31 20 421 32 90. The Issuer is registered with the Trade Register of the Dutch 
Chamber of Commerce under number 24243533. The Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer is 
2138005FTXOJUBQ5J563. The Issuer’s website is www.naturgy.com.  
Organisational Structure and Share Capital 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Guarantor. As at 31 December 2022, the Issuer’s authorised 
share capital was €90,756.00 divided into 200 ordinary shares of €453.78 each. Its issued share capital is 
fully paid-up. The Issuer has no subsidiaries.  
Business 
The Issuer was incorporated to facilitate the raising of finance for the Group. 
In order to achieve its objectives, the Issuer is authorised to raise funds by issuing negotiable obligations, 
perpetual subordinated securities and commercial paper on the capital and money markets. 
Managing Directors  
On 17 September 2015, the Guarantor, in its capacity as the sole shareholder of the Issuer, resolved, among 
other things, to (i) amend the articles of association of the Issuer, (ii) establish a Supervisory Board and an 
Audit Committee out of its members and (iii) change the composition of the Board of Management of the 
Issuer, reducing its members from five to three. The creation of the Supervisory Board and the Audit 
Committee was aimed at improving the corporate governance of the Issuer. The function of the Supervisory 
Board is to supervise the Issuer’s Board of Management, the general course of affairs and business of the 
Issuer. 
The Board of Management of the Issuer has the ultimate responsibility for the administration of the affairs 
of the Issuer. The managing directors, their position in the Issuer and their principal activities outside the 
Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus are as follows: 
Name 
Position 
Principal activities outside the Issuer 
Enrique Berenguer Marsal 
Managing 
Director 
Finance Director of the Group 
Nessa Goes-Cherif 
Managing 
Director 
Proxy holder A 
of Intertrust (Netherlands) B.V. 
Valeria Torres Ledesma 
Managing 
Director 
— 
 
The business address of the Issuer and the managing directors is Barbara Strozzilaan 101, 1083 HN 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands. 
Members of the Supervisory Board  
The Supervisory Board of the Issuer has the responsibility of supervising the Issuer’s Board of Management, 
the general course of affairs and business of the Issuer. In December 2019, the Supervisory Board also 
assumed the functions of the Issuer’s Audit Committee. The members of the Supervisory Board, their

--- Page 133 ---
126 
 
position in the Issuer and their principal activities outside the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
are as follows: 
Name 
Position 
 
Principal activities outside the Issuer 
Irene Velasco Miranda 
Supervisory Board 
member  
Head of the Accounting Planning and Corporate 
Operations Department of the Group  
Javier Izquiero Sanz 
Supervisory Board 
member 
Member of the Finance Department of the Group 
Maarten van Daalen 
Supervisory Board 
member 
Managing director of Amstelcorp B.V., a provider 
of legal, administrative and accounting services to 
international corporations 
The business address of the members of the Supervisory Board is Handelsweg 53, 1181 ZA Amstelveen, 
The Netherlands. 
Conflicts of Interest  
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the managing directors and the members of 
the Supervisory Board of the Issuer to the Issuer and their respective private interests and/or duties. 
Conversion 
On 30 November 2023, the board of directors of the Issuer agreed to effectuate a statutory cross-border 
conversion to be carried out pursuant to Directive (EU) 2019/2121 and the relevant implementing legislation 
in the Netherlands and Spain and whereby the Issuer, without being dissolved or wound up or going into 
liquidation, transfers its registered office from the Netherlands to Spain and converts its legal form from a 
Dutch limited company (B.V. or besloten vennootschap) to a Spanish limited company (S.A. or sociedad 
anónima). See the section entitled “Conversion of Naturgy Finance B.V.” for further information.

--- Page 134 ---
127 
 
DESCRIPTION OF NATURGY ENERGY GROUP, S.A. 
Incorporation and Status 
Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. (the “Guarantor”) was incorporated on 28 January 1843 for an indefinite 
period and operates under Spanish law as a limited liability company (sociedad anónima) registered at the 
Commercial Registry of Madrid with reference Volume 36,567, Folio 35, Page M-656514. Its change of 
name from Gas Natural SDG, S.A. to Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. was agreed on 27 June 2018 at the 
Guarantor’s general shareholders’ meeting and such name change took effect on that day. The registered 
office of the Guarantor is at Avenida de América, 38. 28028 Madrid, Spain and the telephone number is 
+34 91 589 34 50. The Legal Entity Identifier of the Guarantor is TL2N6M87CW970S5SV098. The 
Guarantor’s website is www.naturgy.com. 
The Guarantor is the parent company of the Group. For an overview of the Guarantor’s subsidiaries, joint 
ventures, jointly-controlled assets and operations and associates, please see Appendix I to the 2022 Interim 
Financial Statements, which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Share Capital 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the authorised share capital of the Guarantor is €969,613,801, 
represented by book entries and forming a single class. The share capital is fully subscribed and paid up.  
Principal Shareholders  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, and based on the latest information available to the Guarantor, the 
Guarantor’s largest shareholders are: (i) Criteria Caixa, S.A.U. (“Criteria”) with a shareholding of 26.7%, 
(ii) Rioja Acquisitions S.à.r.l. with a shareholding of 20.7%, (iii) GIP III Canary 1 S.à.r.l. with a 
shareholding of 20.6%, (iv) Global InfraCo O (2) S.à.r.l. (“Global InfraCo”), a subsidiary of IFM Global 
Infrastructure Fund (“IFM GIF”), with a shareholding of 14.5% and (v) Société Nationale pour la 
Recherche, la Production, le Transport, la Transformation, et la Commercialisation des Hydrocarbures s.p.a. 
(“Sonatrach”) with a shareholding of 4.1%. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
Naturgy’s financial disclosures as well as the information set forth in this Base Prospectus (including in this 
section “Description of Naturgy Energy Group, S.A.”) contain magnitudes and metrics drafted in accordance 
with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and others that are based on the Group’s 
disclosure model, referred to as Alternative Performance Measures (“APMs”), which are viewed as adjusted 
figures with respect to those presented in accordance with IFRS standards. 
The chosen APMs are useful for persons consulting financial information as they allow for an analysis of 
the financial performance, cash flows and financial situation of Naturgy, as well as a comparison with other 
companies. 
Generally, APM terms are directly traceable to the relevant items of the interim consolidated balance sheet, 
interim consolidated income statement, interim consolidated cash flow statement or notes to the condensed 
interim consolidated financial statements of Naturgy. Terms which cannot be directly cross-referenced are 
reconciled in Appendix I (Glossary of Terms) to the Interim Consolidated Directors’ Report 2022 which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
History  
The history of the Group can be traced back to 28 January 1843, when Sociedad Catalana para el 
Alumbrado por Gas was incorporated with the aim of installing a street lighting system in the city of 
Barcelona by means of gas manufactured from coal. In 1987, the company changed its name to Catalana de 
Gas, S.A. and, on 31 December 1991, Catalana de Gas, S.A. merged with and absorbed Gas Madrid, S.A. 
(incorporated in 1921), thus acquiring the piped gas distribution assets of the Repsol group. In March 1992, 
Catalana de Gas, S.A., the surviving entity from the merger, changed its name to Gas Natural SDG, S.A.

--- Page 135 ---
128 
 
In the 1990s, the Group commenced a process of international expansion. In December 1992, the Group led 
a consortium that successfully bid for 70% of a concession to distribute natural gas in Argentina, and, in 
1996, the Group became the majority shareholder in Metragaz, S.A. (“Metragaz”) and Europe-Maghreb 
Pipeline Ltd. 
Since 1997, the Group continued its process of international expansion through the acquisition of gas and 
electricity assets in Latin America (including Brazil, Colombia, Mexico and Puerto Rico) and Western 
Europe (principally Italy and France). Pursuant to an agreement signed on 30 July 2008, the Guarantor 
acquired an additional stake in Unión Fenosa, S.A. (“Unión Fenosa”) from Actividades de Construcción y 
Servicios, S.A. (“ACS”) and subsequently launched a mandatory takeover bid for the remaining Unión 
Fenosa shares. The takeover offer was successful and the merger process between the Guarantor and Unión 
Fenosa was completed in September 2009. 
On 8 January 2013, the Group signed an agreement with Algerian company Sonatrach to acquire 10% of 
Medgaz, S.A. (“Medgaz”). Medgaz operates the Algeria-Europe subsea gas pipeline connecting Beni Saf 
(Algeria) with the coast of Almería (Spain). On 30 July 2013, the Guarantor acquired from GDF Suez a 
4.9% shareholding in Medgaz, thereby increasing its total stake to 14.9%. 
On 15 October 2019, Naturgy reached an agreement to acquire an additional 34.05% stake in Medgaz from 
CEPSA Holding LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Mubadala Investment Company (“Mubadala”), for 
€445 million, through a special purpose vehicle (“SPV”). On 2 April 2020, BlackRock’s Global Energy & 
Power Infrastructure Fund (“GEPIF”) acquired a 50% stake in the SPV at the same price at which the 
Medgaz stake was agreed to be purchased from Mubadala. 
On 19 March 2018, the Group sold a minority stake of 20% in the Group’s gas distribution business in Spain 
to a consortium of long-term infrastructure investors comprising Allianz Capital Partners and Canada 
Pension Plan Investment Board.  
On 13 November 2020, Naturgy announced an agreement to sell its 96.04% equity shareholding in Chilean 
utility company Compañia General de Electricidad, S.A. (“CGE”) (which holds the power business in 
Chile) to State Grid International Development Limited for a total purchase price of €2,570 million. The 
transaction was completed on 26 July 2021. 
On 1 December 2020, Naturgy, Eni S.p.A. (“ENI”) and The Arab Republic of Egypt reached an agreement 
to resolve the disputes affecting Union Fenosa Gas (“UFG”), the 50%/50% partnership between Naturgy 
and ENI. The transaction completed in March 2021 and Naturgy received a series of cash payments adding 
up to approximately U.S.$0.6bn, as well as most of the assets outside of Egypt, excluding UFG’s 
commercial activities in Spain.  
On 25 January 2021, Global InfraCo (the “Offeror”), wholly-owned by IFM GIF, launched a voluntary and 
unsolicited offer made for 220,000,000 shares in the Guarantor, representing 22.689% of the Guarantor’s 
share capital (the “Offer”). On 14 October 2021, the Offeror announced that the Offer had been accepted 
by 105,021,887 shares, representing 10.83% of the Guarantor’s share capital and waived the minimum 
acceptance condition of 17%. The consideration of the Offer amounted to €22.07 per share. The Offer was 
settled on 19 October 2021, fully paid in cash, with IFM GIF becoming a significant shareholder in Naturgy 
with an initial shareholding of 10.83%. 
Strategic Plan 2021-2025  
On 27 July 2021, the Guarantor’s Board of Directors unanimously approved a Strategic Plan for the period 
2021 through 2025 (the “Strategic Plan”), which aims to accelerate the transformation of the Group by 
investing in assets aligned with the energy transition and decarbonisation goals. 
The Strategic Plan is part of the strong commitment to ESG criteria that the Group has been implementing 
in recent years and includes a Sustainability Plan with targets for 2025 in the ESG areas. This includes the 
objective of achieving carbon neutrality by 2050 and close to 50% of installed power capacity from 
renewable sources by 2025 as well as a reduction in CO2 emissions (Scope 1 – Scope 3) of 24% by 2025 
(against a 2017 baseline). The Group also aims to achieve gender parity by 2030 and to have more than 40% 
of its executive and management positions occupied by women by 2025. Furthermore, in 2023, Naturgy 
increased the weighting of compliance with ESG targets as part of the remuneration of its management team

--- Page 136 ---
129 
 
from 10% to 20%, and also included emissions-free installed capacity and employee satisfaction metrics to 
the existing health and safety metrics. 
Naturgy strives to find a balanced solution to its energy transition, seeking to contribute to the 
decarbonisation of the economy, while at the same time ensuring security of supply and competitive and 
affordable energy to meet industrial and residential demand. 
Naturgy aims to dedicate a substantial part of its future investments into renewables growth and networks 
activities in countries with stable regulation and strong currencies. Furthermore, Naturgy aims to play a key 
role in renewable gases, including the development of biomethane production and its distribution in Spain, 
which it considers to be a viable option in the short term as well in the hydrogen space, which Naturgy 
believes will have a significant impact on the energy mix in the medium term.  
Naturgy believes it is well positioned to take advantage of renewable gas opportunities and intends to invest 
capital and resources in this area. In addition, digitalisation, mobility, storage and distributed generation are 
also expected to be other areas of focus for investment in the coming years. 
In renewables, Naturgy expects to focus on proven technologies including solar PV, onshore wind and 
storage in stable geographies benefiting from long term visibility. Naturgy believes it has a significant 
renewables pipeline for development in Spain and expects be able to leverage its customer base as a natural 
hedge to balance risks of new renewable capacity. 
As regards networks, Naturgy is committed to maintaining a leading position via pro-active regulatory 
management, digitalisation and best-in-class operations to lower risk and increase cash flow predictability 
in the regions where it operates. 
Furthermore, in energy management, Naturgy seeks to continue to improve its competitiveness and reduce 
risk throughout the portfolio, through the ongoing review and optimisation of gas procurement contracts, 
the remote operation of its CCGT fleet in Spain, as well as the improvement of its cost and investment 
efficiency on its thermal generation operations in Latin America. 
With regard to the supply business, Naturgy aims to continue to improve its competitiveness via market 
repositioning, an integrated energy offering, and the refocusing of its distribution channels, including 
additional third-party agreements. Furthermore, Naturgy aims to improve its customer relationships via 
enhanced data analytics and customer segmentation to improve customer services and enhance loyalty. 
Project Gemini 
On 10 February 2022, Naturgy communicated the decision of its Board of Directors to launch Project 
Gemini, which consists of the significant reorganisation of the Group’s group of companies, of which the 
Guarantor is the parent company. Specifically, the project consisted of a spin-off from the Guarantor under 
the provisions of Title III (Articles 68 et seq.) of Law 3/2009, of 3 April, on structural modifications of 
commercial companies, to create two large groups that would be listed on the Spanish Stock Exchanges and 
have clearly differentiated business profiles whilst maintaining the same shareholder composition, at least 
initially, as a result of the proposed transaction. 
The first of the groups resulting from the proposed spin-off would be headed by Naturgy itself (MarketsCo, 
after the spin-off), as the surviving company, and would encompass, in an integrated manner, the 
deregulated businesses comprising the development of renewable energies, the portfolio of energy 
customers and associated services, the conventional generation fleet and trading in wholesale energy 
markets. The second of the groups resulting from the proposed spin-off would be headed by a newly-created 
company (NetworksCo), as the beneficiary of the spin-off, encompassing all the businesses involved in 
managing regulated gas and electricity distribution and transmission infrastructures. 
Project Gemini was designed to simplify and focus the management of each of the resulting business groups 
to accelerate the Strategic Plan, boosting growth and their contribution to the energy transition.  
In July 2023, Naturgy’s management team updated the status of Project Gemini and the Guarantor’s Board 
of Directors confirmed its strategic sense and requested the team to continue analysing the possible 
execution alternatives and its associated calendars. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the analysis

--- Page 137 ---
130 
 
undergone to date has confirmed the suitability and strategic sense of Project Gemini, although at present it 
is not possible to estimate a precise timing for its execution. 
The Group’s business  
The Group is mainly engaged in the generation, transport, distribution and supply of electricity, as well as 
the liquefaction, regasification, transportation, storage, distribution and supply of natural and renewable gas. 
The Group is mainly organised across its regulated networks businesses (Networks) and its liberalised 
activities (Markets) as follows: 
1. Networks  
 
Iberian Networks: 
– 
Gas networks Spain: encompasses the regulated gas distribution business in Spain. 
– 
Electricity networks Spain: encompasses the regulated electricity distribution business in 
Spain. 
 
Latin American networks: 
– 
Gas networks and supply in Chile  
– 
Gas networks in Brazil 
– 
Gas networks in Mexico 
– 
Electricity networks in Panama 
– 
Gas and electricity networks in Argentina 
2. Markets  
 
Energy Management: 
– 
LNG & Markets: 
o 
both the supply of LNG and the sea transport business (previously International LNG 
segment until 31 December 2022) 
o 
includes all gas procurement and infrastructure management and internal and external 
sales (previously Markets and Procurement segment until 31 December 2022) 
– 
Gas pipelines: Manages the Medgaz gas pipelines (accounted for using the equity method). 
– 
Thermal generation in Spain: includes the management of conventional thermal generation in 
Spain, mainly CCGTs and nuclear energy. 
– 
Thermal generation Latin America: includes the management of conventional thermal 
generation facilities of Global Power Generation (“GPG”) in Mexico, the Dominican 
Republic and Puerto Rico, the latter accounted using the equity method through EcoEléctrica 
LP. 
 
Renewables and new businesses:  
– 
Renewables Spain: includes the management of facilities and generation projects for wind 
energy, mini hydro, solar and cogeneration, as well as hydroelectric generation in Spain. It 
also includes the development portfolio in the rest of Europe. 
– 
Renewables United States: includes the management of photovoltaic generation projects 
developed in the United States.

--- Page 138 ---
131 
 
– 
Renewables Latin America: includes the management of the facilities and renewable 
electricity generation projects of GPG located in Latin America (Brazil, Chile, Costa Rica, 
Mexico and Panama). 
– 
Renewables Australia: includes the management of the renewable power generation fleet and 
projects of GPG located in Australia. 
 
Renewable gas:  
– 
Includes the management of renewable gas projects, specifically biomethane and green 
hydrogen in Spain (previously reported under the Renewables and New businesses segment 
until 31 December 2022). 
 
Supply:  
– 
Manages the commercial model for end customers in gas, electricity and services, 
incorporating new technologies and services. 
– 
Includes all power sales to end customers in Spain. 
– 
Includes gas sourcing from markets and procurement unit and sales to end customers with 
volumes sold below 500GWh/year in Spain. 
 
Rest: 
– 
Includes the Group’s operating expenses as well as other activities, including new businesses 
(previously reported under the Renewables and new businesses segment until 31 December 
2022). 
Markets and Networks  
Naturgy’s economic and financial information included in this section has been broken down between 
“Networks” and “Markets”, representing a grouping or sum of the Group’s operating segments of its 
liberalised and regulated businesses, and which follows the structure of Project Gemini in the event it was 
executed. See “—Project Gemini” above.) The purpose of classifying the Group’s economic information is 
such way is to facilitate the understanding of the evolution of these segments in the context of Project 
Gemini. “Networks” and “Markets” do not correspond to operating segments as defined by IFRS-EU 8 
(Operating Segments). 
Overview of the Group’s business performance  
The energy scenario and the Group’s operational performance during the first half of 2023 translated into 
better results in both regulated and liberalised activities when compared to the Group’s operating 
performance for the same period in 2022.  
The following table sets forth certain information in respect of the Group’s financial performance during 
the six-month periods ended 30 June 2023 and 2022, respectively, unless otherwise indicated. 
 
 
                      Six-month period  
                        ended 30 June 
 
2023
2022
Change (%)
(million €) 
 
EBITDA  
2,849
2,047
39.2
 
Profit attributable to equity holders of the parent 
company  
1,045
557
87.6
Capex 
839
721
16.4
Net debt 
10,752
12,070(1)
(10.9%)

--- Page 139 ---
132 
 
Notes: 
(1) As at 31 December 2022. 
 
EBITDA amounted to €2,849 million in the first half of 2023, an increase of 39.2% when compared to the 
corresponding period in 2022, mainly due to the strong performance of the Group’s international liberalised 
businesses supported by the energy scenario.  
Capex amounted to €839 million during the first half of 2023, an increase of 16.4% when compared to the 
first half of 2022, mainly due to expenditure in renewables and networks. 
As of 30 June 2023, net debt amounted to €10,752 million, a decrease from the €12,070 million recorded as 
at 31 December 2022, mainly due to the strong cash flow generated by liberalised activities. During the six-
month period ended 30 June 2023, Naturgy paid out a dividend of €1.2 per share corresponding to the final 
dividend for 2022. 
The table below sets forth the breakdown of the Group’s EBITDA by activity during the six-month periods 
ended 30 June 2023 and 2022, respectively.  
 
 
                   Six-month period 
                    ended 30 June 
 
2023
2022
Change (%)
                     (million €) 
 
Networks 
1,261
1,198
5.3 
Markets  
1,677
911
84.1 
Rest  
(89)
(62)
(43.5) 
EBITDA 
2,849  
2,047
39.2 
 
Markets businesses were mainly responsible for the Group’s improved performance during the first half of 
2023 when compared to the same period in 2022. Markets EBITDA amounted to €1,677 million for the six-
month period ended 30 June 2023, an increase of 84.1% when compared to the same period in 2022, which 
mainly resulted from energy management and supply activities. Markets businesses generated 58.9% of the 
Group’s EBITDA for the first half of 2023, with the remaining 44.3% generated from the Networks 
businesses.  
The table below sets forth certain information in respect of the Group’s main gas and electricity output 
figures for the six-month periods ended 30 June 2023 and 2022, respectively, unless otherwise indicated. 
Six-month period ended 
30 June  
2023 
2022 
Change (%) 
Gas distribution (GWh) .....................................................................
192,500 
209,135 
(8.0)
Electricity distribution (GWh) ..........................................................
16,060 
16,775 
(4.3)
Gas supply (GWh) ............................................................................
82,311 
111,028 
(0.3)
Electricity supply (GWh) ..................................................................
9,834 
11,532 
(14.7)
International LNG (GWh) .................................................................
54,204 
59,001 
(8.1)
 
 
Gas distribution connections (in thousands)(1)...................................
11,058
11,050
0.1
Electricity distribution connections (in thousands) (1) ........................
4,844
4,803
0.9
Installed capacity (MW) (1) ................................................................
16,370
15,990
2.4
Electricity generated (GWh)..............................................................
20,591
20,100
2.4
Note: 
(1) 
As at 30 June.

--- Page 140 ---
133 
 
Results by business 
1. Networks 
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the EBITDA of the Group’s networks business 
corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 
 
Six-month period 
               ended 30 June 
 
2023
2022
Change (%)
 
(million €) 
Networks  
1,261 
1,198 
5.3
Networks Spain 
732 
801 
(8.6)
Gas networks 
411 
456 
(9.9)
Electricity networks 
321 
345 
(7.0)
Networks Latin America 
529 
397 
33.2
Chile gas 
117 
12 
-
Brazil gas 
165 
142 
16.2
Mexico gas 
140 
123 
13.8
Panama electricity 
76 
68 
11.8
Argentina  
              31
              52
(40.4)
Networks EBITDA amounted to €1,261 million during the first half of 2023, an increase of 5.3% when 
compared to the corresponding period in 2022, mainly due to the good performance of the Networks 
business in Latin America, benefiting from tariff updates reflecting inflation from previous periods. 
According to the criteria established by International Accounting Standard (“IAS”) 29 “Financial 
Information in Hyperinflationary Economies”, the Argentine economy should be considered as 
hyperinflationary. As a result, FX differences arising from 30 June 2023 will be applied to the full year 2023 
results, which will also be updated by inflation rates.  
EBITDA for Networks Latin America amounted to €529 million for the six-month period ended 30 June 
2023, an increase of 33.2% when compared to the same period in 2022.  
EBITDA for Networks Spain amounted to €732 million for the first half of 2023, a decrease of 8.6% when 
compared to the same period in 2022, mainly due to low gas demand in the residential segment as a result 
of milder temperatures in the winter months as well as lower industrial demand, following the volatile gas 
price environment experienced over the previous twelve months. The progressive remuneration adjustments 
due as a result of the current regulatory framework translate into lower remuneration for Spanish gas 
networks when compared to previous periods. See “Risk Factors—Risk Factors that may affect the Issuer’s 
and the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil their obligations under the Notes—Legal and regulatory risks—Risks 
relating to the Group’s regulatory environment” for more information.

--- Page 141 ---
134 
 
2. Markets  
The table below sets forth certain information regarding the EBITDA of the Group’s liberalised business 
corresponding to the six-month periods ended 30 June 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
                    Six-month period 
                   ended 30 June 
 
2023
2022
Change (%)
 
(million €) 
Markets 
1,677
911
84.1
Energy management  
1,096
580
89.0
 
LNG & Markets 
858
385
122.9
Pipelines 
― 
(6)
(100.0)
Spain thermal generation 
108
74
45.9
Latin America thermal generation 
130
127
2.4
Renewable generation 
 235 
 175 
 34.3 
Spain 
205
165
24.2
USA 
  (6) 
(25) 
(76.0)
Australia 
5 
― 
―
Latin America 
31
35
(11.4) 
Renewable gases 
(2)
(1)
100.0
Supply 
348
157
121.7
 
Markets EBITDA amounted to €1,677 million during the first half of 2023, an increase of 84.1% when 
compared to the corresponding period in 2022, mainly driven by energy management and supply activities. 
EBITDA for the energy management business amounted to €1,096 million, an increase of 89% in the first 
half of 2023 when compared to the corresponding period in 2022, reflecting high storage levels as a result 
of lower demand, particularly in Asia, and milder temperatures in Europe. Thermal generation in Spain also 
benefited from higher margins and the increased EBITDA in the energy management business was also as 
a result of the reappraisal of the Group’s financial hedging due to the ineffectiveness of derivatives 
accounted for in 2022.  
EBITDA for the renewable generation business amounted to €235 million in the first half of 2023, an 
increase of 34.3% when compared to the corresponding period in 2022, mainly due to higher installed 
capacity and higher production in Spain, particularly in conventional hydropower. 
EBITDA for the supply business in Spain amounted to €348 million for the six-month period ended 30 June 
2023, an increase of 121.7% when compared to the same period in 2022, benefiting from higher margins. 
Legislation in Spain  
The Group operates in a highly regulated environment that impacts both regulated and liberalised activities. 
An overview of such laws and regulations is available at Annex IV (Regulatory Framework) of the 
Guarantor’s consolidated annual accounts as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022, which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
Although the overview, together with the description of certain important legal and regulatory developments 
set out in “Risk Factors—Risk Factors That May Affect the Issuer’s and the Guarantor’s Ability to Fulfil 
Their Obligations Under The Securities―Legal and Regulatory Risks―Risks relating to the Group’s

--- Page 142 ---
135 
 
regulatory environment”, contains all the information that the Group considers material as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and in the context of the issue of the Notes, it does not constitute an exhaustive description 
of all applicable laws and regulations affecting the Group. 
Prospective investors and/or their advisers should make their own analysis of the legislation and regulations 
applicable to the Group and of the impact they may have on the Group and any investment in the Notes and 
should not rely on this overview only.  
Litigation and Arbitration  
The sectors in which the Group operates have in recent years grown more litigious, as a result of the volatility 
of fuel prices and greater competition in the liberalised market, among other factors, and the Guarantor and 
its subsidiaries are currently involved in a number of judicial, arbitration and regulatory proceedings. Given 
the nature of the Group’s business and the sectors in which it operates, and the time required for a final 
decision to be adopted, the amounts involved in such proceedings can be significant. An adverse outcome 
in respect of one or more of these claims could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial 
condition and results of operation. 
In addition, members of the Group may, from time to time, be subject to civil, administrative and criminal 
liability claims for damage caused as a result of incidents arising in the Group’s ordinary course of 
operations. Such incidents may include breakdowns in the gas distribution network, gas explosions or 
damage caused by the Group’s tankers that transport LNG. Any such claims could result in the payment of 
damages by the Group in accordance with the legislation applicable in the countries in which the Group 
operates. While the Group seeks to obtain insurance cover for risks related to civil liability claims, its 
financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected to the extent any losses are uninsured, 
exceed the applicable limitations under its insurance policies or are subject to the payment of an excess 
towards the insured amount or to the extent the premiums payable in respect of such policies are increased 
as a result of insurance claims. 
The main judicial, arbitration and regulatory proceedings against the Group as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus are set forth below. 
Claims for Programa de Integración Social (“PIS”) and Contribución para la Financiación de la 
Seguridad Social (“COFINS”) taxes in Brazil 
In September 2005, the Tax Administration of Rio de Janeiro declared void the recognition that it had 
previously accepted in April 2003 to compensate the loans for the contributions related to the sale of PIS 
and COFINS paid by Companhia Distribuidora de Gás do Rio de Janeiro (“CEG”), in which the Group 
holds an interest of 54.2%. The Tax Administration confirmed this resolution in March 2007 and CEG 
therefore filed an appeal with the administrative courts (Justiça Federal do Rio de Janeiro). On 26 January 
2009, notification was received of public civil action against CEG in connection with the same events which 
are being processed. The total amount of this disputed tax liability, including interests, amounted as of the 
2007 resolution date to 386 million Brazilian Real, which now stands at 506 million Brazilian Real. The 
Court of First Instance issued a decision in November 2015 partially accepting the claim of CEG, ordering 
the refund and the payment of the tax debt plus costs in the amount of 108 million Brazilian Real and 
rejecting the imposition of default interest (updated) and fines. The sentence was appealed by the Federal 
Treasury of Brazil and by CEG before the Federal Court of Rio de Janeiro (Chamber of Appeal). 
Companhia Distribuidora de Gas do Rio de Janeiro (“CEG”) and CEG RIO S/A (“CEG RIO”) 
In December 2021, a lawsuit was filed by CEG, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Guarantor, against 
Petróleo Brasileiro S.A. (“Petrobras”) alleging abuse of economic power in the economic conditions 
requested by Petrobras in the extension of its gas supply contract. Certain precautionary measures were 
granted, which ensured that the 2021 economic contractual terms have been maintained. In parallel, 
Petrobras has initiated an arbitration process. The total amount of the contingency for the years 2022 and 
2023 is approximately 3.4 billion Brazilian Real.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, an agreement has been reached by the parties but not executed yet. 
Once signed, all judicial and arbitration processes are expected to be stopped and a new gas supply contract 
between Petrobras, CEG and CEG RIO is to be established. Once the new contract is in place, the Group

--- Page 143 ---
136 
 
believes that no contingencies should be generated for CEG and CEG RIO as the costs of gas are expected 
to be passed through to clients. 
Claims between Transportadora de Gas del Norte S.A. and Metrogas, S.A. 
Transportadora de Gas del Norte S.A. filed various claims against Metrogas, a Chilean company owned by 
the Group as to 55.6%, in different first instance civil courts in Argentina on the grounds of alleged 
contractual breaches in relation to the transport of gas from Argentina to Chile that arose as a consequence 
of the Argentine energy crisis that started in 2004. 
In April 2017, Metrogas received legal notification from the Court ordering to consolidate the proceedings, 
which amount to a total of U.S.$227 million in claims plus interest.  
On 4 August 2022, a first-instance judgment was notified to Metrogas ordering it to pay Transportadora de 
Gas del Norte S.A. approximately U.S.$250 million for unpaid invoices and damages, plus costs and 
interest. This ruling is not final and was appealed by Metrogas on 21 September 2023. 
AGESA / Metrogas 
In November 2021, a collective action for the defence of consumers was filed in an Ordinary Court by the 
National Corporation of Consumers and Users of Chile (CONADECUS), requesting that Metrogas and 
AGESA (a Chilean gas procurement company, of which the Guarantor indirectly owns 60%) compensate 
customers for excessive gas tariff charges in the amount of €473 million. There is a similar lawsuit by 
Organización de Consumidores de Chile (ODECU) against Metrogas, for an amount of €523 million. In 
each case, a fine in the amount of €39 million has also been requested. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
both lawsuits are at a preliminary stage and are currently under discussion.  
In 2022, a lawsuit was initiated by six partners of CONADECUS against Metrogas and AGESA for alleged 
abuse of dominant position in charging abusive prices to customers as a result of the split of Metrogas’ 
business into two companies. Fines have been requested in an amount equivalent to 30% of the revenue of 
Metrogas and AGESA during the alleged abuse period or double the economic benefit obtained during that 
period, as well as the dissolution of AGESA. 
In January 2023, Generadora Metropolitana SpA (“Generadora Metropolitana”) filed a lawsuit against 
Metrogas, requesting, among other things, to enter into a continuous natural gas transportation service 
contract under terms that comply with free competition regulations or, alternatively, to modify the ad-hoc 
tariff, subject to similar conditions contained in the previous contract. In addition, Generadora Metropolitana 
is requesting Metrogas to compensate it in the amount of €161 million. 
GPG Mexico 
In 2017, a lawsuit was filed in the Mexican courts by an indigenous community challenging the permits 
granted to certain of the Group’s wind farms in Oaxaca, Mexico, including those of BII HIOXO. The courts 
rejected the claim on the grounds of lack of legitimacy of the plaintiffs as an indigenous community. 
However, this decision was appealed and the court upheld the appeal filed by the indigenous community, 
which will force the lawsuit to be repeated. The first instance has been won by Global Power Generation 
S.A., (a Mexican power generation company owned by the Group as to 75%) but the appeal is pending. The 
cost of construction of the wind farm is expected to amount to in total U.S.$400 million (and currently 
amounts to U.S.$230 million). 
Electricaribe 
On 14 November 2016, the Superintendence for Residential Public Services of the Republic of Colombia 
(the “Superintendence”) reported the government takeover of Electrificadora del Caribe, S.A. ESP 
(“Electricaribe”), a Naturgy investee company, as well as the removal of the members of the governing 
body and the general manager, and their replacement by a special agent appointed by the Superintendence. 
On 14 March 2017, the Superintendence announced the decision to liquidate Electricaribe. On 22 March 
2017, Naturgy initiated arbitration proceedings before the Court of the United Nations Commission for 
International Trade Law (UNCITRAL). In March 2021, the award was issued rejecting both Naturgy’s claim 
and Colombia’s counterclaim. Over the years, several Colombian government agencies brought

--- Page 144 ---
137 
 
administrative and judicial proceedings against the Group or its employees on behalf of Electricaribe, 
including the Public Prosecutor’s Office, the Superintendence for Public Services and the Superintendence 
for Companies. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Eletricaribe is still in the process of being liquidated. 
Endesa 
Endesa has notified the Group in November 2021 of the commencement of an arbitration proceeding in 
respect of the existing LNG sale and purchase agreement between Endesa and Naturgy. The dispute arises 
from Endesa’s obligation to pay the part of the contract price linked to the use of Naturgy’s fleet even if it 
cancels a cargo. Endesa estimates its claims at a maximum amount of U.S.$78 million. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the proceedings are in the final stage. 
Additionally, Endesa has initiated arbitration proceedings challenging a gas procurement contract audit that 
has already been finalised. Endesa requests U.S.$44.6 million in compensation and refuses to pay U.S.$13 
million. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the proceedings are in the final stage. 
EDP 
EDP Clientes, S.A. has initiated arbitration proceedings in November 2021 regarding the early termination 
of the Trinidad LNG SPEA and Bilbao LNG SPEA framework agreement, LNG sale and purchase contracts 
and the payment of extra costs. EDP is claiming the payment of invoices for replacement gas that it 
purchased in Spain as a result of adjustments to the amounts made under the Bilbao LNG SPEA, following 
the curtailments EDP suffered under the Trinidad LNG SPEA. The claim is for U.S.$534 million. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the proceedings are in the final stage. 
Research and Development 
The Group engages in research and development both independently and in collaboration with other Spanish 
and international companies and bodies. The Group’s research and development focuses mainly on (i) safety 
in the transportation of natural gas, (ii) methods of reducing environmental impact, (iii) the development of 
new technologies in the distribution of gas and (iv) the development of new applications for natural gas. 
Environmental Matters 
The Group’s operations are subject to environmental protection laws and regulations of the European Union, 
Spain and the other countries in which the Group operates or is located. 
These operations are developed in accordance with the environmental strategy of the Group and focus on 
climate, air quality, water, natural capital and a sustainable economy.  
Insurance 
In line with industry practice, the Group insures its assets and activities worldwide. Among the risks insured 
are damage to property, business interruption and civil liability to third parties arising in connection with 
the Group’s operations. The Group’s insurance policies also include indemnification limits and deductibles. 
The Group considers its level of insurance coverage to be appropriate for the risks inherent in its business. 
The Group has its own reinsurance company, Natural Re, S.A. (“Natural Re”). Natural Re is completely 
integrated within the risk management of the Group and acts as a centralised global operations tool, 
providing coverage against Group risks. Natural Re retains part of the risk and purchases reinsurance 
protection to mitigate its exposure. Furthermore, Natural Re allows the Group to implement its insurance 
programme consistently across the varying regulatory environments applicable to the countries in which the 
Group operates. 
Employees  
As at 30 June 2023, the Group employed 7,072 persons in Spain, Brazil, Chile, France, Mexico, Morocco, 
Panama and Argentina, among other countries.

--- Page 145 ---
138 
 
The Group has not experienced industrial actions in the past five years. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Naturgy is not aware of any material labour dispute, other than disputes within the normal course 
of business.  
Management – Board of Directors  
The Board of Directors of the Guarantor has ultimate responsibility for the administration of the affairs of 
the Group. The directors, their position on the Board of Directors of the Guarantor, and their principal 
activities outside the Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus are as follows:  
 
Name 
 
Position 
Principal activities outside the 
Group  
Francisco Reynés Massanet
Chairman & CEO
Isabel Estapé 
Director 
Proprietary Director for Criteria 
Caixa, S.A.U. 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Criteria Caixa, S.A.U. and Joint  
Administrator of Triana 88 SL.
Enrique Alcántara-García 
Irazoqui 
Director 
Proprietary Director for Criteria 
Caixa, S.A.U. 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Criteria Caixa, S.A.U., Partner and 
Administrator of Bufete Alcántara, 
S.L.P. 
Helena Herrero Starkie 
Independent Director 
Chairwoman and CEO of HP 
Printing and Computing Solutions, 
S.L.U. and Director of Mutua 
Madrileña
Rajaram Rao 
Director 
(Proprietary Director for GIP III 
Canary 1 S.à.r.l.) 
Partner of GIP, chairman of VENA 
ENERGY and director of Mata 
Biles LTD
Ramón Adell Ramón 
Director 
(Proprietary Director for 
Criteria Caixa, S.A.U.) 
Director of Oryzon Genomics, S.A., 
Director of Allianz, Cía. de Seguros 
y Reaseguros, S.A and  Director of 
Fénix Directo, Cía. de Seguros y 
Reaseguros, S.A
Claudi Santiago Ponsa 
Independent Director 
Director 
of 
FINAVES, 
IESE 
Business School (Barcelona)
Pedro Sainz de Baranda 
Independent Director 
Member of the Board of Directors of 
Gestamp 
Automoción, 
S.A., 
director of TK Elevator GmbH, 
director of Sainberg, S.L., chairman 
of  Internacional Olivarera, S.A., 
director of Scalpers Fashion, S.L., 
Administrator of Pedro Duro S.L. 
and Administrator of Inversores de 
Tornón
Javier de Jaime Guijarro  
Director 
(Proprietary Director for Rioja 
Acquisition S.à.r.l.) 
Director Partner and member of the 
Board of Directors of CVC Capital 
Partners, S.L., Representative of the 
Director 
Theatre 
Directorship 
Service 
Beta 
of 
Baranoa 
Directorship, S.L., Representative 
of the Director Theatre Directorship 
of Vitalia Plus, S.A., Representative

--- Page 146 ---
139 
 
of the Director Theatre Directorship 
Service Alpha, S.à.r.l. of Vivaly 
Inversiones 
Globales, 
S.L, 
Administrator of Compañía de 
Gestion e Inversión Jade, S.L and 
Administrator 
of 
Jade 
Agroalimentación S.L.
Lucy Chadwick 
Director 
(Proprietary Director for GIP III 
Canary 1 S.à.r.l.) 
Partner at Global Infrastructure 
Partners, 
Director 
of 
Nuovo 
Transport Viaggiatori (NTV) Italo 
Sp, Director of Gatwick Airport 
Limited and Director of Associated 
‘Ivy Group of Companies’
José Antonio Torre de Silva 
López de Letona  
Director 
(Proprietary Director for Rioja 
Acquisition S.à.r.l.) 
Partner of CVC Capital Partners, 
Board of Directors of Compañía 
Logística de Hidrocarburos CLH, 
S.A., Representative of the Director 
Theatre of Tendam Retail, S.A., 
Administrator of Sigurd Europe 
S.L., Chairman of Porterdale S.L.
Jaime Siles Fernández-Palacios 
Director 
(Proprietary Director for Global 
InfraCo O (2) S.à.r.l.) 
Investment 
Director 
in 
IFM’s 
Infrastructure 
Team, 
Joint 
Administrators of Global Infraco SP 
Neum S.L.U., Joint Administrators  
of Kestros Mersin Services S.L.U., 
Joint Administrators of  Meander 
Mersin Services S.L.U. and Joint 
Administrator of Sarus Mersin 
Services S.L.U.
 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors is Avenida de América 38, Madrid, 28028, 
Spain. 
Conflicts of interest 
To the Guarantor’s knowledge, there are no conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the members 
of the Board of Directors to the Guarantor, and their respective private interests and/or duties.

--- Page 147 ---
140 
 
TAXATION AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH THE NOTES 
The following is a general description of certain European Union, United States, Dutch and Spanish tax 
considerations relating to the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts. It does not purport to be a complete 
analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts whether in those 
countries or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts should consult their 
own tax advisers as to which countries’ tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of 
Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts 
under the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of 
those countries. This overview is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Taxation in The Netherlands  
This is a general summary and the tax consequences as described here may not apply to a holder of Notes, 
Coupons, Talons or Receipts. Any potential investors should consult their own tax advisers for more 
information about the tax consequences of acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes, Coupons, Talons or 
Receipts in their particular circumstances. 
This taxation summary solely addresses the principal Netherlands tax consequences of the acquisition, the 
ownership and disposition of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts issued by Naturgy Finance B.V. after the 
date hereof held by a holder of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts who is not a resident of The Netherlands. 
It does not consider every aspect of taxation that may be relevant to a particular holder of Notes, Coupons, 
Talons or Receipts under special circumstances or who is subject to special treatment under applicable law. 
Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to refer to Netherlands concepts, the meaning 
to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent 
Netherlands concepts under Netherlands tax law. 
This summary is based on the tax laws of The Netherlands as they are in force and in effect on the date of 
this Base Prospectus. The Netherlands means the European part of the Kingdom of The Netherlands. The 
laws upon which this summary is based are subject to change, potentially with retroactive effect. A change 
to such laws may invalidate the contents of this summary, which will not be updated to reflect any such 
change. This summary assumes that each transaction with respect to Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts is 
at arm’s length. 
This summary does not address the tax consequences of any holder of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts 
who is a resident of any non-European part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands. 
Also, this summary does not address the Dutch tax consequences for a holder of Notes, Coupons, Talons or 
Receipts that is considered to be affiliated (gelieerd) to Naturgy Finance B.V. within the meaning of the 
Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). Generally, a holder of Notes, Coupons, Talons 
or Receipts is considered to be affiliated (gelieerd) to Naturgy Finance B.V. for these purposes if such 
holder, either individually or as part of a collaborating group (samenwerkende groep), has a decisive 
influence on Naturgy Finance B.V.’s decisions, in such a way that such holder, or the collaborating group 
of which it forms part, is able to determine the activities of Naturgy Finance B.V. A holder of Notes, 
Coupons, Talons or Receipts, or the collaborating group of which such holder forms part, that holds more 
than 50% of the voting rights in Naturgy Finance B.V., or in which Naturgy Finance B.V. holds more than 
50% of the voting rights, is in any event considered to be affiliated. A holder of Notes, Coupons, Talons or 
Receipts is also considered to be affiliated if a third party holds more than 50% of the voting rights both in 
such holder and Naturgy Finance B.V. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments by Naturgy Finance B.V. under the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts can be made free of 
withholding or deduction of any taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by The 
Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, provided that (i) the Notes, 
Coupons, Talons or Receipts have a maturity - legally and de facto - of less than 50 years and (ii) the Notes, 
Coupons, Talons or Receipts will not represent, be linked (to the performance of) or be convertible (in part 
or in whole) into (rights to purchase) (a) shares; (b) profit certificates (winstbewijzen); and/or (c) debt

--- Page 148 ---
141 
 
instruments having a maturity - legally and de facto - of more than 50 years, issued by Naturgy Finance 
B.V. or any entity related to Naturgy Finance B.V. 
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
A holder of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts will not be subject to any Netherlands taxes on income or 
capital gains in respect of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts, including such tax on any payment under 
the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts or in respect of any gain realised on the disposal, deemed disposal 
or exchange of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts, provided that: 
(i) 
such holder is neither a resident nor deemed to be a resident of The Netherlands; 
(ii) 
such holder does not have an enterprise or an interest in an enterprise that is, in whole or in part, 
carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in The Netherlands 
and to which enterprise or part of an enterprise, as the case may be, Notes, Coupons, Talons or 
Receipts are attributable; 
(iii) 
if such holder is an individual, neither such holder nor any of the holder’s spouse, partner, a person 
deemed to be the holder’s partner, or other persons sharing such holder’s house or household, or 
certain other of such holder’s relatives (including foster children), whether directly and/or indirectly 
as (deemed) settlor, grantor or similar originator (the “Settlor”), or upon the death of the Settlor, 
the Settlor’s beneficiaries (the “Beneficiaries”) in proportion to their entitlement to the estate of 
the Settlor, of a trust, foundation or similar arrangement (a “Trust”), (a) indirectly has control of 
the proceeds of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts in The Netherlands, nor (b) has a substantial 
interest in Naturgy Finance B.V. and/or any other entity that legally or de facto, directly or 
indirectly, has control of the proceeds of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts in The Netherlands. 
For purposes of this clause (i), a substantial interest is generally not present if a holder does not 
hold, alone or together with the holder’s spouse, partner, a person deemed to be such holder’s 
partner, other persons sharing such holder’s house or household, certain other of such holder’s 
relatives (including foster children), or a Trust of which the holder or any of the aforementioned 
persons is a Settlor or a Beneficiary, whether directly or indirectly, (a) the ownership of, certain 
other rights, such as usufruct, over, or rights to acquire (whether or not already issued), shares 
representing five per cent. or more of the total issued and outstanding capital (or the issued and 
outstanding capital of any class of shares) of a company; (b) the ownership of, or certain other 
rights, such as usufruct, over profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen), or membership rights 
in a co-operative association, that relate to five per cent. or more of the annual profit of a company 
or co-operative association or to five per cent. or more of the liquidation proceeds of a company or 
co-operative association; or (c) membership rights representing five per cent. or more of the voting 
rights in a co-operative association’s general meeting; 
(iv) 
if such holder is a company, such holder has no substantial interest in Naturgy Finance B.V., or if 
such holder has a substantial interest in Naturgy Finance B.V., (a) such substantial interest is not 
held with the avoidance of Netherlands income tax as (one of) the main purpose(s), or (b) such 
substantial interest does not form part of an artificial structure or series of structures (such as 
structures which are not put into place for valid business reasons reflecting economic reality). For 
purposes of this clause (iv), a substantial interest is generally not present if a holder does not hold, 
whether directly or indirectly, (a) the ownership of, certain other rights, such as usufruct, over, or 
rights to acquire (whether or not already issued) shares representing five per cent. or more of the 
total issued and outstanding capital (or of the issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares) 
of a company; or (b) the ownership of, or certain other rights, such as usufruct, over profit 
participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to five per cent. or more of the annual profit of 
a company or to five per cent. or more of the liquidation proceeds of a company; and 
(v) 
if such holder is an individual, such income or capital gain does not form a “benefit from 
miscellaneous activities” in The Netherlands (resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) which, for 
instance, would be the case if the activities in The Netherlands with respect to Notes, Coupons, 
Talons or Receipts exceed “normal active asset management” (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer) 
or if income and gains are derived from the holding, whether directly or indirectly, of (a 
combination of) shares, debt claims or other rights (a “lucrative interest”; lucratief belang) that the 
holder thereof has acquired under such circumstances that such income and gains are intended to

--- Page 149 ---
142 
 
be remuneration for work or services performed by such holder (or a related person) in The 
Netherlands, whether within or outside an employment relation, where such lucrative interest 
provides the holder thereof, economically speaking, with certain benefits that have a relation to the 
relevant work or services. 
A holder of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts will not be subject to taxation in The Netherlands by reason 
only of the execution, delivery and/or enforcement of the documents relating to an issue of Notes, Coupons, 
Talons or Receipts or the performance by Naturgy Finance B.V. of its obligations thereunder or under the 
Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts. 
Gift, Estate or Inheritance Taxes 
No gift, estate or inheritance taxes will arise in The Netherlands with respect to an acquisition of Notes, 
Coupons, Talons or Receipts by way of a gift by, or on the death of, a holder who is neither resident nor 
deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Netherlands inheritance and gift tax purposes, unless in the 
case of a gift of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts by an individual who at the date of the gift was neither 
resident nor deemed to be resident in The Netherlands, such individual dies within 180 days after the date 
of the gift, while being resident or deemed to be resident in The Netherlands. 
Additionally, for purposes of Netherlands gift and inheritance tax, an individual with The Netherlands 
nationality will be deemed to be resident in The Netherlands if such individual has been resident in The 
Netherlands at any time during the ten years preceding the date of the gift or the individual’s death. 
For purposes of Netherlands gift tax, an individual not holding The Netherlands nationality will be deemed 
to be resident in The Netherlands if such individual has been resident in The Netherlands at any time during 
the twelve months preceding the date of the gift. 
For purposes of Netherlands gift and inheritance tax, a gift that is made under a condition precedent is 
deemed to have been made at the moment such condition precedent is satisfied. If the condition precedent 
is fulfilled after the death of the donor, the gift is deemed to be made upon the death of the donor. 
For purposes of Netherlands gift, estate and inheritance taxes, (i) a gift by a Trust, will be construed as a 
gift by the Settlor, and (ii) upon the death of the Settlor, as a rule, the Settlor’s Beneficiaries, will be deemed 
to have inherited directly from the Settlor. Subsequently, the Beneficiaries will be deemed the Settlor of the 
Trust for purposes of The Netherlands gift, estate and inheritance tax in case of subsequent gifts or 
inheritances. 
Value Added Tax 
There is no Netherlands value added tax payable in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the 
Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts, the payment of interest or principal under the Notes, Coupons, Talons 
or Receipts, or the transfer of the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
There is no Netherlands registration tax, capital tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in 
The Netherlands by a holder of a Note, Coupon, Talon or Receipt in respect of or in connection with the 
execution, delivery and/or enforcement by legal proceedings (including any foreign judgment in the courts 
of The Netherlands) of the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts or the performance of the obligations of 
Naturgy Finance B.V. under the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts. 
Residence 
A holder of a Note, Coupon, Talon or Receipt will not be treated as a resident of The Netherlands by reason 
only of the holding of a Note, Coupon, Talon or Receipt or the execution, performance, delivery and/or 
enforcement of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts. 
Taxation in Spain 
The following is a general description of certain Spanish tax considerations. The information provided 
below does not purport to be a complete overview of tax law and practice currently applicable in the

--- Page 150 ---
143 
 
Kingdom of Spain and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application thereof, which 
could be made with retroactive effect.  
This taxation summary solely addresses the principal Spanish tax consequences of the acquisition, the 
ownership and disposal of Notes issued by the Issuer after the date hereof held by a holder of Notes. It does 
not consider every aspect of taxation that may be relevant to a particular holder of Notes under special 
circumstances or who is subject to special treatment under applicable law or to the special tax regimes 
applicable in the Basque Country and Navarra (Territorios Forales). Where in this summary English terms 
and expressions are used to refer to Spanish concepts, the meaning to be attributed to such terms and 
expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Spanish concepts under Spanish tax law. 
This summary assumes that each transaction with respect to the Notes is at arm’s length.  
References in this section to Noteholders include the beneficial owners of the Notes, where applicable.  
Any prospective investors should consult their own tax advisers who can provide them with personalised 
advice based on their particular circumstances. Likewise, investors should consider the legislative changes 
which could occur in the future. 
Withholding tax 
Payments made by the Issuer  
On the basis that the Issuer is not a resident in Spain for tax purposes and does not operate in Spain through 
a permanent establishment, branch or agency, all payments of principal and interest made by the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes can be made free of any withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes in 
Spain of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by Spain or any political subdivision or 
taxing authority thereof or therein, in accordance with applicable Spanish law.  
Under certain conditions, withholding taxes may apply to Spanish taxpayers when a Spanish resident entity 
or a non-resident entity that operates in Spain through a permanent establishment is acting as depositary of 
the Notes or as collecting agent of any income arising from the Notes. 
Payments made by the Guarantor 
In the opinion of the Guarantor, any payments of principal and interest made by the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee should be characterised as an indemnity and, accordingly, be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by Spain or any political subdivision or authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax.  
However, although no clear precedent, statement of law or regulation exists in relation thereto, in the event 
that the Spanish Tax Authorities take the view that the Guarantor has validly, legally and effectively 
assumed all the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes subject to and in accordance with the Guarantee 
they may attempt to impose withholding tax in Spain on any payments made by the Guarantor in respect of 
interest at the general withholding tax rate (currently, 19%). Such interest withholding tax shall not apply 
however, provided that the Notes, (i) can be regarded as listed debt securities issued under Law 10/2014; 
(ii) are initially registered at a foreign clearing and settlement entity that is recognised under Spanish 
regulations or under those of another OECD member state; and (iii) the Paying Agent complies with the 
information procedures described in “Disclosure of Information in connection with payments made by the 
Guarantor” below. 
Disclosure of Information in connection with payments made by the Guarantor 
In accordance with section 5 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 as amended by Royal Decree 
1145/2011 and provided that the Notes are initially registered for clearance and settlement in Euroclear and 
Clearstream Luxembourg, the Paying Agent would be obliged to provide the Guarantor in relation to the 
payments made under the Deed of Guarantee with a declaration (the form of which is set out in the Agency 
Agreement), which should include the following information: 
(i) 
description of the Notes (and date of payment of the interest income derived from such Notes);

--- Page 151 ---
144 
 
(ii) 
total amount of interest derived from the Notes; and  
(iii) 
total amount of interest allocated to each non-Spanish clearing and settlement entity involved.  
According to section 6 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, the relevant declaration will have to be 
provided to the Guarantor on the business day immediately preceding each Interest Payment Date. If this 
requirement is complied with, the Guarantor will pay gross (without deduction of any withholding tax other 
than any withholding tax under FATCA) all interest under the Notes to all Noteholders (irrespective of 
whether they are tax resident in Spain).  
In the event that the Paying Agent were to fail to provide the information detailed above, according to 
section 7 of Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, the Guarantor or the Paying Agent acting on its behalf 
would be required to withhold tax from the relevant interest payments at the general withholding tax rate 
(currently, 19 per cent.). If on or before the 10th day of the month following the month in which the interest 
is payable, the Paying Agent designated were to submit such information, the Guarantor or the Paying Agent 
acting on its behalf would refund the total amount of taxes withheld. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that withholding tax were required by law, the Guarantor would 
pay such additional amounts as may be necessary such that a Noteholder would receive the same amount 
that he would have received in the absence of any such withholding or deduction. 
In the event that the current applicable procedures were to be modified, amended or supplemented by, 
amongst others, a Spanish law, regulation, interpretation or ruling of the Spanish Tax Authorities, the 
Guarantor would inform the Noteholders of such information procedures and of their implications, as the 
Guarantor may be required to apply withholding tax on interest payments under the Notes if the Noteholders 
were not to comply with such information procedures. 
Taxes on capital gains 
Non-resident Noteholders 
This paragraph is of application to a non-resident of Spain for tax purposes, whose holding of Notes is not 
effectively connected to a permanent establishment in Spain through which such person or entity carries on 
a business or trade in Spain.  
For Spanish tax purposes, the holding of the Notes will not in and of itself cause a non-Spanish resident to 
be considered tax resident in Spain nor to be considered to have a permanent establishment in Spain. 
A Non-Resident Noteholder will not be subject to any Spanish taxes on capital gains in respect of a gain 
realised on the disposal of a Note. 
Spanish resident Noteholders  
Spanish tax-residents are subject to Corporate or Individual Income Tax on a worldwide basis. Accordingly, 
income obtained from the Notes will be taxed in Spain when obtained by individuals or entities that are 
considered residents in Spain for tax purposes. The fact that (i) a Spanish corporation pays interest, or (ii) 
interest is paid in Spain, will not lead to an individual or entity being considered tax-resident in Spain.  
As a general rule, non-Spanish withholding taxes at source on income obtained out of Spain are deducted 
when computing tax liability, provided that they do not exceed the corresponding Spanish tax. Specific rules 
may apply according to tax treaties.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Income Tax rates applicable in Spain are:  
(i) 
for individual taxpayers 19% up to €6,000; 21% for taxable capital income between €6,000.01 
and €50,000; 23% for taxable capital income between €50,001 and €200,000; 27% on taxable 
capital income between €200,001 and €300,000; and 28% on taxable capital income exceeding 
€300,000.  
(ii) 
for corporate taxpayers 25%, though, under certain circumstances (including small companies, 
non-profit entities, among other corporate taxpayers), a lower rate may apply.

--- Page 152 ---
145 
 
Net Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Net Wealth Tax may be levied in Spain on resident individuals on a worldwide basis. In particular, 
individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Net Wealth Tax to the extent that their net worth 
exceeds €700,000 (subject to any exceptions provided under relevant legislation in an autonomous region 
(Comunidad Autónoma)). Therefore, they should take into account the value of the Notes which they hold 
as at 31 December each year, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent., although 
the final tax rates may vary depending on any applicable regional tax laws, and some reductions may apply. 
Net Wealth Tax may be levied in Spain on non-resident individuals only on those assets and rights that are 
located or that may be exercised or fulfilled within the Spanish territory. As the Notes are issued by a non-
resident entity and are not payable in Spain, no tax liability would arise for those non-resident individual 
investors without a permanent establishment in Spain. 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes are not subject to Net Wealth Tax. 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad a las Grandes 
Fortunas) 
The Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes may be levied in Spain on tax resident individuals, on a 
worldwide basis. 
In particular, individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large 
Fortunes to the extent that their net worth exceeds €3,000,000. Therefore, such individuals should take into 
account the value of the Notes which they hold as of 31 December each year, the applicable rates ranging 
between 1.7 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. 
Since the autonomous regions apply the current regional Wealth Tax (as described above), in order to avoid 
double taxation, the amount paid for the current regional Wealth Tax should be deductible from the 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes. 
The Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes may be levied in Spain on non-resident individuals only 
on those assets and rights that are located or that may be exercised or fulfilled within the Spanish territory. 
As the Notes are issued by a non-resident entity and are not payable in Spain, no tax liability should arise 
for those non-resident individual investors without a permanent establishment in Spain.  
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes are not subject to the Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large 
Fortunes. 
The Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes is established for an initial period of two years, so that it 
is applicable in the first two fiscal years in which such tax is accrued (i.e., 2023 and 2024). However, the 
law regulating such tax incorporates a review clause to evaluate its results at the end of the initially foreseen 
period of validity in order to assess its maintenance or elimination. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the 
applicable Spanish regional and State rules. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the applicable effective 
tax rates currently range between 0 per cent. and 81.6 per cent. depending on relevant factors. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax may be levied in Spain on non-resident individuals only on those assets and rights 
that are located or that may be exercised or fulfilled within the Spanish territory. As the Notes are issued by 
a non-resident entity and are not payable in Spain, no tax liability would arise for those non-resident 
individual investors without a permanent establishment in Spain.  
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax. 
Obligation to inform the Spanish Tax Authorities of the Ownership of the Notes

--- Page 153 ---
146 
 
With effects as of 1 January 2013, Law 7/2012, of 29 October, as implemented by Royal Decree 1558/2012, 
of 15 November, introduced annual reporting obligations applicable to Spanish residents (i.e. individuals, 
legal entities, permanent establishments in Spain of non-resident entities) in relation to certain foreign assets 
or rights. 
Consequently, if the Notes are deposited with or placed in the custody of a non-Spanish entity, Noteholders 
resident in Spain will be obliged, if certain thresholds are met as described below, to declare before the 
Spanish Tax Authorities, between 1 January and 31 March every year, the ownership of the Notes held on 
31 December of the immediately preceding year (e.g., to declare between 1 January 2024 and 31 March 
2024 the Notes held on 31 December 2023). 
This obligation would only need to be complied with if certain thresholds are met: specifically, this 
obligation would only apply if the value of the Notes together with other qualifying assets held on 31 
December exceeds €50,000 (with the corresponding valuation to be made in accordance with Wealth Tax 
rules). If this threshold is met, a declaration would only be required in subsequent years if the value of the 
Notes together with other qualifying assets increases by more than €20,000 as against the declaration made 
previously. Similarly, cancellation or extinguishment of the ownership of the Notes before 31 December 
should be declared if such ownership was reported in previous declarations. 
Disclosure of Noteholder Information in Connection with the Redemption or Repayment of Zero Coupon 
Notes 
In accordance with Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, in the case of Zero Coupon Notes with a maturity 
of 12 months or less, the information obligations established in Article 44 (See “—Disclosure of Information 
in Connection with Interest Payments”) will have to be complied with on the business day immediately 
preceding each redemption or repayment of the Zero Coupon Notes.  
If the Spanish tax authorities consider that such information obligations must also be complied with for Zero 
Coupon Notes with a longer term than 12 months, the Issuer will, prior to the redemption or repayment of 
such Notes, adopt the necessary measures with the Clearing Systems in order to ensure its compliance with 
such information obligations as may be required by the Spanish tax authorities from time to time. 
The proposed European financial transactions tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Original 
Proposal”) for a Directive for a common financial transactions tax (“EU FTT”) in Belgium, Germany, 
Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “Participating Member 
States”). In December 2015, Estonia withdrew from the group of Participating Member States.  
The Commission’s Original Proposal had a very broad scope and would, if introduced, have applied to 
certain dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The 
issuance and subscription of Notes would, however, have been exempt.  
In 2019, the Finance Ministers of the Participating Member States indicated that they were discussing a new 
EU FTT proposal based on a French model of the tax (and the possible mutualisation of the tax as a 
contribution to the EU budget) (the “2019 EU FTT Proposal”). Under the 2019 EU FTT Proposal, the EU 
FTT would only have applied to transactions in financial instruments issued by a company, partnership or 
other entity whose registered office is established within one of the Participating Member States and which 
had a market capitalisation of at least EUR 1 billion on 1 December of the year preceding the respective 
transaction. The EU FTT under the 2019 EU FTT Proposal would not have applied to straight bonds.  
No agreement has been reached between the Participating Member States on either the Commission’s 
Original Proposal or the 2019 EU FTT Proposal. Subsequently, the European Commission declared that, if 
there was no agreement between the Participating Member States by the end 2022, it would endeavour to 
propose a new own resource, based on a new EU FTT, by June 2024 with a view to its introduction by 1 
January 2026, as also set out in the Council Regulation laying down the Multi-annual Financial Framework 
for the years 2021 to 2027. 
Prospective holders of the Notes should therefore note that the scope of any EU FTT proposal remains 
uncertain and subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States. Any such proposal may also

--- Page 154 ---
147 
 
be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which also remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate and/or other Participating Member States may decide to withdraw. 
Accordingly, prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation 
to any EU FTT. 
The Spanish financial transactions tax 
On 16 October 2020, the Spanish Parliament approved the Law 5/2020, of 15 October, on the Tax on 
Financial Transactions (“Spanish FTT Law”) introducing the Spanish Financial Transaction Tax 
(“Spanish FTT”) that has entered into force on 16 January 2021. However, the Spanish Council of Minister 
stated that Spain would continue to participate in the enhanced co-operation for the approval of the EU FTT 
and, if finally approved, Spain would adapt the Spanish FTT to align it with the EU FTT.  
The Spanish FTT is aligned with the French and Italian financial transactions tax. Specifically, the Spanish 
FTT is an indirect tax levied at a tax rate of 0.2 per cent. on the acquisitions for consideration of shares 
issued by Spanish companies regardless of the residency of the parties involved in the transaction, or of the 
jurisdiction where the shares are traded, provided that they comply with the following conditions: (i) the 
shares should be admitted to trading on a regulated market under Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (or in a foreign market 
declared equivalent by the European Commission), and (ii) the stock market capitalisation value of the 
company should exceed €1,000 million. The Spanish FTT will be payable on a monthly basis. 
However, according to the Spanish FTT Law, the Spanish FTT should not apply in relation to an issue of 
Notes under the Programme. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Withholding Act  
Pursuant to sections 1471 through 1474 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the “Code”), the regulations thereunder and official interpretations thereof, agreements entered into 
pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted 
pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such 
Sections of the Code (collectively, “FATCA”), a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold 
on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting, or related requirements. 
Custodians or intermediaries in the payment chain leading to the ultimate investor that are not entitled (or 
fail to establish eligibility) to receive payments free of withholding under FATCA may be subject to 
withholding under FATCA. A number of jurisdictions, including Spain and the Netherlands, have entered 
into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would 
generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects 
of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether 
withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  
The Issuer does not believe payments on the Notes will be subject to FATCA because the Issuer does not 
believe it is a foreign financial institution for purposes of FATCA. Even if withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding 
would not apply to payments made prior to the date that is two years after the date on which the final 
regulation defining “foreign passthru payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes issued 
on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru 
payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of 
FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the 
issuer). However, if additional notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions—Further Issues”) that are 
not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period 
and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the 
Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.

--- Page 155 ---
148 
 
Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in 
the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on the Notes, no additional amounts will be paid in respect of such withholding.

--- Page 156 ---
149 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 15 December 2023 (the 
“Programme Agreement”) agreed with the Issuer and the Guarantor a basis upon which they or any of 
them individually may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those 
matters stated under “Form of the Notes”, “Form of Final Terms”, “Terms and Conditions of Notes issued 
by the Issuer prior to the Effective Date of Conversion” and “Terms and Conditions of Notes issued by the 
Issuer on or following the Effective Date of Conversion”, as the case may be, above. However, the Issuer 
has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to dealers that are not Dealers. The Notes may 
be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined 
by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of 
the Issuer. The Programme Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are 
underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each Dealer a commission in respect of Notes subscribed by it as separately agreed 
between them. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in 
connection with the establishment of the Programme.  
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in 
connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. The Programme Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate 
any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes 
being made to the Issuer. 
United States 
The Notes and the obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee have not been and will not be 
registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it will not offer, 
sell or deliver Notes or obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all the Notes 
of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, 
fee or other remuneration to which it sells Notes or obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee 
during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes and the obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding paragraph 
and in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes or obligations 
of the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee within the United States by any Dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury Regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the Code and regulations thereunder. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of 
the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II;

--- Page 157 ---
150 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.   
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of 
the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
January 2016 on insurance distribution, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
 
Other regulatory restrictions  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; 
and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Spain 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree that: 
(a) 
neither the Notes nor the Base Prospectus have been registered with the Spanish Securities Market 
Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) and that, therefore, the Base Prospectus

--- Page 158 ---
151 
 
is not intended to be used for any offer of Notes which require the registration of a prospectus in 
Spain; and 
(b) 
the Notes may not be offered, sold or distributed in Spain, nor may any subsequent resale of the 
Notes be carried out or publicity or marketing of any kind be made in Spain in relation to the Notes 
(i) 
except in circumstances which do not constitute an offer of securities to the public within 
the meaning of Article 2(d) of the Prospectus Regulation, and supplemental rules enacted 
thereunder or in substitution thereof from time to time; and  
(ii) 
except by institutions authorised to provide investment services in Spain under Law 
6/2023 on the Securities Markets and Investment Services (Ley 6/2023, de 17 de marzo, 
de los Mercados de Valores y de los Servicios de Inversión), Royal Decree 813/2023 of 8 
November (Real Decreto 813/2023, de 8 de noviembre, sobre el régimen jurídico de las 
empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios de 
inversión) and supplemental rules enacted thereunder or in substitution thereof from time 
to time. 
Republic of Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Notes be 
distributed in Italy, except, in accordance with any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and 
regulations. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver 
any Notes or distribute any copy of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in Italy 
except:  
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2, letter (e), of the 
Prospectus Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 
1998 as amended (the “Financial Services Act”) and Article 34-ter, paragraph 1, letter (b), of 
CONSOB regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999 as amended (the “Issuers Regulation”), all as 
amended from time to time; or  
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of the Financial Services Act and Article 34-
ter of the Issuers Regulation, as amended from time to time, and any other applicable Italian laws 
and regulations; or 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must be:  
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 
385 of 1 September 1993 as amended, (the “Banking Act”) and CONSOB Regulation 
No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, all as amended from time to time, and any other 
applicable laws and regulations;  
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and 
the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and  
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or 
requirement which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy 
or other competent authority.

--- Page 159 ---
152 
 
The Netherlands 
Zero coupon Notes in definitive bearer form and other Notes in definitive bearer form on which interest 
does not become due and payable during their term but only at maturity (saving certificates or spaarbewijze 
as defined in the Dutch Saving Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen; the “SCA”)) may only be 
transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through the mediation 
of either the Issuer or a member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. with due observance of the provisions of the 
SCA and its implementing regulations (which include registration requirements). No such mediation is 
required, however, in respect of (i) the initial issue of such Notes to the first holders thereof, (ii) the transfer 
and acceptance by individuals who do not act in the conduct of a profession or business, and (iii) the issue 
and trading of such Notes if they are physically issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed in the 
Netherlands in the course of primary trading or immediately thereafter.  
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore (the “MAS”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any 
Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell such Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any 
other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, 
of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional 
investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 
275 of the SFA. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of 
Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Law”) and each 
Dealer has agreed and each new Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it has 
not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly offer or sell any Notes in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, 
in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Laws and all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the relevant governmental and 
regulatory authorities in effect at the relevant time. For the purposes of this paragraph, “resident of Japan” 
shall mean any person resident in Japan including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws 
of Japan. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) except to any investor that qualifies as a professional client within the 
meaning of FinSA, and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading 
venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be 
publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland except to any investor that qualifies 
as a professional client within the meaning of FinSA. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each new Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable 
securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers

--- Page 160 ---
153 
 
Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force 
in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and 
neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be 
sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree.

--- Page 161 ---
154 
 
CERTAIN TERMS 
“CCGT” 
combined cycle gas turbine 
“OECD” 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development 
“ECB” 
European Central Bank 
“TWh” 
Tera Watt hour 
“GWh” 
Giga Watt hour 
“MW” 
Mega Watt 
“LPG” 
liquefied petroleum gas

--- Page 162 ---
155 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The update of the Programme was authorised by the Board of Managing Directors in a meeting 
held on 29 November 2023, and by written resolutions of the General Meeting of the Sole 
Shareholder of Naturgy Finance B.V. dated 29 November 2023, and by resolutions of the Board of 
Directors of the Guarantor passed on 23 October 2023.  
2. 
The admission of the Programme to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is expected 
to take effect on or around 15 December 2023. It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is 
to be listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange will be so admitted to listing and trading upon submission to the CSSF and the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of the relevant Final Terms, subject in each 
case to the issue of a Temporary Global Note initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. 
Transactions will normally be effected for delivery on the third working day in Luxembourg after 
the day of the transaction.  
However, Notes may be issued by Naturgy Finance B.V. pursuant to the Programme which will 
not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any 
other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or which will be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as the 
Issuer and relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
3. 
So long as Notes are capable of being issued under the Programme, remain outstanding or for ten 
years following the date of this Base Prospectus, whichever falls later, electronic copies of the 
following documents may be inspected during normal business hours at the specified office of 
Agent in London, at the registered/head office of the Issuer and the Guarantor referred to at the end 
of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
or 
https://www.naturgy.com/en/shareholders_and_investors/investors/issuances/euro_medium_term
_notes_programme_emtn:  
(i) 
the articles of association of the Issuer and the constitutional documents of the Guarantor;  
(ii) 
the documents referred to in “Documents Incorporated by Reference” above; 
(iii) 
the Deed of Guarantee; 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(iv) 
any supplements to this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus. The CSSF as competent authority has not scrutinised or approved the information 
on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at 
www.luxse.com. 
4. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be specified in the relevant Final Terms along with the Financial Instrument 
Short Name (“FISN”) and the Classification of Financial Instruments Code (“CFI Code”), where 
applicable. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium 
and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg. The 
address of any alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 163 ---
156 
 
Because Notes in global form are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the 
Issuer and/or the Guarantor.  
While the Notes are represented by one or more global Notes, the Issuer and the Guarantor will 
discharge their payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A 
holder of a beneficial interest in a global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer and the 
Guarantor have no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect 
of, beneficial interests in the global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of 
the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are 
enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, 
holders of beneficial interests in the global Notes will not have a direct right under the global Notes 
to take enforcement action against the Issuer or the Guarantor in the event of a default under the 
relevant Notes and instead will have to rely upon their rights under the Deed of Covenant. 
5. 
The Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under 
the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, 
the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest 
commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of 
the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date 
in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. The yield of each Tranche of 
Notes will be calculated as of the relevant issue date using the relevant issue price and will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. It is not an indication of future yield. 
6. 
Save as disclosed under “Description of Naturgy Group S.A.—Litigation and Arbitration” on pages 
135 to 137 above, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries is or has been 
involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer or the Guarantor is aware) during the twelve 
months before the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or of the Guarantor or of 
the Group. 
7. 
 
(a) 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Naturgy Finance B.V. since 31 
December 2022 nor has there been any significant change in the financial position or financial 
performance of Naturgy Finance B.V. since 31 December 2022 (being the date of the latest 
available financial statements of Naturgy Finance B.V.). 
(b) 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor since 31 December 
2022 nor has there been any significant change in the financial position or financial performance 
of the Group since 30 June 2023 (being the date of the latest available financial information of the 
Group). 
8. 
The Guarantor has been assigned a long-term credit rating of BBB (stable outlook) by S&P and 
BBB (stable outlook) by Fitch Ratings.  
9. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business and have received, 
or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. Certain of the 
Dealers and their respective affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued 
under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) 
entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates, investor 
clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading

--- Page 164 ---
157 
 
activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their 
respective affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and 
equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) 
for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor, and/or the 
Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their respective affiliates that have 
a lending relationship with the Issuer and/or the Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to 
the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and/or their affiliates consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their respective affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps 
or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under 
the Programme. The Dealers and their respective affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the avoidance of doubt, in this Base 
Prospectus the term ‘affiliates’ includes also parent companies. 
10. 
 
(a) 
The consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 
and 31 December 2021, which were prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted by the European Union (“IFRS-EU”), have been audited without 
qualification by KPMG Auditores, S.L. (registered in the Official Registry of Accounting Auditors 
(Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas)), independent auditor of the Guarantor since 1 January 
2021. KPMG Auditores, S.L.’s registered office is at Paseo de la Castellana, 259C, 28046 Madrid, 
Spain, and it is a member of the Official Registry of Auditors of Accounts (Registro Oficial de 
Auditores de Cuentas) under number S0702. 
(b) 
The Spanish language original unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of 
the Guarantor as at and for the six-month period ended 30 June 2023, which were prepared in 
accordance with International Accounting Standard 34 International Financial Reporting as 
adopted by the European Union (“IAS 34”), have been subject to a limited review in accordance 
with the International Standard on Review Engagements 2410, “Review of Interim Financial 
Reporting Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”, by KPMG Auditores, S.L.  
(c) 
The non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2022, which were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
in the Netherlands prepared on the basis of Title 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code and Dutch 
Accounting Standards as issued by the Dutch Accounting Standards Board (together, “Dutch 
GAAP”), have been audited without qualification by PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V., 
independent auditor of the Issuer from 1 January 2022. PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants 
N.V.’s registered office is at Fascinatio Boulevard 350, 3065 WB Rotterdam (The Netherlands), 
and it is a member of The Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Nederlandse 
Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). 
(d) 
The non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021, which were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
in the Netherlands prepared on the basis of Title 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code and Dutch 
Accounting Standards as issued by the Dutch Accounting Standards Board (together, “Dutch 
GAAP”), have been audited without qualification by KPMG Accountants N.V., independent 
auditor of the Issuer until 31 December 2021. KPMG Accountants N.V.’s registered office is at 
Laan van Langerhuize 1, 1186 DS Amstelveen (The Netherlands), and it is a member of The 
Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van 
Accountants). 
11. 
This Base Prospectus does not incorporate any financial information in relation to the Issuer 
prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, IFRS-EU or any description of the differences 
between IFRS-EU and Dutch GAAP. It is possible that a reconciliation of financial information

--- Page 165 ---
158 
 
prepared in accordance with Dutch GAAP to IFRS-EU or other qualitative or quantitative analysis 
of differences between these accounting principles would identify material differences that are not 
otherwise disclosed in this Base Prospectus. You should consult your own accounting advisers for 
an understanding of the differences between Dutch GAAP and IFRS-EU and how those differences 
might affect the financial statements and other financial information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. 
12. 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB, Sucursal en España de 
Sociedad Profesional has acted as legal adviser to the Guarantor as to English law and Spanish law 
and Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP has acted as legal adviser to the Guarantor as to Dutch 
law. Linklaters, S.L.P. has acted as legal adviser to the Dealers as to English law and Spanish law 
and Linklaters LLP has acted as legal adviser to the Dealers as to Dutch law, in each case in relation 
to the update of the Programme. 
13. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 2138005FTXOJUBQ5J563.  
14. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Guarantor is TL2N6M87CW970S5SV098.

--- Page 166 ---
159 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
Naturgy Finance B.V. 
Barbara Strozzilaan 101  
1083 HN Amsterdam  
The Netherlands 
 
THE GUARANTOR 
Naturgy Energy Group, S.A. 
Avenida de América, 38 
28028 Madrid 
Spain 
 
AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre  
Canada Square, Canary Wharf  
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
AUDITORS OF NATURGY FINANCE B.V. 
Up until the financial year ended 31/12/2021 
KPMG Accountants N.V. 
Laan van Langerhuize 1 
1186 DS Amstelveen 
The Netherlands 
AUDITORS OF NATURGY FINANCE B.V. 
Current auditor 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. 
Fascinatio Boulevard 350 
3065 WB, Rotterdam 
The Netherlands. 
AUDITORS OF THE GUARANTOR 
KPMG Auditores, S.L. 
P.º de la Castellana, 259C  
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor as to English law 
and Spanish law 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor 
as to Dutch law 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer 
Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB, Sucursal en 
España de Sociedad Profesional 
Torre Europa 
Paseo de la Castellana, 95 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP 
Strawinskylaan 10 
1077 XZ Amsterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 167 ---
160 
 
 
To the Dealers as to English law 
and Spanish law 
To the Dealers as to 
Dutch law 
Linklaters, S.L.P. 
Almagro, 40 
28010 Madrid 
Spain 
Linklaters LLP 
WTC Amsterdam 
Zuidplein 180 
1077 XV Amsterdam  
The Netherlands 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Originación de Renta Fija 
Ciudad BBVA – Edificio Asia 
c/Sauceda 28 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avda. de Cantabria, Ed. Encinar, First Floor 
28660 Boadilla del Monte (Madrid) 
Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens, 
75009 Paris 
France 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Calle del Pintor Sorolla, 2-4 
46002 Valencia 
Spain   
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge CEDEX 
France 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TanusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98  
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France

--- Page 168 ---
161 
 
 
 
 
UniCredit Bank GmbH  
Arabellastraβe 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany