--- Page 1 ---
10290488531-v41 
 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
20 AUGUST 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
 (incorporated with limited liability under the laws of The Netherlands and having its corporate seat in Amsterdam, 
The Netherlands and registered in the Commercial Register of the Chamber of Commerce under number 
33002587) 
€5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), NatWest Markets N.V. (the "Issuer" or "NWM NV") may, subject 
to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, from time to time, issue unsecured and unsubordinated notes (the "Notes") denominated 
in any currency agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to 
time outstanding will not exceed €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies, subject to increase as provided herein). 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") applies to Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). References in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") to 
"Exempt Notes" are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. Information contained in this Base 
Prospectus regarding Exempt Notes shall not be deemed to form part of this Base Prospectus and the AFM (as defined below) has neither approved nor 
reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified below and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme 
from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten, the "AFM") as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the 
quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is dated 20 August 2024 and is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval and its validity will expire on 20 August 
2025. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
Application has been made to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. ("Euronext Amsterdam") for Notes (other than Exempt Notes) issued under the Programme 
during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to listing and trading on the regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam 
(the "Market"). References in this Base Prospectus to Notes (other than Exempt Notes) being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such 
Notes have been admitted to trading on the Market. The Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"). The Programme provides that Exempt Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) or 
markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). The Issuer may also issue unlisted Exempt Notes and/or Exempt Notes not 
admitted to trading on any market. In the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement (as defined below) will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes will be listed and/or admitted to trading.  
Other than in the case of the Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of such Notes, the issue 
price of such Notes and other information which is applicable to each Tranche of such Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the "Final Terms") 
which will be delivered to the AFM and Euronext Amsterdam on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. In the case of Exempt Notes, 
notice of the aggregate nominal amount, interest (if any) payable in respect of such Notes, the issue price of such Notes and other information which is 
applicable to each Tranche of Exempt Notes will be set out in a pricing supplement document (the "Pricing Supplement"). Accordingly, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, each reference in this Base Prospectus to the applicable Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to the applicable Pricing 
Supplement unless the context requires otherwise. 
Prospective investors should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant Notes and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they 
consider the suitability of the relevant Notes as an investment in the light of their own circumstances and financial condition. It is the responsibility 
of prospective purchasers to ensure that they have sufficient knowledge, experience and professional advice to make their own legal, financial, 
tax, accounting and other business evaluation of the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and are not relying on the advice of the Issuer or 
any Dealer in that regard. Prospective investors should consider carefully the risks set forth herein under "Risk Factors" prior to making 
investment decisions with respect to the Notes.

--- Page 2 ---
10290488531-v41 
 
55-41077903 
 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the terms and conditions of the Notes herein, in which 
event, in the case of Notes (other than Exempt Notes) and if appropriate, a drawdown prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect of 
the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. In the case of listed Exempt Notes only and if appropriate, a supplementary prospectus or drawdown 
prospectus will be published which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes, or such additional terms will be set out in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus: (i) long-term senior obligations of the Issuer are rated "A" by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited ("S&P"), "A1" by 
Moody's Investors Service Ltd. ("Moody's"), "A+" by Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch") and (ii) short-term obligations of the Issuer are rated "A-1" by 
S&P, "P-1" by Moody's and "F1" by Fitch. For further information on the meanings of these credit ratings please see the definitions set forth herein under 
"General Information – Credit Ratings". Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. When an issue of a certain Series of Notes is rated, 
its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to the Programme (if any) and such rating may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
S&P, Moody's and Fitch are each established in the United Kingdom ("UK") and registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
"CRA Regulation") as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). 
Fitch, Moody's and S&P appear on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies on the UK FCA's Financial Services Register. Fitch, 
Moody's and S&P have not been certified under the CRA Regulation. The ratings Fitch, Moody's and S&P have given to the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme are endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, Moody’s Deutschland GmbH and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, respectively, each of 
which is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. In general, European and UK regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency registered (or certified) under respectively the CRA 
Regulation and the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
Arranger 
 
NatWest Markets 
 
Dealers  
 
ABN AMRO 
BBVA 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Daiwa Capital Markets Europe 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
Morgan Stanley 
Mizuho 
NatWest Markets 
Nomura 
RBC Capital Markets 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
SMBC 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
TD Securities 
UBS Investment Bank 
UniCredit

--- Page 3 ---
10290488531-v41 
- i - 
55-41077903 
 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation in respect of 
the Notes (other than Exempt Notes). This Base Prospectus has also been prepared for the purpose of giving 
information with regard to the Issuer and its subsidiaries, which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer 
and the Notes, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons 
for any issuance of Notes and its impact on the Issuer. 
Notes may only be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche of Notes will be initially represented by a global Note 
which will, (i) if the global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper 
(the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg"); (ii) if the global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form ("CGN"), 
as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; and (iii) if the 
global Notes are intended to be cleared through the Central Moneymarkets Unit Service ("CMU") operated by 
the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (the "CMU Operator"), as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a sub-custodian for the CMU (such Notes 
initially cleared through the CMU, the "CMU Notes"). A temporary global Note will be exchangeable for either 
a permanent global Note or Notes in definitive form, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
and in each case upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury regulations. 
A permanent global Note will be exchangeable for definitive Notes, in whole or, in the circumstances described 
in "Form of the Notes" below, in part, upon either (a) 60 days' notice given at any time or (b) only upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event (as defined in "Form of the Notes" below).  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act"), and Notes are (unless (i) the applicable Final Terms indicate that the Limited Exchange 
Event as defined in "Form of the Notes" applies and (ii) the Notes are treated as issued in registered form for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes) subject to U.S. tax law requirements under the U.S. Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). This Base Prospectus shall be read 
and construed on the basis that such documents are so incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
None of the Dealers, the Agent and the other Paying Agents has separately verified the information contained 
herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility is accepted by any of the Dealers, the Agent or the other Paying Agents as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any financial statements or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or the Notes. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or which 
is inconsistent with this Base Prospectus (including the information incorporated by reference herein) and, if 
given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer, any of the Dealers, the Agent and the other Paying Agents. 
This Base Prospectus (including the information incorporated by reference herein) should not be considered as 
a recommendation or a statement of opinion (or a report of either of those things) by the Issuer, any of the 
Dealers, the Agent or the other Paying Agents that any recipient of this Base Prospectus (including the 
information incorporated by reference herein) should purchase any Notes. Prospective investors should have 
regard to the factors described under, and referred to in, the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base 
Prospectus. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation 
of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. This Base

--- Page 4 ---
10290488531-v41 
- ii - 
55-41077903 
 
Prospectus (including the information incorporated by reference herein) does not constitute an offer or invitation 
by or on behalf of the Issuer, any of the Dealers, the Agent or the other Paying Agents to any person to subscribe 
for or to purchase any Notes. 
The delivery of this Base Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus (including the information incorporated by reference herein) concerning the Issuer is correct at any 
time subsequent to the date of this Base Prospectus. The Dealers, the Agent and the other Paying Agents 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries 
during the life of the Programme. 
The Issuer, the Dealers, the Agent and the other Paying Agents do not represent that this Base Prospectus may 
be lawfully distributed, or that the Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration 
or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the 
Issuer, the Dealers, the Agent or the other Paying Agents which is intended to permit distribution of this Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, the Notes may not be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering 
material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations, and the Dealers have represented accordingly. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes must be made pursuant to an 
exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. 
Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer of Notes which are the subject of an offering 
contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by final terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may 
only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, 
nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes come must inform themselves 
about, and observe, any such restrictions. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and/or the offer or sale of Notes in the EEA, the United States of America, the UK, Australia, Japan, 
Hong Kong, the PRC (as defined below), Spain, France and Singapore (see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
Whenever the defined term "Final Terms" is used in this Base Prospectus such term shall be deemed to include 
any applicable Pricing Supplement, unless the context otherwise requires. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to "NWM NV Group" are to NWM NV and its subsidiaries consolidated 
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (as adopted by the European Union ("EU")) 
("IFRS"), taken together. All references in this Base Prospectus to "NatWest Group" are to NatWest Group 
plc together with its (in)direct subsidiaries, including the Issuer, and associated undertakings. All references in 
this Base Prospectus to "NWM Group" are to NatWest Markets Plc ("NWM Plc") together with its (in)direct 
subsidiaries, including the Issuer, and associated undertakings. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to "euro", "€" and "EUR" refer to the currency introduced at the start of 
the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union as amended, those to "Japanese Yen" refer to the lawful currency of Japan, those to "Sterling" 
and "£" refer to the lawful currency of the UK, those to "Australian dollars" and "A$" refer to the lawful 
currency of Australia, those to "CNY" or "Renminbi" refer to the lawful currency of the PRC and those to 
"United States dollars" refer to the lawful currency of the United States of America.

--- Page 5 ---
10290488531-v41 
- iii - 
55-41077903 
 
All references in this Base Prospectus to "PRC" are to the People's Republic of China, which for the purpose 
of this Base Prospectus shall exclude the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic 
of China, the Macao Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan.

--- Page 6 ---
10290488531-v41 
- iv - 
55-41077903 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................................................. 1 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................... 6 
OTHER INFORMATION FOR INVESTORS ..................................................................................................... 75 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................................ 82 
SUPPLEMENTAL PROSPECTUS...................................................................................................................... 84 
FORM OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................................................... 85 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................. 89 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................... 162 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ..................................................................................................................... 163 
THE NETHERLANDS - TAXATION ............................................................................................................... 179 
CERTAIN OTHER TAXATION CONSIDERATIONS .................................................................................... 183 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................... 185 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................ 193 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT ............................................................................................................... 209 
GENERAL INFORMATION AND RECENT DEVELOPMENTS .................................................................. 229

--- Page 7 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 1 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus. 
Any decision to invest in any Notes should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole, 
including the documents incorporated by reference, by any investor. 
Words and expressions defined under the headings "Form of the Notes" or "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" below shall have the same meanings in this overview. The Issuer may agree with any Dealers that 
Notes may be issued in a form other than that contemplated in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" herein, 
in which event, in the case of Notes (other than Exempt Notes) and if appropriate, a drawdown prospectus 
will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. In 
the case of listed Exempt Notes only and if appropriate, a supplementary prospectus or drawdown prospectus 
will be published which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such change, or such 
additional terms will be set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
Issuer 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries (i.e. the NWM NV Group) 
consolidated in accordance with IFRS had total assets of 
EUR 32.105 billion and total equity of EUR 1.965 billion 
as at 30 June 2024. The Issuer's consolidated capital ratios 
on a CRR transitional basis as at 30 June 2024 were a total 
capital ratio of 25 per cent., a CET1 capital ratio of 19.9 
per cent. and a Tier 1 capital ratio of 23 per cent.  
 
Risk Factors  
The principal risk factors that may affect the Issuer's ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under 
"Risk Factors" below. 
 
Arranger 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
 
Dealers 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.  
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.  
Banco Santander, S.A. 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
 
Daiwa Capital Markets Europe Limited  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE

--- Page 8 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 2 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH  
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH  
RBC Europe Limited 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Société Générale  
TD Global Finance unlimited company 
UBS AG London Branch  
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Size 
Up to EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currencies) outstanding at any time. The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme. 
 
 
 
Maturities 
Any maturity as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Issue Price 
Notes will be issued at an issue price which is at par or at 
a discount to, or premium over, par. 
 
Form of Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be issued in the form 
of a temporary global Note, or, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, a permanent global Note (which 
may or may not be in new global note form). A temporary 
global Note will be exchangeable, either for a permanent 
global Note or definitive Notes and a permanent global 
Note will be exchangeable for definitive Notes in certain 
circumstances. 
 
Terms of Notes 
The following types of Notes may be issued: Notes (i) 
bearing interest at a fixed rate or a floating rate or (ii) not 
bearing interest or (iii) being a combination of any of the 
foregoing. 
 
 
Interest periods, rates of interest and the amounts payable 
on redemption may differ depending on the Notes being 
issued. Such terms will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes will bear interest at the fixed rate(s) of 
interest specified in the applicable Final Terms. Such

--- Page 9 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 3 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
determined pursuant to the Terms and Conditions. 
Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear 
interest at the initial fixed rate of interest specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of 
interest will be reset on one or more date(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms by reference to a mid-market swap 
rate or government security for the relevant Specified 
Currency, and for a period equal to the reset period, as 
adjusted for any applicable margin, in each case as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Such interest will 
be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or determined 
pursuant to the Terms and Conditions. 
 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined 
separately for each Series as follows: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant 
Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating either, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series) as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or the latest version of 
ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, 
including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any 
successor thereto), each as published by ISDA (or any 
successor) on its website (http://www.isda.org), on 
the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of 
such Series; or 
(ii) by reference to EURIBOR, BBSW, BKBM, 
SHIBOR, HIBOR, CNH HIBOR, SOR, SIBOR, 
TIBOR, CDOR, STIBOR, NIBOR, SOFR, SONIA, 
€STR, SARON or TONA, 
in any such case as adjusted for any applicable margin 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 10 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 4 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest periods will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Such interest will be payable in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or determined pursuant to the Terms and 
Conditions. Floating Rate Notes may also have a 
maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount 
or at a discount to their nominal amount and will not bear 
interest. 
 
Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the redemption 
amount and whether the relevant Notes can be redeemed 
prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation 
reasons or following an event of default) (i) at the option 
of the Issuer and/or (ii) at the option of the holders of such 
Notes. 
 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
The Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes 
of any Series at the price set out in the applicable Final 
Terms together with any outstanding interest: 
(i) 
in the event that as a result of a change in law in The 
Netherlands, it is obliged to pay additional amounts 
in respect of any present or future tax, duty or charge 
of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf 
of The Netherlands or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having the power to tax; 
or 
(ii) upon the occurrence of certain other changes in the 
treatment of the relevant Notes for taxation purposes 
as described in Condition 5(b), 
in each case provided that the Issuer cannot avoid the 
foregoing by taking measures reasonably available to it. 
 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If the applicable Final Terms for Notes of any Series 
specify that the Issuer has an option to redeem such Notes, 
the Issuer may opt to redeem all, or (if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) some only, of such Notes at the 
price set out in the applicable Final Terms together with 
any outstanding interest.

--- Page 11 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 5 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
Denomination of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms save that the 
minimum denomination of Notes which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation will be €100,000 (or its equivalent). 
 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed 
within The Netherlands unless required by law. If a 
deduction for or on account of such withholding tax is 
required by law, subject as provided in Condition 6, the 
Issuer will be required to pay such additional amounts as 
will result in receipt by the holders of the sums which 
would have been receivable by them had no such 
withholding been required. 
 
Status of Notes 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu and without any preference among themselves and 
with all other present and future direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
save for those preferred by mandatory and/or overriding 
provisions of law. 
 
Rating 
Each Tranche of Notes may be rated or unrated. 
 
Listing and admission to trading 
Application has been made to Euronext Amsterdam to 
admit the Notes (other than Exempt Notes) to be issued 
under the Programme to trading on the Market. 
In the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement will state whether or not the relevant Notes 
will be listed and/or admitted to trading. 
 
Governing Law 
The Notes, and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, the laws of The Netherlands. 
 
Selling Restrictions 
See "Subscription and Sale" below. 
 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not contain any negative pledge covenant by the Issuer and there 
is no cross default provision.

--- Page 12 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 6 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should consider carefully the risks set forth below and the other information contained 
in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own 
views prior to making any investment decision with respect to the Notes. Each of the risks highlighted below 
could have a material adverse effect on the business, operations, financial condition or prospects of NWM 
NV Group, which, in turn, could cause NWM NV Group's future results to be materially different from 
expected results and could have a material adverse effect on the amount of principal and interest which 
investors will receive in respect of the Notes. In addition, each of the risks highlighted below could adversely 
affect the trading price of the Notes or the rights of investors under the Notes and, as a result, investors could 
lose some or all of their investment. 
The factors discussed below should not be regarded as a complete and comprehensive statement of all 
potential risks and uncertainties NWM NV Group's businesses face. The Issuer believes that the factors 
described below represent the material risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but 
the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes for 
other reasons (including risks of which it is not currently aware) and the Issuer does not represent that the 
statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. All of these factors are 
contingencies which may or may not occur. Other risks, events, facts or circumstances not included in this 
Base Prospectus, not presently known to the Issuer, or that the Issuer currently deems to be immaterial could, 
individually or cumulatively, prove to be important and may have a significant negative impact on the 
Issuer's group business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Prospective investors 
should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents 
incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the order in which 
the remaining risks are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of the risks actually 
materialising, of the potential significance of the risks or of the scope of any potential negative impact to the 
Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The Issuer may face a number of 
these risks described below simultaneously and some risks described below may be interdependent. While 
the risk factors below have been divided into categories, which the Issuer believes are most appropriate, 
some risk factors could belong in more than one category and prospective investors should carefully consider 
all of the risk factors set out in this section. 
A. Risk Factors relating to NWM NV Group  
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the risks associated with 
NWM NV Group are described below.

--- Page 13 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 7 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
1. Economic and political risk 
NWM NV Group, its customers and its counterparties face continued economic risks and uncertainty in 
the UK, The Netherlands, European and global markets, including as a result of inflation and interest 
rates, supply chain disruption and geopolitical developments. 
The value of NWM NV Group’s financial instruments may be materially affected by market risk, including 
as a result of market fluctuations. Market volatility, illiquid market conditions and disruptions in the financial 
markets may make it very difficult to value certain of NWM NV Group’s financial instruments, particularly 
during periods of market displacement. This could cause a decline in the value of NWM NV Group’s 
financial instruments, or cause inaccurate carrying values for certain financial instruments. Similarly, NWM 
NV Group trades a considerable number of financial instruments (including derivatives) and volatile market 
conditions could result in a significant decline in NWM NV Group’s net trading income or result in a trading 
loss. NWM NV Group’s income from trading activities represents a relatively low profit, but this may be 
different in the future, in which case the impact will likely be more significant. In addition, financial markets 
are susceptible to severe events evidenced by, or resulting in, rapid depreciation in asset values, which may 
be accompanied by a reduction in asset liquidity. Under these conditions, hedging and other risk management 
strategies may not be as effective at mitigating losses as they would be under more normal market conditions. 
Moreover, under these conditions, market participants are particularly exposed to trading strategies 
employed by many market participants simultaneously (and often automatically) and on a large scale, 
increasing NWM NV Group’s counterparty risk. NWM NV Group’s risk management and monitoring 
processes seek to quantify and mitigate NWM NV Group’s exposure to extreme market moves. However, 
market events have historically been difficult to predict and NWM NV Group, its customers and its 
counterparties could realise significant losses if extreme market events were to occur. 
 
NWM NV Group is affected by global economic and market conditions. Uncertain and volatile economic 
conditions can create a challenging operating environment for financial services companies such as NWM 
NV Group. The outlook for the global economy remains uncertain due to a number of factors including: 
GDP growth, inflation and changes in interest rates, changes in asset prices (including residential and 
commercial property), elevated energy prices, supply chain disruption, and changes to monetary and fiscal 
policy. 
 
These conditions could be exacerbated by a number of factors including, amongst others, instability in the 
UK or global financial systems, market volatility and change, fluctuations in the value of the pound sterling 
and the euro, new or extended economic sanctions, economic volatility in the UK or globally, volatility in 
commodity prices, political uncertainty or instability (for example the upcoming US presidential elections), 
or concerns regarding sovereign debt or sovereign credit ratings, changing demographics in the markets that 
NWM NV Group serves, increasing social and other inequalities or rapid changes to the economic 
environment due to the adoption of technology, automation, artificial intelligence or due to climate change, 
and/or other sustainability-related risks. See also "Changes in interest rates will continue to affect NWM NV 
Group's business and results". Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on NWM NV 
Group directly (for example, as a result of credit losses) or indirectly (for example, by impacting global

--- Page 14 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 8 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
economic growth and financial markets and NWM NV Group's clients and their banking needs, having a 
knock on effect on the NWM NV Group). 
 
 
NWM NV Group, its customers and its counterparties face continued geopolitical and political risks and 
uncertainty in the UK, The Netherlands and Europe. 
NWM NV Group is also exposed to risks arising out of geopolitical events or political developments, that 
may hinder economic or financial activity levels. Political, military or diplomatic events (for example the 
Russia-Ukraine and Israel-Hamas conflicts), terrorist acts or threats, protectionist policies or trade barriers, 
tax changes, widespread public health crises, related adverse effects on supply chains, and the responses to 
any of the above scenarios by various governments and markets may have a material adverse effect on the 
business and performance of NWM NV Group including as a result of the direct or indirect impact on UK, 
regional or global trade and/or on NWM NV Group's customers and counterparties having a knock on effect 
on the NWM NV Group.  
 
In recent years, the UK has experienced significant political uncertainty. Heightened political uncertainty 
could lead to a loss of confidence in the UK, which could in turn, negatively impact the economy and 
companies operating in the UK. NatWest Group also faces political uncertainty in Scotland as a result of a 
possible Scottish independence referendum. Scottish independence may adversely affect NatWest Group 
(including NWM NV Group) both in relation to entities incorporated in Scotland and in other jurisdictions. 
Any changes to Scotland’s relationship with the UK or the EU may adversely affect the environment in 
which NatWest Group plc and its subsidiaries operate and may require further changes to NatWest Group 
(including NWM Group's and NWM NV Group's structure), independently or in conjunction with other 
mandatory or strategic structural and organisational changes. any of which could adversely affect NWM NV 
Group. See "Continuing uncertainty regarding the effects and extent of the UK's post Brexit divergence from 
EU laws and regulation, and NWM NV's post Brexit EU operating model may continue to adversely affect 
NWM Plc (NWM NV's parent company) and its operating environment and NatWest Group plc (NWM NV's 
ultimate parent company) and may have an indirect effect on NWM NV Group.". 
Any of the above may have a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group's future results, financial condition, 
prospects, and/or reputation. 
 
Continuing uncertainty regarding the effects and extent of the UK's post Brexit divergence from EU laws 
and regulation, and NWM NV's post Brexit EU operating model may continue to adversely affect NWM 
Plc (NWM NV's parent company) and its operating environment and NatWest Group plc (NWM NV's 
ultimate parent company) and may have an indirect effect on NWM NV Group. 
As result of the UK's withdrawal from the EU, certain aspects of the services provided by NatWest Group 
require local licences or individual equivalence decisions (temporary or otherwise) by relevant regulators.

--- Page 15 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 9 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
On 24 April 2024, the European Parliament approved the Banking Package (CRR III/CRD VI) which 
introduced a new branch licensing requirement which will affect third country firms’ provision of core 
banking services into the EU and the supervision of third country branches ("TCBs"). 
Starting from Q4 2026, unless an exemption applies, non-EU firms providing cross-border core banking 
services such as deposit-taking, lending, and the provision of guarantees and commitments will need to 
become authorised as TCBs in each relevant EU member state in which they provide these services. They 
will also have to ascertain if their activities in the European Union are subject to the new CRD VI 
requirements and existing EU branches will have to determine if they will need re-authorisation under CRD 
VI and if current authorisations will be maintained. 
Consequently, all 'banking services' provided by NatWest Group (of which NWM NV Group forms part) in 
the EU may be licensable activities in each EU member state in which it provides such services and member 
states may not be permitted to offer bilateral permissions to financial institutions outside the EU allowing 
them to provide such 'banking services' except in limited circumstances. Furthermore, failure to extend 
existing equivalence determinations, exemptions and derogations in relation to regulations such as margin 
and clearing regulations or capital regulations, may adversely affect customer engagement and/or may 
adversely affect customer engagement and/or may significantly negatively impact the operating model and 
business operations of NWM Group (of which NWM NV Group forms part). 
NatWest Group continues to evaluate its EU operating model, making adaptations as necessary. Changes to 
NatWest Group’s and NWM Group’s operating model have been, and may continue to be, costly and failure 
to receive regulatory permissions and/or further changes to their business operations, product offering, 
customer engagement, and regulatory requirements could result in further costs and/or regulatory sanction. 
Transfers in relation to NatWest Group’s Western European corporate portfolio (principally consisting of 
term funding and revolving credit facilities) may also affect NWM Group of which NWM NV Group is a 
part of.  
The long-term effects of Brexit and the uncertainty regarding NatWest Group’s EU operating model may 
adversely affect NWM Group and NWM NV Group’s business. These may be exacerbated by wider global 
macroeconomic trends and events, which may significantly impact NWM NV Group and its customers and 
counterparties who are themselves dependent on trading with the EU or personnel from the EU. The long-
term effects of Brexit may also be exacerbated by wider EU, UK and global macroeconomic trends and 
events. 
Uncertainties remain as to the extent to which EU/EEA laws will diverge from UK law. For example, changes 
to bank regulation following the enactment of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2023 ("FSMA 2023") 
and the Retained EU Law (Revocation and Reform) Act 2023. FSMA 2023 provides for the revocation of 
Retained EU Law relating to financial services regulation but sets out that this process will likely take a 
number of years and that the intention is that specific retained EU laws will not be revoked until such time 
as replacement regulatory rules are in place. Significant uncertainties remain as to whether and what 
equivalence determinations will be made by the various regulators, whether the proposed EEA licenced

--- Page 16 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 10 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
subsidiary is granted a banking licence, whether banking services will be harmonised across the EEA and, 
therefore, what the respective legal and regulatory arrangements will be, under which NWM Group and its 
subsidiaries (including NWM NV Group) will operate. This divergence could lead to further market 
fragmentation. These risks and uncertainties may require costly changes to NWM NV Group’s EU operating 
model. NWM NV Group may not be able to respond to these changes effectively, in a timely manner, or at 
all. The actions taken by regulators in response to any new or revised bank regulation and other rules 
affecting financial services, may adversely affect NWM Group, including its business, non-UK operations, 
group structure, compliance costs, intragroup arrangements and capital requirements. The legal and political 
uncertainty, and any actions taken as a result of this uncertainty, as well as the approach taken by regulators 
and new or amended rules, could have a significant adverse impact on NWM NV Group’s businesses, non-
UK operations and/or legal entity structure, including attendant operating, compliance and restructuring 
costs, level of impairments, capital requirements, changes to intragroup arrangements, increased complexity 
of the regulatory environment and tax implications and as a result may adversely affect the profitability, 
competitive position, business model and product offering of NWM Group and NWM NV Group. 
Any of the above may have a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s future results, financial condition, 
prospects, and/or reputation. 
Changes in interest rates will continue to affect NWM NV Group's business and results. 
NWM NV Group’s performance is affected by changes in interest rates. Benchmark overnight interest rates 
increased in 2023, although forward rates at 31 December 2023 and the announcement of both the ECB and 
the BoE of interest rates reduction in June and August 2024 respectively suggest interest rates may have 
begun to fall in 2024. 
 
On the one hand, stable interest rates support predictable income flow and less volatility in asset and liability 
valuations, although persistently low and negative interest rates may adversely affect NWM NV Group as it 
limits the income from lending activities.  
 
On the other hand, volatility in interest rates may result in unexpected outcomes both for interest income and 
asset and liability valuations which may adversely affect NWM NV Group. For example, unexpected 
movements in spreads between key benchmark rates such as sovereign and swap rates may, in turn, affect 
liquidity portfolio valuations. In addition, unexpected sharp rises in rates may also have an adverse effect on 
some asset and derivative valuations, for example. Furthermore, customer and investor responses to rapid 
changes in interest rates can have an adverse impact on NWM NV Group. For example, customers may make 
deposit choices that provide them with higher returns than those then being offered by NWM NV Group, 
and NWM NV Group may not respond with competitive products as rapidly, for example following an 
interest rate change which may in turn decrease NWM NV Group’s net interest income. 
 
Movements in interest rates also influence and reflect the macroeconomic situation more broadly, affecting 
factors such as business and consumer confidence, property prices, default rates on loans, customer

--- Page 17 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 11 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
behaviour, and other indicators that may indirectly affect NWM NV Group and may adversely affect its 
future results, financial condition, prospects, and/or reputation. 
HM Treasury (or UKGI on its behalf) could exercise a significant degree of influence over the NatWest 
Group and NWM NV Group is ultimately controlled by NatWest Group. 
NatWest Group plc is the ultimate parent company of NWM NV. In its Autumn Statement 2023 (presented 
on 22 November 2023), the UK Government confirmed its commitment to exiting its shareholding in 
NatWest Group plc, subject to market conditions. It also stated that it “intends to fully exit by 2025-26 
utilising a range of disposal methods” and “will explore options to launch a share sale to retail investors in 
the next twelve months, subject to supportive market conditions”. 
NatWest Group plc has most recently: (i) carried out a directed buyback of NatWest Group plc ordinary 
shares from HM Treasury in May 2024, and (ii) made purchases under NatWest Group plc’s on-market 
buyback programmes announced in July 2023 and February 2024. NatWest Group plc may participate in 
similar directed or on-market buybacks in the near- and medium-term future. As at 2 August 2024, HM 
Treasury held 18.99 per cent. of the ordinary share capital with voting rights of NatWest Group plc.  
Achievement of the UK Government’s Autumn Statement 2023 objective is likely to entail it selling a 
significant number of NatWest Group plc’s shares. The precise timing, method and extent of further HM 
Treasury’s disposal of NatWest Group plc’s shares may be driven by economic as well as other considerations 
and is uncertain, which could result in a prolonged period of price volatility for NatWest Group plc’s ordinary 
shares and NatWest Group’s (including NWM NV Group) other securities.  
Any offers or sales of a substantial number of ordinary shares in NatWest Group plc by HM Treasury 
(including at a discount or with other incentives), market expectations about these offers or sales, or 
perceptions about the success or failure of any offers or sales (including for example, media or public 
attention on any such offering or post-offer share price performance), and any directed, on- or off-market 
buyback activity by NatWest Group plc, could affect the prevailing market price for the outstanding ordinary 
shares of NatWest Group plc, and, in the case of a directed, on- or off-market buyback, could reduce NatWest 
Group plc’s capital and liquidity, which may have an adverse effect on NWM NV Group. 
HM Treasury has indicated that it intends to respect the commercial decisions of NatWest Group and that 
NatWest Group entities (including NWM NV Group) will continue to have their own independent board of 
directors and management team determining their own strategy. However, for as long as HM Treasury 
remains NatWest Group plc’s largest single shareholder, HM Treasury and UK Government Investments 
Limited ("UKGI") (as manager of HM Treasury’s shareholding) could exercise a significant degree of 
influence over NatWest Group (including NWM NV Group) including: the election or removal of directors, 
the appointment or removal of senior management, NatWest Group’s (including NWM NV Group’s) capital 
strategy, dividend policy, remuneration policy or the conduct of NatWest Group’s (including NWM NV 
Group’s) operations. HM Treasury or UKGI’s approach largely depends on government policy and other 
considerations, which could change. The manner in which HM Treasury or UKGI exercises HM Treasury’s

--- Page 18 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 12 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
rights as the largest single shareholder of NatWest Group could give rise to, for example, conflicts between 
the interests of HM Treasury and the interests of other shareholders, including as a result of a change in 
government policy, which may in turn adversely affect NatWest Group (including NWM NV Group). The 
exertion of such influence over NatWest Group could in turn adversely affect the governance or business 
strategy of NWM NV Group.  
In addition, as a wholly owned subsidiary of NWM Plc (and ultimately NatWest Group plc), NWM plc and 
NatWest Group plc directly and indirectly control NWM NV Group’s corporate policies and strategic 
direction. The interests of NatWest Group plc as an equity holder of NWM NV Group and as its ultimate 
parent and the interests of the Commercial & Institutional franchise may differ from the interests of NWM 
NV Group or of potential investors in NWM NV Group’s securities. 
Any of the above may have a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s future results, financial condition, 
prospects, and/or reputation. 
2. Strategic risk 
NWM Group (including NWM NV Group) has been in a period of significant structural and other change, 
including as a result of NatWest Group’s strategy and NatWest Group’s creation of its Commercial & 
Institutional business segment, of which NWM Group (including NWM NV Group) forms part and may 
continue to be subject to significant structural and other change.  
As part of NatWest Group’s strategy, NWM Group’s own strategy has evolved to focus on serving NatWest 
Group’s corporate and institutional customer base, via the creation of NatWest Group’s Commercial & 
Institutional ("C&I") business segment (which combines the previously separately reporting NatWest 
Group’s Commercial, NatWest Markets and RBS International businesses). Since the quarter ending 30 
March 2022, NatWest Group plc has been reporting its results under the Commercial & Institutional 
operating segment structure, although NWM Plc continues to also report on a standalone legal entity basis. 
The Commercial & Institutional business segment was created to promote closer operational and strategic 
alignment to support NatWest Group growth, with more integrated services to customers across NatWest 
Group entities, within and outside the ring-fenced banks, with the potential increased risk of breach of the 
UK ring-fencing regime requiring effective conflicts of interest policies. As a result of further focusing on 
NatWest Group’s core Commercial & Institutional customers, NWM Group’s prospects have become further 
dependent on the success and strategy of NatWest Group.  
NWM Group’s ability to serve its customers may be adversely affected by its changing business strategy and 
customer reactions to the changing nature of NWM Group’s business model may be more adverse than 
expected. Previously anticipated revenue and profitability levels may not be achieved (including in relation 
to the ability to support customer transactions whilst meeting NWM Group capital targets, and changes to 
the availability of risk capital, in the timescales envisaged or at all). An adverse macroeconomic 
environment, political and regulatory uncertainty, market volatility or change, uncertainties regarding the

--- Page 19 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 13 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
senior leadership of NatWest Group, and/or strong market competition may require NWM Group to adjust 
aspects of its strategy or the timeframe for its implementation.  
NWM Group’s strategy requires it to meet cost reduction targets. A significant proportion of the cost savings 
are dependent on simplification of the IT systems and therefore may not be realised if IT capabilities are not 
delivered in line with assumptions. In addition, the scale of changes that have been concurrently implemented 
require the implementation and application of robust governance and controls frameworks and robust IT 
systems. There is a risk that NWM Group (including NWM NV Group) may not be successful in maintaining 
such governance and control frameworks and IT systems.  
As part of NWM Group’s strategy, NWM Group has set a number of financial, capital and operational targets 
and expectations, which are expected to require further reductions to its wider cost base. The financial, 
operational and capital targets and expectations envisaged by NWM’s strategy may not be met or maintained 
in the timeframes expected or at all. In addition, targets and expectations for NWM Group are based on 
management plans, projections and models, and are subject to a number of key assumptions and judgments, 
any of which may prove to be inaccurate.  
NWM Group has implemented a shared services model and transfer pricing arrangements with some entities 
within NatWest Group’s ring-fenced sub-group (including NatWest Bank Plc and The Royal Bank of 
Scotland Plc). NWM Group therefore relies directly or indirectly on NatWest Group entities to provide 
services to itself and its clients. This reliance has increased as a result of NWM Group joining NatWest 
Group’s Commercial & Institutional business segment.  
A failure of NWM Group to receive these services may result in operational risk. See also "Operational risks 
(including reliance on third party suppliers and outsourcing of certain activities) are inherent in NWM NV 
Group’s businesses.". In addition, any change to the cost and/or scope of services provided by NatWest Group 
may impact NWM Group’s (including NWM NV Group’s) competitive position and its ability to meet its 
other targets. 
NWM’s strategy entails legal, execution, operational and regulatory (including compliance with the UK ring 
fencing regime), conflicts, IT system, cybersecurity, culture, people, conduct, business and financial risks to 
NWM Group (including NWM NV Group). As a result, NWM Group may not be able to successfully 
implement some or all aspects of its strategy or may not meet any or all of the related strategic targets or 
expectations. Each of the risks identified above, individually or collectively, could adversely affect NWM 
Group’s (including NWM NV Group’s) products and services offering or office locations, competitive 
position, ability to meet targets and commitments, reputation with customers or business model and may 
result in higher than anticipated costs, all of which could adversely affect NWM Group (including NWM 
NV Group) and its ability to deliver its strategy. There is a risk that the intended benefits of NatWest Group 
and NWM Group’s strategies may not be realised in the timelines or in the manner contemplated, or at all. 
Various aspects of NWM Group’s strategy may not be successful, may not be completed as planned, or at 
all, or could be phased or could progress in a manner other than as expected. This could lead to additional

--- Page 20 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 14 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
management actions by NWM Group (or NWM NV Group), regulatory action or reduced liquidity and/or 
funding opportunities. 
Any of the above may lead to NWM Group (and NWM NV Group) not being viable, competitive or 
profitable, and may have a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s future results, financial condition, 
prospects, and/or reputation. 
The transfer of NWM Group’s Western European corporate portfolio involves certain risks.  
To improve efficiencies and best serve customers following Brexit, NWM Group expects that certain assets, 
liabilities, transactions and activities of NatWest Group (including NatWest Group’s Western European 
corporate portfolio principally consisting of term funding and revolving credit facilities) (the "Transfer 
Business"), may be: (i) transferred from the ring-fenced subgroup of NatWest Group to NWM Group, and/or 
(ii) transferred to the ring-fenced subgroup of NatWest Group from NWM Group, subject to regulatory and 
customer requirements. The timing, success and quantum of any of these transfers remain uncertain as is the 
impact of these transactions on its results of operations. As a result, this could have a material adverse effect 
on NWM Group’s (including NWM N.V. Group) future results, financial condition, prospects, and/or 
reputation. 
3. Financial resilience risk 
NWM NV is NatWest Group’s banking and trading entity located in The Netherlands. NWM NV has 
repurposed its banking licence, and NWM NV Group may be subject to further changes. 
As part of NatWest Group’s strategy, NWM NV is NatWest Group’s banking and trading entity located in 
The Netherlands, serves EEA customers, and became a NWM Plc subsidiary in November 2019. In addition, 
although the head office for NWM NV is located in Amsterdam, NWM NV Group also operates branches in 
France, Germany, Italy and Sweden. On 13 November 2023, the European Central Bank ("ECB") confirmed 
that RBS Holdings NV ("RBSH") and its subsidiary NWM NV were classified as a "significant supervised 
group". As a result, the ECB assumed direct supervision of NWM NV on 1 January 2024. Direct supervision 
could have an adverse impact on NWM NV Group’s business strategy, operating model (including any 
compliance cost) and increased prudential and regulatory requirements. 
As a subsidiary of NWM Plc (and ultimately NatWest Group plc), NWM NV utilises a number of NWM 
Group and NatWest Group systems, policies and frameworks (via a shared services model) including in 
relation to: technology (including innovation) and network infrastructure, marketing, risk frameworks, 
financial accounting systems, reporting, onboarding processes, model development and validation, certain 
administrative and legal services and governance. In addition, the products that NWM NV offers are based 
on those offered by NWM Plc. See also "Operational risks (including reliance on third party suppliers and 
outsourcing of certain activities) are inherent in NWM NV Group’s businesses". As such, any changes made 
to systems, policies, frameworks or products of NatWest Group or NWM Group may have a corresponding 
adverse effect on NWM NV.

--- Page 21 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 15 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
Any of the above may have a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s future results, financial condition, 
prospects, and/or reputation. 
NWM Group, including NWM NV Group, may not achieve its ambitions, targets and guidance it 
communicates, generate returns or implement its strategy effectively.  
NWM NV Group is subject to transfer pricing arrangements with its parent entity, NWM Plc. Arm's length 
transfer pricing legislation in both The Netherlands and UK requires that, for transactions between related 
parties, each entity is rewarded on the same basis as two independent parties negotiating a contract covering 
the same activities. The transfer pricing arrangements between NWM NV and NWM Plc require approval 
by both counterparties and are subject to audit and/or assessment by Dutch and UK tax authorities. A portion 
of NWM NV Group's income derives from transfer pricing income received from NatWest Group entities. 
Should the level of such income change as a result of regulatory intervention or otherwise, this may have a 
material and adverse effect on NWM NV Group's profitability.  
As part of NatWest Group's strategy, NWM NV Group has set a number of financial, capital and operational 
targets including in respect of: balance sheet and cost reduction measures, CET1 ratio targets (for NWM Plc 
and NWM NV), MREL targets, leverage ratio targets (for NWM Plc and NWM NV), targets in relation to 
local regulation, funding plans and requirements, employee engagement, diversity and inclusion as well as 
climate strategy (including its climate and sustainable funding and financing targets) and customer 
satisfaction targets.   
NWM NV Group's ability to meet its ambitions, targets and guidance (including its CET1 ratio target), and 
make discretionary capital distributions and to successfully fulfil its strategy is subject to various internal 
and external factors, risks and uncertainties. These include, but are not limited to: global macroeconomic, 
political, market and regulatory uncertainties, and operational risks and risks relating to NWM NV Group's 
business model and strategy (including risks associated with climate and other sustainability-related issues). 
See also "NWM Group (including NWM NV Group) has been in a period of significant structural and other 
change, including as a result of NatWest Group’s strategy and NatWest Group’s creation of its Commercial 
& Institutional business segment, of which NWM Group (including NWM NV Group) forms part and may 
continue to be subject to significant structural and other change.". 
A number of factors may impact NWM NV's ability to maintain its current CET1 ratio targets, including 
impairments, the macroeconomic environment, the extent of organic capital generation or the reduction of 
risk-weighted assets ("RWAs") and the receipt and payment of dividends. NWM NV may incur disposal 
losses as part of the process of exiting positions to reduce RWAs. Some of these losses may be recognised 
ahead of the actual disposals and the losses overall may be higher than anticipated. 
NWM NV Group's ability to meet its planned reductions in annual costs may vary considerably from year 
to year. Furthermore, the focus on maintaining balance sheet and cost-reduction targets may result in limited 
investment in other areas which could affect NWM NV Group's long-term product offering or competitive 
position and its ability to meet its other targets, including those related to customer satisfaction. Should

--- Page 22 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 16 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
NWM NV's income be adversely affected due to transfer pricing factors, or should it be unable to meet its 
targets or generate a sustainable return, there may be an adverse impact on NWM NV Group's profitability. 
In addition, challenging trading conditions may adversely affect NWM NV Group’s business and its ability 
to achieve its targets and guidance and execute its strategy. Furthermore, NWM NV Group’s strategy may 
not be successfully executed, or it may not meet its ambitions, targets, guidance, and expectations. 
Any of the above may lead NWM NV Group to not meet its ambitions, target, guidance and expectations, to 
not be viable, competitive or profitable, and may have a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s future 
results, financial condition, prospects, and/or reputation. 
NWM NV may not meet the prudential regulatory requirements for capital.  
NWM NV Group is required by the ECB to maintain adequate financial resources. Adequate capital provides 
NWM NV Group with financial flexibility in the face of turbulence and uncertainty in the global economy 
and specifically in its core European operations.  
NWM NV's CET1 ratio as per 30 June 2024 is 19.9 per cent. and the target CET1 ratio is around 14 per cent. 
in the medium term, and is based on expected regulatory requirements, internal modelling and risk appetite 
(including under stress). NWM NV’s current capital strategy is based on the management of RWAs and other 
capital management initiatives. 
Other factors that could influence NWM NV's CET1 ratio include: 
• 
a depletion of NWM NV's capital resources through reduced profits (which would in turn impact 
retained earnings) and may result from revenue attrition or increased liabilities, sustained periods 
of low interest rates, reduced asset values resulting in write-downs or reserve adjustments, 
impairments, changes in accounting policy, accounting charges or foreign exchange movements;  
• 
a change in the quantum of NWM NV's RWAs, stemming from exceeding target RWA levels, 
regulatory adjustments (for example, from additional market risk backtesting exceptions), foreign 
exchange movements or a failure in internal controls or procedures to accurately measure and report 
RWAs. An increase in RWAs would lead to a reduction in the CET1 ratio (and increase the amount 
of internal MREL required for NWM NV); 
• 
changes in prudential regulatory requirements including the Total Capital Requirement for NWM 
N.V (as regulated by the ECB), including Pillar 2 requirements and regulatory buffers, as well as 
any applicable scalars;  
• 
further developments of prudential regulation (for example, finalisation of Basel 3 standards), 
which will impact various areas including the approach to calculating credit risk, market risk, 
leverage ratio, capital floors and operational risk RWAs, as well as continued regulatory uncertainty 
on the details thereto;

--- Page 23 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 17 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
further losses (including as a result of extreme one-off incidents such as cyberattack, fraud or 
conduct issues) would deplete capital resources and place downward pressure on the CET1 ratio; 
or 
• 
the timing of planned liquidation, disposal and/or capital releases of capital including on activity or 
legacy entities owned by NWM NV. 
See also "NWM Group (including NWM NV Group) has been in a period of significant structural and other 
change, including as a result of NatWest Group’s strategy and NatWest Group’s recent creation of its 
Commercial & Institutional business segment (of which NWM Group forms part) and may continue to be 
subject to significant structural and other change.". 
Management actions taken under a stress scenario may affect, among other things, NWM NV Group's 
product offering, its credit ratings, its ability to operate its businesses and pursue its current strategies and 
strategic opportunities, any of which may negatively impact investor confidence and the value of NWM NV 
Group's securities. See also "NWM NV may not manage its capital, liquidity or funding effectively which 
could trigger the execution of certain management actions or recovery options" and "NatWest Group 
(including the NWM NV) may become subject to the application of statutory stabilisation or resolution 
powers which may result in, for example, the write-down or conversion of the certain Eligible Liabilities 
(including NWM NV's Eligible Liabilities)." for other risks that could adversely affect NWM NV Group's 
capital position, funding and liquidity. 
Any of the above may have a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s future results, financial condition, 
prospects, and/or reputation. 
NWM NV Group may not meet the prudential regulatory requirements for liquidity and funding or may 
not be able to adequately access sources of liquidity and funding, which could trigger the execution of 
certain management actions or recovery options. 
Liquidity and the ability to raise funds continues to be a key area of focus for NWM NV Group and the 
industry as a whole. NatWest Group and NWM NV are required by regulators in the UK, the EU and other 
jurisdictions in which they undertake regulated activities to maintain adequate liquidity and funding 
resources. To satisfy its liquidity and funding requirements, NWM NV Group may therefore access sources 
of liquidity and funding through deposits and wholesale funding, including debt capital markets and trading 
liabilities (such as repurchase agreements). As at 30 June 2024, NWM NV Group held EUR 5,947 billion in 
deposits from banks and customers. The level of deposits and wholesale funding may fluctuate due to factors 
outside NWM NV Group's control. These factors include: loss of clients, changes in customer behaviour, 
loss of client and/or investor confidence (including in individual NWM NV Group entities, the European 
banking sector or the banking sector as a whole), changes in interest rates, government support, increasing 
competitive pressures for bank funding or the reduction or cessation of deposits and other funding by 
counterparties, any of which could result in a significant outflow of deposits or reduction in wholesale 
funding within a short period of time. See also "NWM NV Group has significant exposure to counterparty

--- Page 24 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 18 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
and borrower risk" for risks relating to NWM NV Group's counterparties and borrowers that could negatively 
affect its liquidity position.  
An inability to grow, roll-over, or any material decrease in, NWM NV Group's deposits, short-term wholesale 
funding and short-term liability financing could, particularly if accompanied by one of the other factors 
described above, materially affect NWM NV Group's ability to satisfy its liquidity needs.  
NWM NV Group engages from time to time in "fee based borrow" transactions whereby collateral (such as 
government bonds) is borrowed from counterparties on an unsecured basis in return for a fee. This borrowed 
collateral may be used by NWM NV Group to finance parts of its balance sheet, either in its repo financing 
business, derivatives portfolio or more generally across its balance sheet. If such "fee based borrow" 
transactions are unwound whilst used to support the financing of parts of NWM NV Group balance sheet, 
then unsecured funding from other sources would be required to replace such financing. There is a risk that 
NWM NV Group would be unable to replace such financing on acceptable terms or at all, which may have 
an adverse effect on its liquidity position and may adversely affect NWM NV Group's business, results of 
operations and outlook. In addition, because the "fee base borrow" transactions are conducted off-balance 
sheet (due to the collateral being borrowed) investors may find it more difficult to gauge NWM NV Group's 
creditworthiness, which may be affected if these transactions were to be unwound in a stress scenario. Any 
lack of, or perceived lack of, creditworthiness may adversely affect NWM NV Group.  
Macroeconomic developments and political uncertainty, changes in interest rates, and market volatility could 
affect NWM NV Group’s ability to access sources of liquidity and funding on satisfactory terms, or at all. 
This may result in higher funding costs and failure to comply with regulatory capital, funding and leverage 
requirements. As a result, NWM NV Group and its subsidiaries could be required to change their funding 
plans and/or their operations. This could exacerbate funding and liquidity risk, which could have a negative 
effect on NWM NV Group. 
As at 30 June 2024, NWM NV Group reported a liquidity coverage ratio of 241 per cent. on a solo basis. If 
its liquidity position were to come under stress and if NWM NV Group is unable to raise funds through 
deposits, wholesale funding sources, or other reliable funding sources, on acceptable terms or at all, its 
liquidity position would likely be adversely affected. This would mean that NWM NV Group might be 
unable to meet deposit withdrawals on demand, or satisfy buy back requests, repay borrowings as they 
mature, meet its obligations under committed financing facilities, comply with regulatory funding 
requirements, undertake certain capital and/or debt management activities, or fund new loans, investments 
and businesses.  
If, under a stress scenario, the level of liquidity falls outside of NWM NV Group’s risk appetite, there are a 
range of recovery management actions that NWM NV Group could take to manage its liquidity levels. 
However, any such actions may not be sufficient to restore adequate liquidity levels. NWM NV Group must 
maintain a recovery plan acceptable to its regulator, such that a breach of NWM NV Group’s applicable 
liquidity requirements would trigger consideration of NWM NV’s recovery plan. This in turn may prompt 
consideration of NatWest Group’s recovery plan to attempt to remediate a deficient liquidity position.

--- Page 25 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 19 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
NWM NV Group may need to liquidate assets to meet its liabilities, including disposals of assets not 
previously identified for disposal to reduce its funding or payment commitments or trigger the execution of 
certain management actions or recovery options. This could also lead to higher funding costs and/or changes 
to NWM Group’s funding plans or its operations. In a time of reduced liquidity, or market stress, NWM NV 
Group may be unable to sell some of its assets, or may need to sell assets at depressed prices, which in either 
case may adversely affect NWM NV Group. 
NWM NV Group independently manages liquidity risk on a stand-alone basis, including through holding its 
own liquidity portfolio. It has restricted access to liquidity or funding from other NatWest Group entities. As 
a result, NWM NV’s liquidity position could be adversely affected, which may also require assets to be 
liquidated or may result in higher funding costs which may adversely affect NWM NV Group’s margins and 
profitability. NWM NV’s management of its own liquidity portfolio and the structure of capital support are 
subject to operational and execution risk, as NWM NV is required to meet its own liquidity and capital 
requirements. 
Continuing market volatility may have a negative effect on NWM NV Group's access to liquidity and 
funding, which could mean that NWM NV Group is required to adapt its funding plan or change its 
operations and could adversely affect NWM NV Group. Market volatility may also result in increases to 
leverage exposure. 
Any of the above may have a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s future results, financial condition, 
prospects, and/or reputation. 
NWM NV Group is reliant on access to the capital markets to meet its funding requirements. The inability 
to do so may adversely affect NWM NV Group. 
NWM NV Group has funding requirements based on its current and anticipated business activities and is 
reliant on frequent access to the capital markets for funding, at a cost that can be passed through to its 
customers. This access entails execution risk, regulatory risk, risk of reduced commercial activity, risk of 
loss of market confidence in NWM NV Group if it cannot finance its activities and risk of a ratings 
downgrade, which could be influenced by a number of internal or external factors, including, those 
summarised in "NWM NV Group, its customers and its counterparties face continued economic risks and 
uncertainty in the UK, The Netherlands, European and global markets, including as a result of inflation, 
interest rates, supply chain disruption and geopolitical developments." and "Continuing uncertainty 
regarding the effects and extent of the UK's post Brexit divergence from EU laws and regulation, and NWM 
NV's post Brexit EU operating model may continue to adversely affect NWM Plc (NWM NV's parent 
company) and its operating environment and NatWest Group plc (NWM NV's ultimate parent company) and 
may have an indirect effect on NWM NV Group.". In addition, NWM NV receives capital and funding from 
NatWest Group plc and NWM NV is therefore reliant on the willingness of NatWest Group plc to fund its 
internal capital targets. NWM NV Group has set target levels for different tiers of capital as percentages of 
its RWAs, being a minimum CET1 capital ratio of around 14 per cent. and a minimum CRR leverage ratio 
of more than 4 per cent. The level of capital and funding required for NWM NV to meet its internal targets

--- Page 26 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 20 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
is therefore a function of the level of RWAs and its leverage exposure in NWM NV and this may vary over 
time. Any inability of NWM NV Group to adequately access the capital markets, to manage its balance sheet 
in line with assumptions in its funding plans, may adversely affect NWM NV Group, such that NWM NV 
Group may not constitute a viable banking business and/or NWM NV may fail to meet its regulatory capital 
requirements (at present, NWM NV does not yet have its own MREL). 
Any of the above may have a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s future results, financial condition, 
prospects, and/or reputation. 
NWM NV may not manage its capital, liquidity or funding effectively which could trigger the execution 
of certain management actions or recovery options. 
Under the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directives I and II ("BRRD"), as implemented in The 
Netherlands, NWM NV Group must maintain a recovery plan acceptable to its regulator, such that a breach 
of NWM NV's applicable capital or leverage, liquidity or funding requirements would trigger consideration 
of NWM NV's recovery plan, and in turn may prompt consideration of NatWest Group's recovery plan. If, 
under stressed conditions, the liquidity, capital or leverage ratio were to decline, there are a range of recovery 
management actions (focused on risk reduction and mitigation) that NWM NV could undertake that may or 
may not be sufficient to restore adequate liquidity, capital and leverage ratios. Additional management 
options relating to existing capital issuances, asset or business disposals, capital payments and dividends 
from NWM NV to its parent, could also be undertaken to support NWM NV's capital and leverage 
requirements. NatWest Group may also address a shortage of capital in NWM NV by providing parental 
support to NWM NV, subject to evidence that the conditions set out in Article 23 of the BRRD, as 
implemented into Dutch law in article 3:301 and 3:305 of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act (Wet 
op het financieel toezicht, the "FMSA") have been met. NatWest Group's (and/or NWM NV's) regulator may 
also request that NWM NV Group carry out additional capital management actions. The Bank of England 
has identified single point-of-entry at NatWest Group plc as the preferred resolution strategy for NatWest 
Group. However, under certain conditions set forth in the BRRD, as implemented by the FMSA, The Dutch 
Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank) ("DNB") or the Single EU Resolution Board ("SRB"), also have the 
power to execute the 'bail-in' of certain securities of NWM NV, which may include any Notes, without further 
action at NatWest Group level. 
Any capital management actions taken under a stress scenario may in turn affect, among other things, NWM 
NV Group's product offering, credit ratings, ability to operate its businesses and pursue its current strategies 
and strategic opportunities as well as negatively impacting investor confidence and the value of NWM NV 
Group's securities. See also "NatWest Group (including NWM NV) may become subject to the application of 
statutory stabilisation or resolution powers which may result in, for example, the write-down or conversion 
of certain Eligible Liabilities (including NWM NV's Eligible Liabilities)" for other risks that may adversely 
affect the value of NWM NV Group's securities. In addition, if NWM NV's liquidity position was to be 
adversely affected, this may require assets to be liquidated or may result in higher funding costs, which may 
adversely affect NWM NV Group's operating performance.

--- Page 27 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 21 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
Any of the above may have a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s future results, financial condition, 
prospects, and/or reputation. 
Any reduction in the credit rating and/or outlooks assigned to NatWest Group plc, any of its subsidiaries 
(including NWM Plc or NWM NV) or any of their respective debt securities could adversely affect the 
availability of funding for NWM NV Group, reduce NWM NV Group's liquidity position and increase the 
cost of funding.  
Rating agencies regularly review NatWest Group plc, NWM Plc, NWM NV and other NatWest Group 
entities' credit ratings and outlooks. NWM NV Group entities' credit ratings and outlooks, could be 
negatively affected (directly and indirectly) by a number of factors that can change over time, including 
without limitations: credit rating agencies' assessment of NWM NV Group's strategy and management's 
capability; its financial condition including in respect of profitability, asset quality, capital, funding and 
liquidity, and risk management practices; the level of political support for the sectors and regions in which 
NWM NV Group operates; the implementation of structural reform; the legal and regulatory frameworks 
applicable to NWM NV Group's legal structure; business activities and the rights of its creditors; changes in 
rating methodologies; changes in the relative size of the loss-absorbing buffers protecting bondholders and 
depositors; the competitive environment, political, geopolitical and economic conditions in NWM NV 
Group’s key markets (including interest rates and inflation, supply chain disruptions and the outcome of any 
further Scottish independence referendum); and any reduction of the UK’s sovereign credit rating and market 
uncertainty.  
In addition, credit ratings agencies are increasingly taking into account sustainability-related factors, 
including climate, environmental, social and governance related risk, as part of the credit ratings analysis, as 
are investors in their investment decisions. See also "Any reduction in the environmental, social and 
corporate governance (ESG) ratings of NatWest Group or NWM Group (including NWM NV Group) could 
have a negative impact on NatWest Group’s or NWM Group's (including NWM NV Group) reputation and 
on investors’ risk appetite and customers' willingness to deal with NatWest Group, NWM Group or NWM 
NV Group.". 
Any reductions in the credit ratings of NatWest Group plc, NWM Plc, NWM NV or of certain other NatWest 
Group entities, including, in particular, any downgrade below investment grade, or a deterioration in the 
capital markets' perception of NWM NV Group's financial resilience could significantly affect NWM NV 
Group's access to capital markets, reduce the size of its deposit base and trigger additional collateral or other 
requirements in its funding arrangements or the need to amend such arrangements, which could adversely 
affect NWM NV Group's (and, in particular, NWM NV's) cost of funding and its access to capital markets 
which could limit the range of counterparties willing to enter into transactions with NWM NV Group (and, 
in particular, with NWM NV), on favourable terms, or at all. This may in turn adversely affect NWM NV 
Group's competitive position and threaten its prospects. 
Any of the above may have a material adverse effect on NWM Group’s future results, financial condition, 
prospects, and/or reputation.

--- Page 28 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 22 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
NWM NV Group operates in markets that are highly competitive, with competitive pressures and 
technology disruption.  
The markets within which NWM NV Group operates are highly competitive, and NWM NV Group expects 
such competition to continue and intensify in response to various changes including: evolving customer 
behaviour, technological changes (including digital currencies and other instruments, stablecoins, and the 
growth of digital banking, such as from fintech entrants), competitor behaviour, new entrants to the market 
(including non-traditional financial services providers who may have competitive advantages in scale, 
technology and consumer engagement), competitive foreign exchange offerings, industry trends resulting in 
increased disaggregation or unbundling of financial services, or conversely the reintermediation of 
traditional banking services, and the impact of regulatory actions and other factors. In particular, 
developments in the financial sector resulting from new or more competitive banking and lending products 
and services offered by rapidly evolving incumbents, challengers (including shadow banks and alternative 
lenders, i.e. entities which carry out activities of a similar nature to banks without the same regulatory 
oversight) and new entrants such as technology companies (which may result in a shift in customer 
behaviour) and the introduction of disruptive technology, may impede NWM NV Group’s ability to grow or 
retain its market share and impact its revenues and profitability. Moreover, innovations such as biometrics, 
artificial intelligence (including generative artificial intelligence), automation, the cloud, blockchain, 
cryptocurrencies and quantum computing may rapidly facilitate industry transformation.  
Increasingly, many of the products and services offered by NWM NV Group are, and will become, more 
technology intensive, including through digitalisation, automation and the use of artificial intelligence. 
NWM NV Group's ability to develop or acquire such services (which also comply with applicable and 
evolving regulations) and their integration in NWM NV Group’s systems and controls has become 
increasingly important to retaining and growing NWM NV Group's competitiveness, market share and client 
businesses across its geographical footprint. There is a risk that NWM NV Group's innovation strategy which 
includes investment in its IT capability intended to improve its core infrastructure and client interface 
capabilities as well as investments and strategic partnerships with third party technology providers will be 
successful or that it will allow NWM NV Group to successfully offer innovative products and services in the 
future. Certain of NWM NV Group's current or future competitors may be more successful in implementing 
innovative technologies for delivering products or services to their clients, which may adversely affect its 
competitive position. NWM NV Group may also fail to identify future opportunities or fail to derive benefits 
from technologies in the context of technological innovation, changing customer behaviour and changing 
regulatory demands, resulting in increased competition from traditional banking businesses as well as new 
providers of financial services (including technology conglomerates with strong brand recognition, that may 
be able to develop financial services at a lower cost base). NWM NV Group’s competitors may also be better 
able to attract and retain clients and key employees, may have more effective IT systems and may have 
access to lower cost funding and/or be able to attract deposits or provide investment banking services on 
more favourable terms than NWM NV Group. As mentioned above, NWM NV operates a shared services 
model in relation to technology and innovation. Although NWM NV Group invests in new technologies and

--- Page 29 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 23 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
participates in industry and research-led initiatives aimed at developing new technologies, such investments 
may be insufficient or ineffective, especially given NWM NV Group's focus on its cost efficiencies.  
This may limit additional investment in areas such as financial innovation and could affect NWM NV 
Group's offering of innovative products or technologies for delivering products or services to clients and in 
turn affecting its competitive position. NWM Group and NWM NV Group may also fail to identify future 
opportunities or fail to derive benefits from technologies in a context of technological innovation, changing 
customer behaviour and changing regulatory demands. Any of the above may limit additional investment in 
areas such as innovation and could affect NWM Group’s offering of innovative products or technologies for 
delivering products or services to customers and its competitive position. Furthermore, the development of 
innovative products depends on NWM Group and NWM NV Group's ability to effectively produce, acquire, 
or manage underlying high quality data, failing which its ability to offer innovative products may be 
compromised. 
If NWM NV Group is unable to offer competitive, attractive and innovative products that are also profitable 
and rolled out in a timely manner, it will lose market share, incur losses on some or all of its initiatives and 
lose opportunities for growth. In this context, NWM NV Group is investing in the automation of certain 
solutions and interactions within its customer-facing businesses, including through automation and artificial 
intelligence. Such initiatives may result in operational, reputational and conduct risks if the technology used 
is not used appropriately, is defective, inadequate or is not fully integrated into NWM NV Group's current 
solutions, systems, and controls. There is a risk that such initiatives will deliver the expected cost savings 
and investment in technology (including automated processes and artificial intelligence) will likely also 
result in increased costs for NWM NV Group. 
In addition, NatWest Group's strategy as well as employee remuneration constraints, may also have an impact 
on NWM NV Group's ability to compete effectively and intensified competition from incumbents, 
challengers and new entrants as well as disintermediation by large technology companies could affect NWM 
NV Group's ability to provide satisfactory returns.  
Moreover, activist investors have increasingly become engaged and interventionist in recent years, which 
may pose a threat to NatWest Group's strategic initiatives. Furthermore, continued consolidation or 
technological or other developments in the financial services industry could result in NWM NV Group's 
competitors gaining greater capital and other resources, including the ability to offer a broader range of 
products and services and geographic diversity, or the emergence of new competitors.  
Any of the above may adversely affect NWM NV Group’s future results, financial condition and/or 
prospects. 
NWM NV Group may be adversely affected if NatWest Group and NWM NV Group fail to meet the 
requirements of regulatory stress tests. 
NatWest Group is subject to annual and other stress tests by its regulator in the UK and NWM NV Group is 
subject to stress testing by the ECB. Stress tests are designed to assess the resilience of banks to potential

--- Page 30 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 24 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
adverse economic or financial developments and ensure that they have robust, forward-looking capital 
planning processes that account for the risks associated with their business profile. If the stress tests reveal 
that a bank's existing regulatory capital buffers are not sufficient to absorb the impact of the stress, then it is 
possible that the bank may need to take action to strengthen its capital position. 
Failure by NatWest Group (or NWM NV Group) to meet its quantitative and qualitative requirements of the 
stress tests set forth by its UK regulators or the ECB, as applicable, may result in: NatWest Group's (and/or 
NWM NV Group's) regulators requiring NatWest Group (or NWM NV Group) to generate additional capital, 
reputational damage, increased supervision and/or regulatory sanctions and/or loss of investor confidence,  
Any of the above may have a material adverse effect on NatWest Group’s (and NWM NV Group’s) future 
results, financial condition, prospects, and/or reputation. 
NWM NV Group has significant exposure to counterparty and borrower risk including credit losses, 
which may have an adverse effect on NWM NV Group.  
NWM NV, a subsidiary of NWM Plc, has a portfolio of loans and loan commitments to Western European 
corporate customers. As a result, through the NWM NV business and NWM Group’s other activities, NWM 
Group has exposure to many different sectors, customers and counterparties, and risks arising from actual or 
perceived changes in credit quality and the recoverability of monies due from borrowers and other 
counterparties are inherent in a wide range of NWM NV Group's businesses. These risks may be concentrated 
for those businesses for which client income is heavily weighted towards a specific geographic region, 
industry or client base. Furthermore, these risks are likely to increase due to the expected transfer of NatWest 
Group’s Transfer Business (see also "The transfer of NWM Group’s Western European corporate portfolio 
involves certain risks"). Credit risk may arise from a variety of business activities, including, but not limited 
to: extending credit to clients through various lending commitments; entering into swap or other derivative 
contracts under which counterparties have obligations to make payments to NWM NV Group (including 
uncollateralised derivatives); providing short or long-term funding that is secured by physical or financial 
collateral whose value may at times be insufficient to fully cover the loan repayment amount; posting margin 
and/or collateral and other commitments to clearing houses, clearing agencies, exchanges, banks, securities 
firms and other financial counterparties; and investing and trading in securities and loan pools, whereby the 
value of these assets may fluctuate based on realised or expected defaults on the underlying obligations or 
loans. As of year-end 2023, the RWAs related to credit risk were EUR 6.8 billion. During 2023, there has 
been an increase of EUR 0.2 billion in risk weighted assets related to credit risk compared to 31 December 
2022, which was largely driven by an increase in client positions in the trading book and purchases of 
securities for investment purposes, offset by a reduction in committed undrawn facilities. Total RWAs 
increased to EUR 8.2 billion as at 31 December 2023 from EUR 8.1 billion as at 31 December 2022, 
reflecting these higher levels of credit risk.  
Any negative developments in the activities listed above may negatively impact NWM NV Group's clients 
and credit exposures, which may, in turn, adversely affect NWM NV Group's profitability.

--- Page 31 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 25 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
The credit quality of NWM NV Group's borrowers and other counterparties may be affected by global 
macroeconomic and political uncertainties and a further deterioration in prevailing economic and market 
conditions. These include factors relating to interest rates, changing asset prices, energy prices, supply chain 
disruption, changes to monetary and fiscal policy, armed conflicts, and changes in the legal and regulatory 
landscape in countries where NWM NV Group is exposed to credit risk (including the extent of the UK’s 
post-Brexit divergence from EU laws and regulation). Any further deterioration in these conditions or 
changes to legal or regulatory landscapes could worsen borrower and counterparty credit quality or impact 
the enforcement of contractual rights, increasing credit risk. 
NWM NV Group is exposed to the financial sector, including sovereign debt securities, financial institutions, 
financial intermediation providers (including providing facilities to financial sponsors and funds, backed by 
assets or investor commitments) and securitised products (typically senior lending to special purpose 
vehicles backed by pools of financial assets). 
Concerns about, or a default by, a financial institution or intermediary could lead to significant liquidity 
problems and losses or defaults by other financial institutions, since the commercial and financial soundness 
of many financial institutions and intermediaries is closely related and interdependent as a result of credit, 
trading, clearing and other relationships. Any perceived lack of creditworthiness of a counterparty or 
borrower may lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses for NWM NV Group. In addition, the value 
of collateral may be correlated with the probability of default by the relevant counterparty (‘wrong way 
risk’), which would increase NWM NV Group’s potential loss. This systemic risk may also adversely affect 
financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges 
with which NWM NV Group interacts on a regular basis. See also "NWM NV Group is reliant on access to 
the capital markets to meet its funding requirements. The inability to do so may adversely affect NWM NV 
Group", and "NWM NV Group may not meet the prudential regulatory requirements for liquidity and funding 
or may not be able to adequately access sources of liquidity and funding, which could trigger the execution 
of certain management actions or recovery options.". 
As a result, adverse changes in borrower and counterparty credit risk may cause additional impairment 
charges under IFRS 9, increased repurchase demands, higher costs, additional write-downs and losses for 
NWM NV Group and an inability to engage in routine funding transactions. NWM NV Group has applied 
an internal analysis of multiple economic scenarios (MES) together with the determination of specific 
overlay adjustments to inform its IFRS 9 ECL (Expected Credit Loss). The recognition and measurement of 
ECL is complex and involves the use of significant judgment and estimation. This includes the formulation 
and incorporation of multiple forward-looking economic scenarios into ECL to meet the measurement 
objective of IFRS 9. The ECL provision is sensitive to the model inputs and economic assumptions 
underlying the estimate. Going forward, NWM NV Group anticipates observable credit deterioration of a 
proportion of assets resulting in a systematic uplift in defaults, which is mitigated by those economic 
assumption scenarios being reflected in the Stage 2 ECL across portfolios, along with a combination of post 
model overlays in both wholesale and retail portfolios reflecting the uncertainty of credit outcomes. A credit 
deterioration would also lead to RWA increases. Furthermore, the assumptions and judgments used in the

--- Page 32 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 26 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
MES and ECL assessment at 31 December 2023 may not prove to be adequate resulting in incremental ECL 
provisions for the NWM NV Group.  
Due to NWM NV Group's exposure to the financial industry, it also has exposure to shadow banking entities 
(i.e., entities which carry out activities of a similar nature to banks without the same regulatory oversight). 
NWM NV Group is required to identify and monitor its exposure to shadow banking entities, implement and 
maintain an internal framework for the identification, management, control and mitigation of the risks 
associated with exposure to shadow banking entities, and/or ensure effective reporting and governance in 
respect of such exposure. If NWM NV Group is unable to properly identify and monitor its shadow banking 
exposure, maintain an adequate framework, or ensure effective reporting and governance in respect of 
shadow banking exposure.  
Any of the above may adversely affect NWM NV Group’s future results, financial condition, prospects, 
and/or reputation. 
NWM NV Group could incur losses or be required to maintain higher levels of capital as a result of 
limitations or failure of various models. 
Given the complexity of NWM NV Group's business, strategy and capital requirements, NWM NV Group 
relies on analytical and other models for a wide range of purposes, including to manage its business, assess 
the value of its assets and its risk exposure, as well as to anticipate capital and funding requirements 
(including to facilitate NatWest Group's mandated stress testing). In addition, NWM NV Group utilises 
models for valuations, credit approvals, calculation of loan impairment charges on an IFRS 9 basis, financial 
reporting and for financial crime (criminal activities in the form of money laundering, terrorist financing, 
bribery and corruption, tax evasion and sanctions) as well as external and internal fraud (collectively, 
"financial crime"). NWM NV Group's models, and the parameters and assumptions on which they are based, 
are periodically reviewed.   
As model outputs are imperfect representations of real-world phenomena or simplifications of complex real-
world systems and processes, and are based on a limited set of observations, model outputs therefore remain 
uncertain. NWM NV Group may face adverse consequences as a result of actions or decisions based on 
models that are poorly developed, incorrectly implemented, outdated or used inappropriately. This includes 
models that are based on inaccurate or non-representative data(for example, where there have been changes 
in the micro and macroeconomic environment in which NWM NV Group operates) or as a result of the 
modelled outcome being misunderstood, or by such information being used for purposes for which it was 
not designed. This could result in findings of deficiencies by NatWest Group's (and in particular, NWM 
Group's or NWM NV Group's) regulators (including as part of NatWest Group's mandated stress testing) and 
increased capital requirements, may render some business lines uneconomic, result in increased capital 
requirements, may require management action or may subject NWM NV Group to regulatory sanction which 
in turn may also have an adverse effect on NWM NV Group and its customers.

--- Page 33 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 27 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
Any of the above may have a material adverse effect on NWM Group’s future results, financial condition, 
prospects, and/or reputation. 
NWM NV Group's financial statements are sensitive to underlying accounting policies, judgments, 
estimates and assumptions. 
The preparation of financial statements requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions 
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income, expenses, exposures and RWAs. While 
estimates, judgments and assumptions take into account historical experience and other factors (including 
market practice and expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances), 
actual results may differ due to the inherent uncertainty in making estimates, judgments and assumptions 
(particularly those involving the use of complex models). Further, accounting policy and financial statement 
reporting requirements increasingly require management to adjust existing judgments, estimates and 
assumptions for the effects of climate-related, sustainability and other matters that are inherently uncertain 
and for which there is little historical experience which may affect the comparability of NWM NV Group’s 
future financial results with its historical results. Actual results may differ due to the inherent uncertainty in 
making climate-related and sustainability estimates, judgments and assumptions. 
Accounting policies deemed critical to NWM NV Group's results and financial position, based upon 
materiality and significant judgments and estimates, involve a high degree of uncertainty and may have a 
material impact on its results. For 2023, these include loan impairment provisions, fair value and deferred 
tax. These are set out in "Critical accounting policies" on page 71 of the 2023 Financial Statements (as 
defined below). 
Any of the above may have a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s future results, financial condition, 
prospects, and/or reputation. 
Changes in accounting standards may materially impact NWM NV Group's financial results. 
NWM NV Group prepares its consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS as issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. Changes in 
accounting standards or guidance by accounting bodies or in the timing of their implementation, whether 
immediate or foreseeable, could result in NWM NV Group having to recognise additional liabilities on its 
balance sheet, or in further write-downs or impairments to its assets and may also adversely affect NWM 
NV Group. 
NWM NV Group's trading assets amounted to EUR 5.472 billion as at 30 June 2024. The valuation of 
financial instruments, including derivatives, measured at fair value can be subjective, in particular where 
models are used which include unobservable inputs. Generally, to establish the fair value of these 
instruments, NWM NV Group relies on quoted market prices or, where the market for a financial instrument 
is not sufficiently credible, internal valuation models that utilise observable market data. In certain 
circumstances, the data for individual financial instruments or classes of financial instruments utilised by 
such valuation models may not be available or may become unavailable due to prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 34 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 28 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
In these circumstances, NWM NV Group's internal valuation models require NWM NV Group to make 
assumptions, judgments and estimates to establish fair value, which are complex and often relate to matters 
that are inherently uncertain. Any of these factors could require NWM NV Group to recognise fair value 
losses, which may adversely affect NWM NV Group's income generation and financial position.  
From time to time, the International Accounting Standards Board may issue new accounting standards or 
interpretations that could materially impact how NWM NV Group calculates, reports and discloses its 
financial results and financial condition, and which may affect NWM NV Group capital ratios, including the 
CET1 ratio. New accounting standards and interpretations that have been issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board but which have not yet been adopted by NWM NV Group are discussed in 
"Future accounting developments" on page 75 of the 2023 Financial Statements. 
Any of the above may have a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s future results, financial condition, 
prospects, and/or reputation. 
NatWest Group (including NWM NV) may become subject to the application of statutory stabilisation or 
resolution powers which may result in, for example, the write-down or conversion of certain Eligible 
Liabilities (including NWM NV's Eligible Liabilities).  
The BRRD establishes a common approach within the EU for the recovery and resolution of banks. In the 
UK and The Netherlands the BRRD has been implemented via national legislation which grants powers to 
a national resolution authority ("NRA"). In Europe (excluding the UK) the BRRD is also (partly) 
implemented by a directly binding regulation which established a Single Resolution Mechanism ("SRM") 
and SRB with powers which exceed the powers of the EU NRAs. 
United Kingdom – NatWest Group plc and its UK subsidiaries 
HM Treasury, the Bank of England, the UK Prudential Regulation Authority ("PRA") and the Financial 
Conduct Authority ("FCA") ("UK Authorities") are granted substantial powers to resolve and stabilise UK-
incorporated financial institutions.  
Five stabilisation options exist: (i) transfer of all of the business of a relevant entity or the shares of the 
relevant entity to a private sector purchaser, (ii) transfer of all or part of the business of the relevant entity to 
a 'bridge bank' wholly-owned by the Bank of England, (iii) transfer of part of the assets, rights or liabilities 
of the relevant entity to one or more asset management vehicles for management of the transferor's assets, 
rights or liabilities, (iv) the 'Bail-in Tool' consisting of the write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or 
suspension of the relevant entity's equity, capital instruments and liabilities ("Eligible Liabilities"), and (v) 
temporary public ownership of the relevant entity (options (i) to (v) above being referred to as the 
"Resolution Stabilisation Options"). These Resolution Stabilisation Options may be applied to a UK bank 
or investment firm and certain of its subsidiaries (which would include NatWest Group plc as the parent 
company and NWM Group as a subsidiary), where certain conditions are met (such as, whether the firm is 
failing or likely to fail, or whether it is reasonably likely that action will be taken (outside of resolution) that 
will result in the firm no longer failing or being likely to fail). Moreover, there are modified insolvency and

--- Page 35 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 29 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
administration procedures for relevant entities within NatWest Group, and the UK Authorities have the 
power to modify or override certain contractual arrangements in certain circumstances and amend the law 
for the purpose of enabling their powers to be used effectively and may apply promulgate provisions with 
retrospective applicability. Similar powers may also be exercised with respect to NWM NV in The 
Netherlands by the relevant Dutch regulatory authorities. 
Under the Banking Act 2009 (the "UK Banking Act"), the UK Authorities are generally required to have 
regard to specified objectives in exercising the powers provided for by the UK Banking Act. One of the 
objectives (which is required to be balanced as appropriate with the other specified objectives) refers to the 
protection and enhancement of the stability of the financial system of the UK. Moreover, the 'no creditor 
worse off' safeguard provides that where resolution action is taken, the Authorities are required to ensure 
that no creditor is in a worse position than if the bank had entered into normal insolvency proceedings. 
Although, this safeguard may not apply in relation to an application of the separate write-down and 
conversion power relating to capital instruments under the UK Banking Act, in circumstances where a 
stabilisation power is not also used, the UK Banking Act still requires the Authorities to respect the hierarchy 
on insolvency when using the write-down and conversion power. Further, holders of debt instruments which 
are subject to the power may, however, have ordinary shares transferred to or issued to them by way of 
compensation. 
Uncertainty exists as to how the UK Authorities may exercise their powers including the determination of 
actions undertaken in relation to the ordinary shares and other securities issued by NatWest Group plc (and 
certain of its affiliates) and which may depend on factors outside of NatWest Group plc's control. Moreover, 
the UK Banking Act provisions remain largely untested in practice, particularly in respect of resolutions of 
large financial institutions and groups. 
The Netherlands – NWM NV 
The BRRD and the SRM provide the SRB and DNB (the "NV Authorities", and together with the UK 
Authorities, the "Authorities") with substantial powers to resolve and stabilise financial institutions 
incorporated in The Netherlands. The NV Authorities are responsible for resolution in relation to RBSH and 
its subsidiaries (including NWM NV). As a result, the SRB assumes direct resolution responsibility for 
NWM NV Group, while DNB participates in the planning and execution of resolution measures in 
coordination with the SRB within the SRM framework. The NV Authorities have broad powers to implement 
resolution measures with respect to financial institutions incorporated in The Netherlands which meet the 
conditions for resolution, which may include (without limitation) measures analogous to the Resolution 
Stabilisation Options (options set out at points (i) to (v) above under the UK Banking Act). These powers 
and tools are designed to be used prior to the point at which any insolvency proceedings with respect to 
NWM NV could have been initiated.  
In addition to the resolution powers of the NV Authorities described above, the Dutch Minister of Finance 
may, with immediate effect, take measures or expropriate assets and liabilities of, claims against or securities 
issued by or with the consent of NWM NV, if in the Minister of Finance's opinion the stability of the financial

--- Page 36 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 30 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
system is in serious and immediate danger as a result of the situation in which the firm finds itself (the 
"Minister of Finance Powers"). 
There remains uncertainty regarding the ultimate nature and scope of these powers, and any exercise of the 
resolution regime powers by the NV Authorities or the Minister of Finance Powers may adversely affect 
holders of NWM NV's Eligible Liabilities that fall within the scope of such powers. 
If NatWest Group is at or is approaching the point such that regulatory intervention is required, there may 
correspondingly be a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group's future results, financial condition, 
prospects and/or reputation.  
NatWest Group is subject to Bank of England and PRA oversight in respect of resolution. NatWest Group, 
including NWM Group (and NWM NV Group), could be adversely affected should future Bank of 
England assessments deem NatWest Group's preparations to be inadequate. 
NatWest Group is subject to regulatory oversight by the Bank of England and the PRA, and is required (under 
the PRA rulebook) to carry out an assessment of its preparations for resolution, submit a report of the 
assessment to the PRA, and disclose a summary of this report. In June 2022, the Bank of England’s 
assessment of NatWest Group’s preparations did not identify any shortcomings, deficiencies or substantive 
impediments, but did highlight two areas as requiring further enhancements. NatWest Group (and NWM NV 
Group) could be adversely affected should future Bank of England assessments deem NatWest Group 
preparations to be inadequate.  
If any future Bank of England assessment identifies a significant gap in NatWest Group’s ability to achieve 
the resolvability outcomes, or reveals that NatWest Group is not adequately prepared to be resolved, or does 
not have adequate plans in place to meet resolvability requirements, NatWest Group may be required to take 
action to enhance its preparations to be resolvable, resulting in additional cost and the dedication of 
additional resources. These actions may have an impact on NatWest Group (and NWM NV Group) as, 
depending on the Bank of England’s assessment, potential action may include, but is not limited to, resulting 
in restrictions on maximum individual and aggregate exposures, a requirement to dispose of specified assets, 
a requirement to change legal or operational structure, a requirement to cease carrying out certain activities 
and/or to maintain a specified amount of MREL. This may also impact NatWest Group’s (and NWM NV 
Group’s) strategic plans and may lead to loss of investor confidence. Additionally, DNB and the SRB may 
exercise similar powers if the recovery and resolution plans of NWM NV Group are not satisfactory. 
Any of the above have a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s future results, financial condition, 
prospects, and/or reputation. 
4. Climate and sustainability-related risks 
NWM NV Group and its value chain face climate-related and sustainability-related risks that may 
adversely impact NWM NV Group.

--- Page 37 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 31 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
NWM NV Group and its value chain (including its investors, customers, counterparties (including its 
suppliers) and employees) may face financial and non-financial risks arising from sustainability-related risks, 
including climate-related risks. 
Climate and sustainability-related risks may: 
- 
adversely affect asset pricing and valuations of NWM NV Group’s own and other securities and, in turn, 
the wider financial system; 
- 
adversely affect economic activities directly (for example through lower corporate profitability or the 
devaluation of assets) or indirectly (for example through macro-financial changes); 
- 
adversely affect the viability or resilience of business models over the medium to longer term, 
particularly those business models most vulnerable to climate and sustainability-related risks; 
- 
trigger losses stemming directly or indirectly from liability risks, and/or reputational damage, including 
as a result of adverse media coverage, activists, the public, customers, counterparties (including 
suppliers) and/or investors associating NWM NV Group or its customers with adverse climate and 
sustainability-related issues; 
- 
adversely affect NWM NV Group’s ability to deliver on NatWest Group’s strategy, including 
contributing to achieve NatWest Group’s climate ambitions and targets; 
- 
exacerbate other risk categories to which NWM NV Group is exposed, including credit risk, operational 
risk (including business continuity), market risk (both traded and non- traded), liquidity and funding 
risk (for example, net cash outflows or depletion of liquidity buffers), reputational risk, pension risk, 
regulatory compliance risk and conduct risk; and 
- 
may have a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s reputation, future results, financial condition 
and/or prospects (including cash flows, access to finance or cost of capital over the short, medium or 
long term). 
Climate and sustainability matters are becoming increasingly political and polarised. Some customers, 
counterparties (including suppliers) and investors may decide not to do business with NWM NV Group 
because, according to their own assessment, NatWest Group’s (including NWM NV Group) strategy, 
ambitions and targets related to climate and sustainability do not meet their expectations, whereas others 
may decide not to do business with NWM NV Group for failing to progress NatWest Group’s climate and 
sustainability-related strategy, ambitions and targets or if they are of the view that they lack credibility. 
If NWM NV Group fails to identify, assess, prioritise, monitor and react appropriately to climate and 
sustainability-related risks, in a timely manner or at all, including climate and sustainability-related physical, 
transition and liability risks and opportunities, changing regulatory and market expectations and societal 
preferences that NWM NV Group, its customers, counterparties (including suppliers) face, this may have a

--- Page 38 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 32 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s business, future results, financial condition, prospects, 
reputation or the price of its securities. 
Climate-related risks may adversely affect the global financial system, NWM NV Group or its value chain. 
Climate-related risks represent a source of systemic risk in the global financial system. The financial impacts 
of climate-related risks are expected to be widespread and may disrupt the orderly functioning of financial 
markets and have an adverse effect on financial institutions, including NWM NV Group.  
There are significant uncertainties as to the location, extent and timing of the manifestation of the physical 
impacts of climate change, such as more severe and frequent extreme weather events (storms, flooding, 
subsidence, heat waves, droughts and wildfires), rising average global temperatures and sea levels, nature 
loss, declining food yields, destruction of critical infrastructure, supply chain disruption and resource 
scarcity. Damage to NWM NV Group customers’ and counterparties’ (including suppliers') properties and 
operations could disrupt business, result in the deterioration of the value of collateral or insurance shortfalls, 
impair asset values and negatively impact the creditworthiness of customers and their ability and/or 
willingness to pay fees, afford new products or repay their debts, leading to increased default rates, 
delinquencies, write-offs and impairment charges in NWM NV Group’s portfolios. In addition, NWM NV 
Group's premises and operations, or those of its critical outsourced functions may experience damage or 
disruption leading to increased costs and have a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s future results, 
financial condition, prospects and/or reputation.   
To meet the goals of the 2015 Paris Agreement, the EU's and The Netherlands' respective climate policies 
and the UK's Net Zero Strategy will require a net zero transition across all sectors of the economy and the 
markets in which NWM NV Group operates. The impacts of the extensive social, commercial, technological, 
policy and regulatory changes required to achieve this transition remain uncertain but are expected to be 
significant, subject to continuous changes and developments and may be disruptive across the global 
economy and markets, especially if these changes do not occur in an orderly or timely manner or are not 
effective in reducing emissions sufficiently in a timely manner, or at all. NWM NV Group’s business and 
customers in some sectors, including but not limited to residential mortgages, commercial real estate, 
agriculture (primary farming), automotive manufacturing, aviation, shipping, land transport and logistics 
(freight road, passenger rail and road), electricity generation and oil and gas are expected to be particularly 
impacted. The timing and pace of the net zero transition is also uncertain, will depend on many factors and 
uncertainties and may be near term, gradual and orderly, or delayed, rapid and disorderly, or a combination 
of these. 
Climate-related risks may exacerbate the impact of financial and non-financial risks and they may have a 
material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s future results, financial condition, prospects, and/or reputation, 
including as a result of financial losses caused directly or indirectly by climate-related litigation and conduct 
matters (referred to as ‘liability risk’). See also, “NWM NV Group may be subject to potential climate and 
other sustainability-related litigation, enforcement proceedings, investigations and conduct risk.”.

--- Page 39 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 33 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
NWM NV Group and its value chain may, face other sustainability-related risks that may adversely affect 
NWM NV Group. 
NWM NV Group and its value chain (including its investors, customers and counterparties (including its 
suppliers) and employees) may face financial and non-financial risks arising from broader (i.e. non-climate 
related) sustainability issues. These include: (i) risks relating to nature loss (such as the loss and/or decline 
of the state of nature including but not limited to, the reduction of any aspect of biological diversity and other 
forms of environmental degradation, such as air, water and land pollution, soil quality degradation and water 
stress); (ii) risks related to societal (including human rights) matters, for example climate change and 
environmental degradation negatively impacting people’s standard of living and health, geopolitical tensions 
and conflict endangering people’s lives and security, the displacement of communities, the violation of 
indigenous people’s rights, unjust working conditions and labour rights breaches (including discrimination, 
lack of diversity and inclusion, inequality, gender/ethnicity pay gap and payments under the minimum wage), 
modern slavery, financial crime, data privacy breaches and lack of support for the vulnerable; and (iii) 
governance related risks (including board diversity, ethics, executive compensation and management 
structure). 
NWM NV Group is directly and indirectly exposed to multiple types of nature-related risks through the 
breadth of its activities, products and services offering, including through the risk of default by customers 
whose businesses are exposed to nature-related risks. In 2021, NatWest Group (including NWM NV Group) 
classified ‘Biodiversity and Nature Loss’ as a formal emerging risk for NatWest Group within its Risk 
Management Framework, recognising the potential threats from nature-related risks. These include, but are 
not limited to, biodiversity loss, water scarcity and deforestation. It is recognised that these have potential to 
cause or stress other financial and non-financial risks, including climate risk.  
Furthermore, as NatWest Group (including NWM NV Group) progresses on its Climate Transition Plan, 
NatWest Group (including NWM NV Group) aims to work towards enhancing processes and capabilities to 
include assessments of nature-related risks and opportunities within governance, risk management and 
stakeholder engagement practices. During 2023, NatWest Group (including NWM NV Group) expanded the 
scope of climate risk within its NatWest Group Enterprise-wide risk management framework. From January 
2024, NatWest Group (including NWM NV Group) has expanded its key risk definition from climate risk to 
climate and nature risk and updated its climate risk policy to reflect emerging nature-related risks and to 
capture requirements that go beyond climate risk. Recognising the need for a proportionate and progressive 
business response, a multi-year implementation approach is envisaged, similar to that undertaken for climate 
risk. 
NatWest Group (including NWM NV Group) supports the aims of the Task Force on Nature Related 
Financial Disclosure and continues to enhance its reporting and measurement capabilities, acknowledging 
challenges associated with data availability, while continuing to review evolving disclosure standards and 
framework. NatWest Group’s (including NWM NV Group) approach is to integrate nature its existing

--- Page 40 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 34 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
strategy on climate, recognising there is still, much to do in understanding its impacts and dependencies on 
nature as well as our nature-related risks and opportunities.  
There is also increased scrutiny from NWM NV Group’s investors, customers, counterparties (including its 
suppliers), employees, communities, regulators, the media and other stakeholders on how NWM NV Group 
addresses societal and governance related matters, including unjust working conditions and labour rights 
breaches, resilience in the workplace, safety and wellbeing, data protection and management, workforce 
management, human rights and value chain management. For example, NatWest Group’s (including NWM 
NV Group) ambition is to support decarbonisation while promoting energy security, may lead to continued 
exposure to carbon-intensive activities and sectors regarded as posing high climate and nature-related and 
societal (including human rights) risks, (such as the textiles, agriculture and mining sectors) each of which 
may impact NWM NV Group’s employees, customers, counterparties (including suppliers) and stakeholders 
and their business activities and/or the communities in which they operate and, in turn, result in reputational 
risk for NWM NV Group. 
There is also growing expectation of the need for ‘just transition’ and ‘energy justice’ –in recognition that 
the transition to net zero should happen in a way that is as fair and inclusive as possible to everyone 
concerned. Although NatWest Group (including NWM NV Group) continues to evaluate and assess how it 
integrates ‘just transition’ considerations into its climate and sustainability strategy, a failure (or perception 
of failure) by NatWest Group (including NWM NV Group) to sufficiently factor these considerations into 
existing products and service offerings may adversely affect. NatWest Group, including NWM NV Group’s 
reputation. 
In 2023, NatWest Group (including NWM NV Group) published its initial assessment of its ‘salient human 
rights issues’. Human rights saliency assessments are high-level scoping exercises based on internal and 
external stakeholder engagement and involve subjective materiality and other judgments including as to 
severity and likelihood of human rights impacts. Failure by NatWest Group (including NWM NV Group) to 
identify, assess, prioritise and monitor any actual or potential adverse human rights issues that NatWest 
Group (including NWM NV Group) contributes to, or is directly linked to, may adversely impact people and 
communities, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s future results, financial 
condition, prospects and/or reputation. 
Sustainability-related risks may have the potential to cause or stress other financial and non-financial risks, 
including climate-related risks, and they may have a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s future 
results, financial condition, prospects and/or reputation, including as a result of financial losses caused 
directly or indirectly by sustainability-related litigation and conduct matters (referred to as ‘liability risk’). 
See also, “NWM NV Group may be subject to potential climate and other sustainability-related litigation, 
enforcement proceedings, investigations and conduct risk.”. 
NatWest Group’s climate change related strategy, ambitions, targets and transition plan entail significant 
execution and/or reputational risks and are unlikely to be achieved without significant and timely 
government policy, technology and customer behavioural changes.

--- Page 41 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 35 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
NatWest Group has an ambition to become a leading bank in the UK, helping to address the climate 
challenge. At NatWest Group’s Annual General Meeting in April 2022, ordinary shareholders passed an 
advisory ‘Say on Climate’ resolution endorsing NatWest Group’s previously announced strategic direction 
on climate change, including its ambitions to at least halve the climate impact of its financing activity by 
2030, achieve alignment with the 2015 Paris Agreement and reach net zero across its financed emissions, 
assets under management and operational value chain by 2050. Further, in December 2022, NatWest Group 
published its science-based targets validated by Science Based Target Initiative for 79 per cent. of its lending 
book as at 31 December 2019 and 57 per cent of debt securities and equity shares, excluding sovereign debt 
securities. 
NatWest Group has also announced and in the future it may also announce other climate ambitions, targets 
and initiatives which support its aim to help addressing the climate challenge. 
Making the changes necessary to contribute to achieving NatWest Group’s strategic direction on climate 
change, including contributing to achieve NatWest Group’s climate ambitions and targets and contributing 
to execute NatWest Group’s transition plan, together with the active management of climate and 
sustainability-related risks and other regulatory, policy and market changes, is likely to necessitate material 
changes to NWM NV Group’s business, operating model, its existing exposures and the products and 
services NWM NV Group provides to its customers (potentially on accelerated timescales). NWM NV Group 
may be required to (i) significantly reduce its financed emissions and its exposure to customers that do not 
align with a transition to net zero or do not have a credible transition plan in place and (ii) divest or 
discontinue certain activities for regulatory or legal reasons or in response to the transition to a less carbon-
dependent economy. Increases in lending and financing activities may wholly or partially offset some or all 
these reductions, which may increase the extent of changes and reductions necessary.  
Making the necessary changes (or not making the necessary changes in a timely manner, or at all) may have 
a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s business and operations, financial condition, prospects and 
competitive position and NWM NV Group’s ability to contribute to achieving NatWest Group’s climate and 
financial ambitions and targets, take advantage of climate change-related opportunities and generate 
sustainable returns. 
NWM NV Group’s ability to contribute to achieving NatWest Group’s strategy, including contributing to 
achieve NatWest Group’s climate ambitions and targets, will significantly depend on many factors and 
uncertainties beyond NWM NV Group’s control. These include: (i) the extent and pace of climate change, 
including the timing and manifestation of physical and transition risks; (ii) the macroeconomic environment; 
(iii) the effectiveness of actions of governments, legislators, regulators and businesses; (iv) the response of 
the wider society, investors, customers, suppliers and other stakeholders to mitigate the impact of climate 
and sustainability-related risks; (v) changes in customer behaviour and demand; (vi) appetite for new 
markets, credit appetite, concentration risk appetite, lending and underwriting opportunities; (vii) 
developments in the available technology; (viii) the roll-out of low carbon infrastructure; and (ix) the 
availability of accurate, verifiable, reliable, auditable, consistent and comparable data. These external factors

--- Page 42 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 36 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
and other uncertainties will make it challenging for NWM NV Group to contribute to achieving NatWest 
Group’s climate ambitions and targets and there is a significant risk that all or some of these ambitions and 
targets will not be achieved or not achieved within the intended timescales. 
NWM NV Group’s ability to contribute to achieving NatWest Group’s climate ambitions and targets depends 
to a significant extent on the timely implementation and integration of appropriate government policies. The 
UK Committee on Climate Change June 2023 Progress Report to the UK Parliament states that the rate of 
emissions reduction will need to significantly increase for the UK to meet its 2030 commitments and 
continued delays in policy development and implementation mean achievement is increasingly challenging. 
On 20 September 2023, the UK Government announced its revised plans on reducing emissions to reach net 
zero, including (i) delaying the proposed ban on the sale of petrol and diesel cars to 2035; (ii) not proceeding 
with new policies forcing landlords to upgrade the energy efficiency of their properties; and (iii) delaying 
the ban on new fossil fuel boilers for certain households. Accordingly, NatWest Group (including NWM NV 
Group) considers achievement of the following ambitions increasingly challenging (i) 50 per cent of NatWest 
Group’s mortgage portfolio to have an Energy Performance Certificate rating of C or above by 2030; and 
(ii) to at least halve the climate impact of NatWest Group’s financing activity by 2030, against a 2019 
baseline. 
NatWest Group (including NWM NV Group) has also stated that it plans to phase-out coal for UK and non-
UK customers who have UK coal production, coal fired generation and coal related infrastructure by 1 
October 2024, with a full global phase-out by 1 January 2030. Data challenges, particularly the lack of 
granular customer information, creates challenges in identifying customers with ‘coal related infrastructure’ 
(e.g. transportation and storage) and other customers with ‘coal-related operations’ within NatWest Group’s 
(including NWM NV Group) large and diversified customer portfolios. Therefore, there is a risk that some 
customers with UK-based coal activities may not have been identified and that NatWest Group (including 
NWM NV Group) will not be able to identify all relevant activities to achieve these coal phase-out plans. 
Any delay or failure by NWM NV Group in contributing to setting, making progress against or meeting 
NatWest Group’s climate-related ambitions, targets and plans may have a material adverse effect on NWM 
NV Group future results, financial condition, prospects and/or reputation and may increase the climate and 
sustainability-related risks NWM NV Group faces. 
There are significant limitations related to accessing accurate, reliable, verifiable, auditable, consistent 
and comparable climate and other sustainability-related data that contribute to substantial uncertainties 
in accurately modelling and reporting on climate and sustainability information, as well as making 
appropriate important internal decisions.  
Meaningful reporting of climate and sustainability-related risks and opportunities and their potential impacts 
and related metrics depends on access to accurate, reliable, verifiable, auditable, consistent and comparable 
climate and sustainability-related data from counterparties (including suppliers) or customers. Data may not 
be generally available or, if available, may not be accurate, reliable, consistent, or comparable. Any failure 
of NWM NV Group to proportionately collect or develop accurate, reliable, verifiable, auditable, consistent

--- Page 43 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 37 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
and comparable counterparty (including supplier) and customer data, may adversely affect NWM NV 
Group’s ability to prepare meaningful reporting which is relevant, represented in an accurate, verifiable, 
comparable and understandable way of the climate and sustainability-related risks and opportunities, which 
may adversely affect NWM NV Group’s ability to meet external disclosure obligations and its reputation, 
business and its competitive position.   
In the absence of other sources, reporting of financed emissions, facilitated emissions and other sustainability 
data by financial institutions, including NWM NV Group, is necessarily based on aggregated information 
developed by third parties that may be prepared in an inconsistent way using different methodologies, 
interpretations, or assumptions. NWM NV Group’s climate and sustainability-related disclosures use a 
greater number and level of assumptions, judgments and estimates than many of its financial disclosures. 
These assumptions, judgments and estimates are highly likely to change materially over time, and, when 
coupled with the longer timeframes used in these climate and sustainability-related disclosures, make any 
assessment of materiality inherently uncertain.   
In particular, in the absence of actual emissions monitoring and measurement, emissions estimates are based 
on sector and other assumptions that may not be accurate for a given counterparty (including supplier) or 
customer. There may also be data gaps that are filled using proxy data, such as sectoral averages or use of 
emissions estimated by a third party, again developed in a variety of ways and in some cases not in a timely 
manner causing data to be potentially outdated at the time when they are used.  
Significant risks, uncertainties and variables are inherent in the assessment, measurement and mitigation of 
climate and sustainability-related risks. These include data quality gaps and limitations mentioned above, as 
well as the pace at which climate science, greenhouse gas accounting standards and various emissions 
reduction solutions develop. 
In addition, there is significant uncertainty about how climate change and the world’s transition to a net zero 
economy will unfold over time and how and when climate and sustainability-related risks will manifest. 
These timeframes are considerably longer than NWM NV Group’s historical and current strategic, financial, 
resilience and investment planning horizons. 
As a result, NWM NV Group’s climate and sustainability-related disclosures may be amended, updated or 
restated in the future as the quality and completeness of NWM NV Group’s data and methodologies continue 
to improve. These data quality challenges, gaps and limitations may have a material impact on NWM NV 
Group’s ability to make effective business decisions about climate and sustainability-related risks and 
opportunities, including risk management decisions, to comply with disclosure requirements and to monitor 
and report progress in meeting ambitions, targets and pathways.    
Climate-related risks are challenging to model due to their forward-looking nature, the lack of and/or quality 
of historical testing capabilities, lack of accuracy standardisation and incompleteness of emissions and other 
climate and sub-sector related data and the immature nature of risk measurement and modelling

--- Page 44 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 38 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
methodologies. As a result, it is very difficult to predict and model the impact of climate-related risks into 
precise financial and economic outcomes.  
The evaluation of climate-related risk exposure and the development of associated potential risk mitigation 
techniques largely depend on the choice of climate scenario modelling methodology and the assumptions 
made which involves a number of risks and uncertainties, for example:   
• 
climate scenarios are not predictions of what is likely to happen or what NWM NV Group would 
like to happen, rather they explore the possible implications of different judgments and assumptions 
by considering a series of scenarios; 
• 
climate scenarios do not provide a comprehensive description of all possible future outcomes; 
• 
lack of specialist expertise in NWM NV Group that needs to rely on third party advice, modelling, 
and data which is also subject to many limitations and uncertainties; 
• 
immaturity of modelling of and data on climate-related risks on financial assets which will 
presumably evolve rapidly in the coming years; 
• 
the number of variables and the forward-looking nature of climate scenarios which makes them 
challenging to back test and benchmark; 
• 
the significant uncertainty as to how the climate will evolve over time, how and when governments, 
regulators, businesses, investors and customers respond and how those responses impact the 
economy, asset valuations, land systems, energy systems, technology, policy and wider society; 
• 
the assumptions will continue to evolve with more data/information which may affect the baselines 
for comparability across reporting periods and impact internal and external verification processes; 
and 
• 
the pace of the development of the methodologies across different sectors may be different and 
therefore it may be challenging to report on the whole balance sheet with regard to financed 
emissions.  
The calculation method for facilitated emissions in respect of capital markets activities is still in the process 
of developing and to date there is no unified industry approach. Therefore, measuring, monitoring and 
reporting on facilitated emissions will present similar data and modelling challenges as described above for 
on balance sheet financed emissions. 
Accordingly, these risks and uncertainties coupled with significantly long timeframes make the outputs of 
climate-related targets risk modelling (including emission reduction targets) and pathways, inherently more 
uncertain than outputs modelled for traditional financial planning cycles based on historical financial 
information. Furthermore, there is a lack of scientific, industry and regulatory consensus regarding the 
appropriate metrics, methodologies, modelling and standardised reporting to enable the assessment of the

--- Page 45 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 39 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
location, acuteness and severity of climate-related risks and the monitoring and mitigation of these risks in 
the economy and financial system. There is increasing industry concern (acknowledged by the Network for 
Greening the Financial System) that model scenarios, including those provided by central banks and 
supervisory bodies and are too benign and may not adequately capture: (i) the financial implications of 
increasing frequency and severity of acute physical risks as global temperatures increase; (ii) second and 
third order impacts such as disruptions to supply chains and increased geo-political risks; nor (iii) possible 
‘tipping points’ that could lead to large, irreversible changes in the climate system (for example the melting 
of permafrost or the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets). 
Capabilities within NWM NV Group to appropriately assess, model, report and manage climate related risks 
and impacts and the suitability of the assumptions required to model and manage climate-related risks 
appropriately continue to develop. However, such development is still in its early stages. Even when those 
capabilities are appropriately developed, the high level of uncertainty regarding any assumptions modelled, 
the highly subjective nature of risk measurement and mitigation techniques, incorrect or inadequate 
assumptions and judgments and data quality gaps and limitations may lead to inadequate risk management 
information and frameworks, or ineffective business adaptation or mitigation strategies or regulatory non-
compliance all of which may have a material adverse effect, which may adversely affect NWM NV Group’s 
business, future results, financial condition, prospects, reputation and the price of its securities. 
Failure to implement effective governance, procedures, systems and controls in compliance with legal 
regulatory requirements and societal expectations to manage climate and sustainability-related risks and 
opportunities could adversely affect NWM NV Group. 
The UK's prudential regulation of climate-related risk management is an important driver in how NatWest 
Group (including NWM NV Group) develops its associated risk framework for financing activities or 
engaging with counterparties (including suppliers).  
NWM NV Group is subject to regulatory developments in The Netherlands and the wider European Union.  
In 2020, the ECB published its ‘Guide on climate-related and environmental risks’ which laid down the 
ECB's expectations for each supervised entity in relation to climate-related and environmental risks (the 
"ECB Guide").  
In April 2023, the ECB published "The importance of being transparent - A review of climate-related and 
environmental risks disclosures practices and trends", in which it assessed the state of adherence to the ECB 
Guide by institutions and shared best practices. On 23 January 2024, the ECB published the report "Risks 
from misalignment of banks" financing with the EU climate objectives’ focusing on the transition risks 
stemming from banks’ credit portfolios.  
The ECB expects institutions to have met its supervisory expectations for climate and environmental risks 
in governance, strategy and risk management (including on capital adequacy and stress testing) by the end 
of 2024 and has set various intervening deadlines before the end of 2024. The ECB has expressed its

--- Page 46 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 40 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
readiness to enforce the abovementioned deadline with all the instruments at its disposal, including imposing 
periodic penalty payments or bank-specific capital add-ons.  
In June 2021, the European Banking Authority ("EBA") published its ‘Report on Environmental, Social and 
Governance risk management and supervision’ in which it highlighted the prudential view and expectations 
regarding financial institutions’ management of ESG risks as part of their strategy, governance, risk 
management and reporting practices. 
In January 2022, the EBA published its final draft implementing technical standards on Pillar 3 disclosures 
on ESG risks which from 28 June 2022 apply to large institutions that have securities traded on a regulated 
market of an EU member state (including NWM NV Group) and require them to disclose information on 
their exposure to ESG-related risks and the actions they take to mitigate those risks, as well as metrics 
including their Green Asset Ratio (to be disclosed for the financial year ending 2023) and the Banking Book 
Taxonomy Alignment Ratio (to be disclosed for the financial year ending 2024). Between 18 January 2024 
and 18 April 2024, the EBA held a public consultation on draft guidelines on the management of ESG risks, 
which set out requirements for institutions for the identification, measurement, management and monitoring 
of ESG risks, including through plans aimed at addressing the risks arising from the transition towards an 
EU climate-neutral economy. 
In March 2023, the DNB published its ‘Guide to managing climate and environmental risks’ which provided 
financial undertakings with focal points and best practices for financial institutions in The Netherlands for 
managing climate-related and environmental risks, including considerations for integrated risk management 
in areas such as business models, strategies, governance, risk management and information dissemination. 
In June 2020, the AFM published its position paper on sustainability. In this position paper the AFM 
described what it expected from market parties when it comes to sustainability and how the AFM would be 
supervising this. The AFM confirmed, amongst others, that: 
- 
a sustainable economy and society are a supervisory priority of the AFM and is increasingly becoming 
an integral part of its supervision strategy; and 
- 
it expects market participants to integrate sustainability aspects in a responsible and careful manner in 
their financial products and services. In the UK, the Bank of England’s Supervisory Statement 3/19 on 
the management of climate-related financial risks, covering governance, risk management, scenario 
analysis and disclosure which sets out expectations that firms, such as NatWest Group (including NWM 
NV Group), take a strategic approach to managing climate-related financial risks, identifying current 
risks and those that can plausibly arise in the future, and appropriate actions to mitigate those risks. In 
March 2023, the Bank of England published a report setting out its latest thinking on climate-related 
risks and regulatory capital frameworks. It found there to be uncertainty over whether banks are 
sufficiently capitalised for future climate-related losses and it stated that it will undertake further analysis 
to explore whether changes to the regulatory capital frameworks may be required.

--- Page 47 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 41 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
Any failure of NatWest group (including NWM NV Group) to fully and timely embed climate and other 
sustainability-related risks into its management practices and framework to appropriately identify, assess, 
prioritise and monitor the various climate-related physical and transition risks and other sustainability-related 
risks and apply the appropriate product governance process in line with applicable legal and regulatory 
requirements and expectations, may adversely affect NWM NV Group’s regulatory compliance, prudential 
capital requirements, liquidity position and this may have a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s 
business, future results, financial condition, prospects, reputation or the price of its securities. 
Increasing levels of climate and other sustainability-related laws, regulation and oversight may adversely 
affect NWM NV Group.  
NatWest Group as well as its subsidiaries in the UK, the EU and elsewhere are increasingly becoming subject 
to more extensive climate and sustainability-related legal and regulatory requirements. 
In the UK, these include mandatory requirements by the FCA and under the Companies Act 2006 to make 
climate-related disclosures consistent with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate related 
Financial Disclosures. In addition, in August 2023, the FCA set out its intention to consult in 2024 on rules 
and guidance for listed companies to disclose in line with the UK-endorsed ISSB standards and the Transition 
Plan Taskforce Disclosure Framework published in October 2023 as a complementary package. Further 
regulatory requirements may emerge as part of the developing UK sustainability-related disclosure 
requirements. 
NWM NV Group is and in the future may be subject to EU and climate and sustainability laws and 
regulations, such as the EU Taxonomy, the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive, the EU Green 
Bond Standard, the proposed EU Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive and other legal, 
regulatory and supervisory expectations relating to climate-related and environmental risk management and 
disclosure. The Notes are not 'green', 'social' or 'sustainable' bonds and are not being marketed as such and 
no assurance is or can be provided to potential investors that any Notes will ever constitute or become eligible 
to carry the designation of a European green note. The Issuer intends to use the net proceeds of the Notes for 
general corporate purposes. Therefore, the Issuer does not intend to allocate the net proceeds of the Notes 
specifically to projects or business activities meeting environmental or sustainability criteria, or to be subject 
to any other limitations associated with green, social or sustainable bonds. The exact set of applicable rules 
can however not be predicted, as this is subject to many ongoing developments and it will also depend on 
whether and when the Issuer will issue green bonds in the future. Also, the ECB, AFM, and DNB are 
increasingly focused on climate change and sustainability and have announced good practices and 
supervisory expectations relating to these topics. As a result, an increasing number of laws, regulations and 
legislative actions, including proposals, guidance, policy and regulatory initiatives many of which have been 
introduced or amended recently and are subject to further changes, is likely to affect the financial sector and 
the wider economy. A failure of NWM NV Group to comply with these regulations, whether through 
insufficient resources, expertise, support, customer and counterparty data challenges or otherwise may have

--- Page 48 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 42 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
an adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s reputation and the successful contribution to the implementation of 
NatWest Group’s strategy. 
In some jurisdictions, particularly the United States, regulatory and enforcement activity around climate and 
sustainability initiatives is becoming increasingly politicised. This has resulted in a polarisation between 
promoting more extensive climate and sustainability-related requirements, such as the proposed SEC climate 
disclosure rules, and challenging climate and sustainability-related initiatives on the basis of allegations that 
they could breach applicable laws. 
Divergence between UK, EU, United States ("US"), Dutch and other climate and sustainability-related legal 
and regulatory requirements and their interpretation may increase the cost of doing business (including 
increased operating costs), may result in contentious regulatory and litigation risk, may require changes to 
NWM NV Group’s business and may restrict NWM NV Group’s access to the EU/EEA and US capital 
markets. Failure to comply with these divergent legal and regulatory requirements which are applicable to 
NWM NV Group may result in NWM NV Group and its subsidiaries not meeting applicable regulatory 
requirements or investors’ expectations. Compliance with these complex and evolving climate and 
sustainability-related legal and regulatory requirements and voluntary standards and initiatives is likely to 
require NWM NV Group to implement significant changes to its business models, IT systems, products, 
governance, internal controls over financial reporting, disclosure controls and procedures, modelling 
capability and risk management systems, which may increase the cost of doing business, result in higher 
capital requirements, and entail additional change risk and increased compliance, regulatory sanctions, 
conduct and litigation (including settlements) costs. 
Failure to implement and comply with these requirements standards and initiatives may also result in 
investigations and/or regulatory sanctions, reputational damage and investor disapproval each of which may 
have a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s future results, financial condition, prospects and/or 
reputation.  
Increasing regulation of “greenwashing” is likely to increase the risk of regulatory enforcement and 
investigation and litigation. 
Misrepresenting or over-emphasising the extent to which an investment or other type of product takes into 
account ‘green’, ‘environmentally friendly’, ‘sustainable’ or ‘ethical’ features and concerns, using 
misleading labels and language in relation to such products and/or omitting material information about NWM 
NV Group’s contribution to the climate crisis (including its direct or indirect contribution to greenhouse gas 
emissions), or other sustainability-related issues, could potentially result in complaints, regulatory 
investigation and/or sanction, claims and/or litigation and reputational damage. This risk is likely to increase 
as the UK and other jurisdictions implement and enforce new anti- greenwashing regulations. For example, 
the FCA’s Sustainability Disclosure Requirements and investment labels policy statement (PS 23/16) 
published in November 2023 includes a general anti- greenwashing rule that requires regulated firms to 
ensure that sustainability claims in financial promotions of their products and services are consistent with 
the sustainability characteristics of the product or service and are fair, clear and not misleading. In April

--- Page 49 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 43 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
2024, the FCA published the guidance as to how regulated firms should comply with its anti-greenwashing 
rule including the requirements for sustainability claims that became effective on 31 May 2024. 
In the EU, the European Commission has proposed a Green Claims Directive which will address false 
environmental claims and the proliferation of environmental labels by requiring certain claims to be 
substantiated with scientific evidence and independently verified. In June 2023, the European Supervisory 
Authorities (the EBA, the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority and the European 
Securities and Markets Authority) published their Progress Reports on Greenwashing in the financial sector, 
in which they set out a common high-level understanding of greenwashing applicable to market participants 
across their respective remits (banking, insurance and pensions and financial markets). In The Netherlands, 
in October 2023, the AFM published its Guidelines on Sustainability Claims in which it provided tools to 
financial institutions and pension providers on how to make correct, clear and non-misleading sustainability 
claims. 
NatWest Group (including NWM NV Group) plans to invest in voluntary carbon credits to mitigate 
emissions beyond its own value chain whilst transitioning towards a state of net zero emissions by 2050. 
NatWest Group (including NWM NV Group) may also be involved in trading voluntary carbon credits with 
its clients, or facilitating clients to trade these credits. Financial market and platform regulators are 
increasingly taking an interest in the voluntary carbon market and voluntary carbon credits retired, sold or 
traded by financial institutions or used by them as part of their own emissions reduction plans. NWM NV 
Group could potentially be exposed to financial, litigation, regulatory enforcement and reputational risk 
where it retires, facilitates or is otherwise associated with voluntary carbon credit transactions or use 
(including use to offset own emissions). This includes where voluntary carbon credits are not of sufficient 
quality, potential issues or risks with respect to such carbon credits (or projects through which they are 
generated) are not adequately disclosed or stated benefits are exaggerated or misleading and/or such carbon 
credits are used either by NWM NV Group or by a third party organisation (such as a customer) as a substitute 
for achieving appropriate emissions reductions in their own operations. 
Any failure of NWM NV Group to implement robust and effective climate and sustainability-related 
disclosure, communications and product governance policies, procedures and controls to make accurate 
public statements and claims about how environmentally friendly, sustainable or ethical NWM NV Group’s 
products and services are and to apply these in line with applicable legal and regulatory requirements and 
expectations, may adversely affect NWM NV Group’s regulatory compliance and/or reputation and could 
give rise to increased regulatory enforcement, investigation and litigation. 
NWM NV Group may be subject to potential climate and other sustainability-related litigation, 
enforcement proceedings, investigations and conduct risk. 
Due to increasing new climate and sustainability-related jurisprudence, laws and regulations in the UK and 
other jurisdictions, growing demand from investors and customers for environmentally sustainable products 
and services, and regulatory scrutiny, financial institutions, including NWM NV Group, may through their 
business activities face increasing litigation, conduct, enforcement and contract liability risks related to

--- Page 50 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 44 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
climate change, nature-related degradation, human rights violations and other social, governance and 
sustainability-related issues.  
These risks may arise, for example, from claims pertaining to:  
• 
failure to meet obligations, targets or commitments relating to, or to disclose accurately, or provide 
updates on material climate and/or sustainability-related risks, or otherwise provide appropriate, 
balanced, clear, complete, correct, fair, meaningful, understandable disclosure (which is capable of 
being substantiated) to investors, customers, counterparties (including suppliers) and other 
stakeholders;  
• 
conduct, mis-selling and customer protection claims, including claims which may relate to alleged 
insufficient product understanding, unsuitable product offering and /or reliance upon information 
provided by NWM NV Group or claims alleging unfair pricing of climate-related products, for 
example in relation to products where limited liquidity or reliable market data exists for 
benchmarking purposes or which may be impacted by future climate policy uncertainty or other 
factors;  
• 
marketing that portrays products, securities, activities or policies as having positive climate, nature-
related or sustainable outcomes to an extent that may not be the case, or may not adequately be 
qualified and/or omits material information about NWM NV Group’s contribution to the climate 
crisis and/or its direct/ indirect contribution to greenhouse gas emissions or other sustainability-
related issues;  
• 
damages claims under various tort theories, including common law public nuisance claims, or 
negligent mismanagement of physical and/or transition risks;  
• 
alleged violations of officers’, directors’ and other fiduciaries’ duties, for example by financing 
various carbon-intensive, environmentally harmful or otherwise highly exposed assets, companies, 
and industries;  
• 
changes in the understanding of what constitutes positive climate, nature-related or sustainable 
outcomes as a result of developing climate science, leading to discrepancy between current product 
offerings and investor and/or market and/or broader stakeholder expectations;  
• 
any weaknesses or failures in specific systems or processes associated particularly with climate, 
nature-related or sustainability linked products, and/or human rights due diligence, including any 
failure in the timely implementation, onboarding and/or updating of such systems or processes;  
• 
counterparties, collaborators, customers to whom NWM NV Group provides services and third 
parties in NWM NV Group’s value chain who act, or fail to act, or undertake due diligence, or apply 
appropriate risk management and product governance in a manner that may adversely affect NWM 
NV Group's reputation or sustainability credentials; or

--- Page 51 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 45 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
NWM NV Group’s or its customers’, counterparties’ (including suppliers’) involvement in, or 
decision not to participate in, certain industries or projects associated with causing or exacerbating 
climate change and nature-related degradation. 
Furthermore, there is a risk that shareholders, campaign groups, customers and special interest groups could 
seek to take legal action against NWM NV Group for financing or contributing to climate change, nature-
related degradation and human rights violations and for not supporting the principles of ‘just transition’ (i.e. 
maximising the social benefits of the transition, mitigating the social risks of the transition, empowering 
those affected by the change, anticipating future shifts to address issues up front and mobilising investments 
from the public and private sectors). 
There is an increase in the number of legal, conduct and regulatory claims, as well as an increase in the 
variety of legal bases being alleged, remedies sought and amount of damages awarded in legal, conduct and 
regulatory proceedings, investigations, administrative actions and other adversarial proceedings against 
financial institutions for climate and sustainability matters. There is a risk that as climate, nature-related and 
environmental science develop and societal understanding of these issues increases and deepens, courts, 
regulators and enforcement authorities may apply the then current understandings of climate and the broader 
sustainability-related matters retrospectively when assessing claims about historical conduct or dealings of 
financial institutions, including NWM NV Group. 
There is also an increase in enforcement and litigation focusing on challenging public and private sector 
sustainability policies and initiatives intended to address climate change and nature-related degradation. See 
also "NWM NV Group and NWM Plc are exposed to the risk of various litigation matters, regulatory and 
governmental actions and investigations as well as remedial undertakings, the outcomes of which are 
inherently difficult to predict, and which could have an adverse effect on NWM NV Group". In addition, 
supervisors and regulators are increasing their enforcement focus on climate and environmental matters. For 
example, the ECB has stated that enforcement measures in the form of periodic penalty payments may be 
imposed on banks that do not fully align with ECB supervisory expectations of sound practices for managing 
climate and environmental risks. These potential litigation, conduct, enforcement and contract liability risks 
may have a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s ability to contribute to achieving NatWest Group's 
strategy, including NatWest Group's climate ambition and targets, and this may have a material adverse effect 
NWM NV Group’s future results, financial condition, prospects, and/or reputation. 
A reduction in the environmental, social and corporate governance (ESG) ratings of NatWest Group 
(including NWM NV Group) or NWM NV Group could have a negative impact on NatWest Group’s 
(including NWM NV Group) or NWM NV Group's reputation and on investors’ risk appetite and 
customers' willingness to deal with NatWest Group (including NWM NV Group) or NWM NV Group. 
ESG ratings from agencies and data providers which rate how NatWest Group (including NWM NV Group) 
or NWM NV Group manages environmental, social and governance risks are increasingly influencing 
investment decisions pertaining to NatWest Group’s and/or its subsidiaries' securities or being used as a basis 
to label financial products and services as environmentally friendly or sustainable. ESG ratings are often (i)

--- Page 52 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 46 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
unsolicited; (ii) subject to the assessment and interpretation by the ESG rating agencies; (iii) provided 
without warranty; (iv) not a sponsorship, endorsement, or promotion of NatWest Group (including NWM 
NV Group) or NWM NV Group by the relevant rating agency; and (v) may depend on many factors some 
of which are beyond NatWest Group’s and NWM NV Group’s control (e.g. any change in rating 
methodology).  
In addition, NWM NV Group and certain of its subsidiaries offer and sell products and services to customers 
and counterparties based exclusively or largely on a rating by an unregulated ESG rating agency or data 
providers. ESG rating agencies, at this stage, are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or 
oversight (although there are proposals by regulators in different jurisdictions to regulate rating agencies and 
data providers). Regulators have expressed concern that harm may arise from potential conflicts of interest 
within ESG rating and review or second party opinion providers and there is a lack of transparency in 
methodologies and data points, which renders ratings and reviews incomparable between agencies or 
providers. Any material reduction in the ESG ratings of NatWest Group (including NWM NV Group) or 
NWM NV Group may have a negative impact on NWM NV Group’s reputation and could influence 
investors’ risk appetite for NWM NV Group’s and/or its subsidiaries’ securities, particularly ESG securities, 
could potentially affect the pricing of securities issued by NWM NV Group and/or its subsidiaries and could 
affect a customer’s willingness to deal with NWM NV Group. A regulatory sanction or enforcement action 
involving an ESG rating agency used by a NWM NV Group entity could also have a negative impact on 
NWM NV Group’s reputation. 
5. Operational and IT resilience risk  
Operational risks (including reliance on third party suppliers and outsourcing of certain activities) are 
inherent in NWM NV Group’s businesses. 
Operational risk is the risk of loss or disruption resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, 
procedures, people or systems, or from external events, including legal and regulatory risks, third party 
processes, procedures, people or systems. NWM NV Group operates in a number of countries, offering a 
diverse range of products and services supported directly or indirectly by third party suppliers. As a result, 
operational risks or losses can arise from a number of internal or external factors (including, for example, 
payment errors or financial crime and fraud), for which there is continued scrutiny by third parties on NWM 
Group’s compliance with financial crime requirements; see "NWM NV Group and NWM Plc are exposed to 
the risk of various litigation matters, regulatory and governmental actions and investigations as well as 
remedial undertakings, the outcomes of which are inherently difficult to predict, and which could have an 
adverse effect on NWM NV Group".  
These risks are also present when NWM NV Group relies on NatWest Group, NWM Group, critical service 
providers (suppliers) or vendors to provide services to it or its clients, as is increasingly the case as NWM 
NV Group outsources certain activities, including with respect to the implementation of technologies, 
innovation and responding to regulatory and market changes. Furthermore, NWM NV is subject to the EBA 
guidelines on outsourcing arrangements. If the systems and services provided by NatWest Group, NWM

--- Page 53 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 47 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
Group or any third party do not comply with such EBA requirements, there is a risk of increase in operational 
and compliance costs, which may negatively affect NWM NV Group’s business continuity and reputation.   
Operational risks continue to be heightened as a result of the implementation of the NatWest Group’s 
strategy, and the organisational and operational changes involved, including NatWest Group’s phased 
withdrawal from ROI, NatWest Group’s current cost-controlling measures, the progression towards working 
as 'one bank' across NatWest Group to serve customers and conditions affecting the financial services 
industry generally (including macroeconomic and other geopolitical developments) as well as the legal and 
regulatory uncertainty resulting from these conditions. It is unclear as to how the future ways of working 
may further evolve, including in respect of how working practices may develop, or how NWM NV Group 
will evolve to best serve its customers. Any of the above may place significant pressure on NWM NV 
Group’s ability to maintain effective internal controls and governance frameworks. 
In recent years, NWM Group (including NWM NV Group) has materially increased its dependence on 
NatWest Bank Plc for numerous critical services and operations, including without limitation, property, 
finance, accounting, treasury, legal, risk, regulatory compliance and reporting, financial crime, human 
resources, and certain other support and administrative functions. In addition, NWM NV Group has 
materially increased its dependence on NWM Plc for numerous critical services similar to those outlined 
above and for certain sales activities, which due to their complexities could potentially trigger regulatory, 
tax, reputational, financial crime and conduct risks. A failure by NatWest Bank Plc or NWM Plc to 
adequately supply these services may expose NWM NV Group to critical business failure risk, increased 
costs and other liabilities. These and any increases in the cost of these services may adversely affect NWM 
NV Group.  
The effective management of operational risks is critical to meeting customer service expectations and 
retaining and attracting client business. Although NWM NV Group has implemented risk controls and 
mitigation actions, with resources and planning having been devoted to mitigate operational risk, such 
measures may not be effective in controlling each of the operational risks faced by NWM NV Group. 
Ineffective management of such risks may adversely affect NWM NV Group. 
Any of the above may have a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s future results, financial condition, 
prospects, and/or reputation. 
NWM NV Group is subject to sophisticated and frequent cyberattacks. 
NWM NV Group experiences a constant threat from cyberattacks across the entire NatWest Group (including 
NWM NV Group) and against NatWest Group and NWM NV Group's supply chain, reinforcing the 
importance of due diligence of close working relationship with the third parties on which NWM NV Group 
relies. NWM NV Group is reliant on technology, against which there is a constantly evolving series of 
attacks, that are increasing in terms of frequency, sophistication, impact and severity. As cyberattacks evolve 
and become more sophisticated, NWM NV Group is required to continue to invest in additional capability 
designed to defend against emerging threats. In 2023, NatWest Group and its supply chain were subjected to

--- Page 54 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 48 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
a small number of Distributed Denial of Service and ransomware attacks, which are a pervasive threat to the 
financial services industry (including NWM NV Group). The focus is to manage the impact of the attacks 
and sustain availability of services for NWM NV Group's customers. Consequently, NWM NV Group 
continues to invest significant resources in developing and evolving of cybersecurity controls that are 
designed to minimise the potential effect of such attacks. 
Third parties continue to make hostile attempts to gain access to, introduce malware (including ransomware) 
into and exploit vulnerabilities of NWM NV Group’s IT systems. NWM NV Group has information and 
cybersecurity controls that seek to minimise the impact of any such attacks, which are subject to review on 
regular basis, but given the nature of the threat, there can be no assurance that such measures will prevent 
the potential adverse effect of any attack from occurring. See also "NWM NV Group's operations are highly 
dependent on its complex IT systems, and any IT failure could adversely affect NWM NV Group". 
Any failure in NWM Group's (and therefore NWM NV Group's) or third-party providers' information and 
cybersecurity policies, procedures or controls, may result in significant financial losses, major business 
disruption, inability to deliver customer services, or loss of, or ability to access, data or systems or other 
sensitive information (including as a result of an outage) and may cause associated reputational damage. Any 
of these factors could increase costs (including costs relating to notification of, or compensation for clients 
and credit monitoring), result in regulatory investigations or sanctions being imposed or may affect NWM 
NV Group's ability to retain and attract clients. Regulators in the UK, US, Europe and Asia continue to 
recognise cyber security as an important systemic risk to the financial sector and have highlighted the need 
for financial institutions to improve their monitoring and control of, and resilience (particularly of critical 
services) to cyberattacks, and to provide timely reporting or notification of them, as appropriate. 
Furthermore, cyberattacks on NWM NV Group’s counterparties may also have an adverse effect on NWM 
NV Group’s operations. 
Additionally, third parties may induce employees, customers, third party providers or other users with access 
to NWM NV Group's systems to wrongfully disclose sensitive information to gain access to NWM NV 
Group's data or systems or that of NWM NV Group's clients or employees. Cyber security and information 
security events can derive from groups or factors such as: internal or external threat actors, human error, 
fraud or malice on the part of NWM NV Group's employees or third parties, including third party providers, 
or may result from technological failure. 
NWM NV Group expects greater regulatory engagement, supervision and enforcement by the ECB to 
continue in relation to its overall resilience to withstand IT and IT-related disruption, either through a 
cyberattack or some other disruptive event. Such increased regulatory engagement, supervision and 
enforcement is uncertain in relation to the scope, cost, consequence and the pace of change, which may 
adversely affect NWM NV Group. Due to NWM NV Group's reliance on technology and the increasing 
sophistication, frequency and impact of cyberattacks, such attacks may adversely affect NWM NV Group's 
future results, financial condition and/or prospects.

--- Page 55 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 49 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
In accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018 and the European Withdrawal Act 2018 the Data Protection, 
Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments Etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, as amended by 
the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments Etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 
2020 ("UK Data Protection Framework"), and the EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), 
NWM NV Group is required to ensure it implements timely appropriate and effective organisational and 
technological safeguards against unauthorised or unlawful access to data of NWM NV Group, its clients and 
its employees. In order to meet this requirement, NWM NV Group relies on the effectiveness of its internal 
policies, controls and procedures to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information held 
on its IT systems, networks and devices as well as with third parties with whom NWM NV Group interacts. 
A failure to monitor and manage data in accordance with the GDPR and EBA requirements of the applicable 
legislation may result in financial losses, regulatory fines and investigations and associated reputational 
damage.  
Any of the above may have a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s future results, financial condition, 
prospects, and/or reputation. 
NWM NV Group operations and strategy are highly dependent on the accuracy and effective use of data. 
NWM NV Group relies on the effective use of accurate data to support, monitor, evaluate, manage and 
enhance its operations, innovative its products offering, meet its regulatory obligations, and deliver its 
strategy. Investment is being made in data tools and analytics, including raising awareness around ethical 
data usage (for example, in relation to the use of artificial intelligence for implementing (training) models 
which may lead to or be based on 'artificial intelligence biases') and privacy across NWM NV Group. The 
availability and accessibility of current, complete, detailed, accurate and, wherever possible, machine-
readable customer segment and sub-sector data, together with appropriate governance and accountability for 
data, is fast becoming a critical strategic asset, which is subject to increased regulatory focus. Failure to have 
or not be able to access that data or the ineffective use or governance of that data could result in a failure to 
manage and report important risks and opportunities or satisfy customers’ expectations including the inability 
to deliver products and services. This could also result in a failure to deliver NWM NV Group’s strategy and 
could place NWM NV Group at a competitive disadvantage by increasing its costs, inhibiting its efforts to 
reduce costs or its ability to improve its systems, controls and processes which could result in a failure to 
deliver NWM NV Group’s strategy. These data weaknesses and limitations, or the unethical or inappropriate 
use of data, and/or non-compliance with data protection laws could give rise to conduct and litigation risks 
and may increase the risk of operational challenges, losses, reputational damage or other adverse 
consequences due to inappropriate models, systems, processes, decisions or other actions.  
Any of the above may have a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s future results, financial condition, 
prospects, and/or reputation. 
NWM NV Group relies on attracting, retaining, developing and remunerating diverse senior management 
and skilled personnel (such as market trading specialists), and is required to maintain good employee 
relations.

--- Page 56 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 50 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
NWM NV Group's success depends on its ability to attract, retain, through creating an inclusive environment, 
and develop and remunerate highly skilled and qualified diverse personnel, including senior management, 
directors, market trading specialists and key employees (including for technology and data focused roles), 
in a highly competitive market, in an era of strategic change and under internal cost reduction pressures.  
The inability to compensate employees competitively and/or any reduction of compensation, the perception 
that NWM Group (of which NWM NV Group forms part) may not be a viable or competitive business, 
heightened regulatory oversight of banks and the increasing scrutiny of, and (in some cases) restrictions 
placed upon, employee compensation arrangements (in particular those of banks in receipt of government 
support such as NatWest Group), negative economic developments or other factors, may adversely affect 
NWM NV Group’s ability to hire, retain and engage well qualified employees, especially at a senior level, 
which could adversely affect NWM NV Group.  
This increases the cost of hiring, training and retaining diverse skilled personnel. In addition, certain 
economic, market and regulatory conditions and political developments may reduce the pool of candidates 
for key management and non-executive roles, including non-executive directors with the right skills, 
knowledge and experience, or may increase the number of departures of existing employees. Moreover, a 
failure to foster a diverse and inclusive workforce may adversely affect NWM NV Group’s employee 
engagement and the formulation and execution of its strategy and could also have a negative effect on its 
reputation with customers, investors and regulators.  
Some of NWM NV Group’s employees are represented by employee representative bodies, including works 
councils. Engagement with its employees and such bodies is important to NWM NV Group in maintaining 
good employee relations. Any breakdown of these relationships may adversely affect NWM NV Group’s 
business, reputation, results of operations and outlook. 
Any of the above may have a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s future results, financial condition, 
prospects, and/or reputation. 
NWM NV Group's operations are highly dependent on its complex IT systems and any IT failure could 
adversely affect NWM NV Group.  
NWM NV Group's operations are highly dependent on the ability to process a very large number of 
transactions efficiently and accurately while complying with applicable laws and regulations. The proper 
functioning of NatWest Group’s (including NWM NV Group’s) transactional and payment systems, financial 
crime, fraud systems and controls, risk management, credit analysis and reporting, accounting, customer 
service and other IT systems (some of which are owned and operated by other entities in NatWest Group or 
third parties), is critical to NWM NV Group’s operations.  
Individually or collectively, any system failure, loss of service availability or breach of data security could 
potentially cause significant damage to (i) important business services across NWM NV Group and (ii) 
NWM NV Group's ability to provide services to its clients, which could result in reputational damage, 
significant compensation costs and regulatory sanctions (including fines resulting from regulatory

--- Page 57 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 51 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
investigations) or a breach of applicable regulations and could affect NWM NV Group's regulatory 
approvals, competitive position, business and brands, which could undermine its ability to attract and retain 
customers and talent. NWM NV Group’s outsources certain functions as it innovates and offers new digital 
solutions to its clients to meet the demand for online and mobile banking. Outsourcing, alongside hybrid 
working patterns of NWM NV Group employees heighten the above risks. 
NWM NV Group uses IT systems that enable remote working interface with third-party systems, and NWM 
NV Group could experience service denials or disruptions if such systems exceed capacity or if a third-party 
system fails or experiences any interruptions, all of which could result in business and customer interruption 
and related reputational damage, significant compensation costs, regulatory sanctions and/or a breach of 
applicable regulations. 
In 2023, NWM NV Group made considerable investments to further simplify, upgrade and improve its IT 
and technology capabilities (including migration of certain services to cloud platforms). As part of the 
NWM's strategy, NWM Group, including NWM NV Group, also continues to develop and enhance digital 
services for its customers and seeks to improve its competitive position through enhancing controls and 
procedures and strengthening the resilience of services including cyber security.  
Any failure of these investment and rationalisation initiatives to achieve the expected results due to cost 
challenges or otherwise, may adversely affect NWM Group's operations, its reputation and ability to retain 
or grow its client business or adversely affect its competitive position, thereby negatively impacting NWM 
NV Group. See also "NWM Group (including NWM NV Group) has been in a period of significant structural 
and other change, including as a result of NatWest Group’s strategy and NatWest Group’s recent creation of 
its Commercial & Institutional business segment, of which NWM Group (including NWM NV Group) forms 
part and may continue to be subject to significant structural and other change.". 
Any of the above may have a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s future results, financial condition, 
prospects, and/or reputation. 
A failure in NWM NV Group's risk management framework could adversely affect NWM NV Group, 
including its ability to achieve its strategic objectives. 
Risk management is an integral part of all of NWM NV Group's activities and integral to the delivery of its 
long-term strategy. NatWest Group’s enterprise-wide risk management framework sets out NWM Group’s 
(including NWM NV Group) approach for managing risk within NWM NV Group including in relation to 
risk governance and risk appetite. A failure to adhere to this framework, or any material weaknesses or 
deficiencies in the framework’s controls and procedures, may adversely affect NWM NV Group’s financial 
condition and strategic delivery including in relation to operating within agreed risk appetite statements and 
accurate reporting on risk exposures. 
Financial risk management is highly dependent on the use and effectiveness of internal stress tests and 
models and ineffective risk management may arise from a wide variety of factors, including lack of 
transparency or incomplete risk reporting, manual processes and controls, inaccurate data, inadequate IT

--- Page 58 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 52 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
systems, unidentified conflicts or misaligned incentives, lack of accountability control and governance, 
incomplete risk monitoring (including trade surveillance) and failures of systems to properly process all 
relevant data, risks related to unanticipated behaviour or performance in algorithmic trading and management 
or insufficient challenges or assurance processes or a failure to commence or timely complete risk 
remediation projects. Failure to manage risks effectively, or within regulatory expectations, may adversely 
affect NWM NV Group's reputation or its relationship with its regulators, clients, shareholders or other 
stakeholders.  
In addition, financial crime risk management is dependent on the use and effectiveness of financial crime 
assessment, systems and controls. Weak or ineffective financial crime processes and controls may risk 
NatWest Group inadvertently facilitating financial crime which may result in regulatory investigation, 
sanction, litigation, fines and reputational damage. Financial crime continues to evolve, whether through 
fraud, scams, cyberattacks or other criminal activity. These risks are exacerbated as NWM NV Group 
continues to innovate its product offering and increasingly offers digital solutions to its customers. NatWest 
Group (including NWM NV Group) has made and continues to make significant, multi- year investments to 
strengthen and improve its overall financial crime control framework with prevention systems and 
capabilities. As part of its ongoing programme of investment, there is current and future investment planned 
to further strengthen financial crime controls over the coming years, including investment in new 
technologies and capabilities to further enhance customer due diligence, transaction monitoring, sanctions 
and anti-bribery and corruption systems. A number of NWM NV Group’s financial crime controls are 
operated by NatWest Group on behalf of NWM NV Group. NWM NV Group's operations are inherently 
exposed to conduct risks which include business decisions, actions or reward mechanisms that are not 
responsive to or aligned with NWM NV Group's regulatory obligations, client needs or do not reflect NWM 
NV Group's customer-focused strategy, ineffective product management, unethical or inappropriate use of 
data, information asymmetry, implementation and utilisation of new technologies, outsourcing of customer 
service and product delivery, inappropriate behaviour towards customers, customers outcomes, the 
possibility of mis-selling of financial products and mishandling of customer complaints. Some of these risks 
have materialised in the past and ineffective management and oversight of conduct risks may lead to further 
remediation and regulatory intervention or enforcement. NWM NV Group's businesses are also exposed to 
risks from employee, contractor or services provider misconduct including non-compliance with policies 
and regulations, negligence or fraud (including financial crimes and fraud), any of which could result in 
regulatory fines or sanctions and serious reputational or financial harm to NWM NV Group.  
Hybrid working arrangements for NWM NV Group’s employees place heavy reliance on IT systems that 
enable remote working and may place additional pressure on NWM NV Group’s ability to maintain effective 
internal controls, governance frameworks, and increase operational risk. Hybrid working arrangements are 
also subject to regulatory scrutiny to ensure adequate recording, surveillance and supervision of regulated 
activities and compliance with regulatory requirements and expectations, including requirements to: meet 
threshold conditions for regulated activities; ensure the ability to oversee functions (including any outsourced 
functions); ensure no detriment is caused to customers; and ensure no increased risk of financial crime.

--- Page 59 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 53 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
NWM NV Group seeks to embed a risk awareness culture across the organisation and has implemented 
policies and allocated new resources across all levels of the organisation to manage and mitigate conduct 
risk and expects to continue to invest in risk management including the ongoing development of a NatWest 
Group risk management strategy in line with regulatory expectations. However, such efforts may not insulate 
NWM NV Group from instances of misconduct and no assurance can be given that NWM NV Group's 
strategy and control framework will be effective. See also "NWM Group (including NWM NV Group) has 
been in a period of significant structural and other change, including as a result of NatWest Group’s strategy 
and NatWest Group’s recent creation of its Commercial & Institutional business segment, of which NWM 
Group (including NWM NV Group) forms part and may continue to be subject to significant structural and 
other change.". Any failure in NWM NV Group’s risk management framework may adversely affect NWM 
NV Group and its financial condition through reputational and financial harm and may result in the inability 
to achieve its strategic objectives for its clients, employees and wider stakeholders. There is also the risk that 
the risk management frameworks, as developed by NatWest Group and NWM Group, may not be properly 
adapted for NWM NV's specific circumstances. Ahead of a regulatory audit a self-identified governance 
shortfall has been identified related to regulatory reporting process management. 
Furthermore, NWM NV has policies and controls in place to prevent and detect financial crime, and has 
invested in technology and capability to enhance financial crime controls. Although NWM NV head office 
is located in Amsterdam (where NWM NV risk management function is based), it also operates branches in 
France, Germany, Italy and Sweden. Should such risk policies and controls be inadequate to combat financial 
crime, particularly in NWM NV branches (where there is less direct supervision) there could be an adverse 
impact on NWM NV.  
Any of the above have a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s future results, financial condition, 
prospects, and/or reputation. 
NWM NV Group's operations are subject to inherent reputational risk. 
Reputational risk relates to stakeholder and public perceptions of NWM NV Group arising from an actual or 
perceived failure to meet stakeholder or the public's expectations, including with respect to NatWest Group's 
strategy and related targets, NWM Group’s strategy, the progression towards working as 'one bank' across 
the NatWest Group to serve customers, or due to any events, behaviour, action or inaction by NWM NV 
Group, its employees or those with whom NWM NV Group is associated. This includes harm to its brand, 
which may be detrimental to NWM NV Group's business, including its ability to build or sustain business 
relationships with clients, stakeholders and regulators, and may cause low employee morale, regulatory 
censure or reduced access to, or an increase in the cost of, funding. Reputational risk may arise whenever 
there is, or there is perceived to be, a material lapse in standards of integrity, compliance, customer or 
operating efficiency and may adversely affect NWM NV Group's ability to attract and retain clients and 
talent, and engage with counterparties may be adversely affected by factors including: negative public 
opinion resulting from the actual or perceived manner in which NWM NV Group or any other member of 
NatWest Group conducts or modifies its business activities and operations, media coverage (whether

--- Page 60 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 54 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
accurate or otherwise), employee misconduct, NWM NV Group's financial performance, IT systems failures 
or cyberattacks, data breaches, financial crime and fraud, the level of direct and indirect government support 
for NatWest Group plc, or the actual or perceived practices in the banking and financial industry in general, 
or a wide variety of other factors.  
Technologies, in particular online social networks and other broadcast tools that facilitate communication 
with large audiences in short time frames and with minimal costs, may also significantly increase and 
accelerate the impact of damaging information and allegations. 
Although NWM NV Group has implemented a Reputational Risk Policy to identify, measure and manage 
material reputational risk exposure, NWM NV Group cannot be certain that it will be successful in avoiding 
damage to its business from reputational risk. 
Any of the above aspects of reputational risk may have a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group’s future 
results, financial condition, prospects, and/or reputation. 
6. Legal, regulatory and conduct risk 
NWM NV Group's businesses are subject to substantial regulation and oversight, which are constantly 
evolving and may adversely affect NWM NV Group. 
NWM NV Group is subject to extensive laws, regulations, guidelines, corporate governance practice and 
disclosure requirements, administrative actions and policies in each jurisdiction in which it operates which 
represents ongoing compliance and conduct risk. Many of these have been introduced or amended recently 
and are subject to further material changes, which may increase compliance and conduct risks, particularly 
as EU/EEA and UK laws diverge as a result of Brexit. NWM Group (NWM NV Group’s parent) expects 
government and regulatory intervention in the financial services industry to remain high for the foreseeable 
future.  
In particular, NWM NV Group is subject to (i) direct prudential supervision by the ECB; (ii) direct market 
conduct supervision by the AFM and indirect market conduct supervision by European Securities and 
Markets Authority ("ESMA"); and (iii) supervision by DNB, as home state supervisor, in respect of NWM 
NV Group's offices in The Netherlands, France, Germany, Italy and Sweden, and to supervision by local 
regulators in these jurisdictions, as host state supervisors, in respect of certain regulatory aspects of NWM 
NV Group's offices' operations that are subject to home or host state supervision (e.g. anti-money laundering 
laws). NWM NV Group expects government and regulatory intervention in the financial services industry 
to remain high for the foreseeable future. 
Prudential regulatory requirements: 
Regulators and governments continue to focus on reforming the prudential regulation of the financial 
services industry and the manner in which the business of financial services is conducted. Measures have 
included: enhanced capital, liquidity and funding requirements through initiatives such as the Basel 3.1 
standards implementation (and any resulting effect on RWAs and models), the UK ring-fencing regime, the

--- Page 61 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 55 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
strengthening of the recovery and resolution framework applicable to financial institutions in The 
Netherlands, the EU proposed reform of bank crisis management and deposit insurance framework, the UK, 
the EU and the US, financial industry reforms (including in respect of MiFID II and the FSM Act 2023), 
London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") transition (due to the discontinuation of the LIBOR), corporate 
governance requirements, rules relating to the compensation of senior management and other employees, 
enhanced data protection and IT resilience requirements, financial market infrastructure reforms, enhanced 
regulations in respect of the provision of 'investment services and activities', and increased regulatory focus 
in certain areas, including conduct, consumer protection (such as the FCA's Consumer Duty) in retail or 
other financial markets, competition and disputes regimes, anti-money laundering, anti-corruption, anti-
bribery, anti-tax evasion, payment systems, sanctions and anti-terrorism laws and regulations. This has 
resulted in NWM NV Group facing greater regulation and scrutiny in The Netherlands and the other 
countries in which it operates.  
In addition, there is significant oversight by competition authorities of the jurisdictions in which NWM NV 
Group operates. The competitive landscape for banks and other financial institutions in Europe, the UK and 
the US is rapidly changing. Recent regulatory and legal changes have and may continue to result in new 
market participants and changed competitive dynamics in certain key areas. 
Regulatory and competition authorities are also looking at and focusing more on how they can support 
competition and innovation in digital and other markets. Recent regulatory changes and heightened levels 
of public and regulatory scrutiny in Europe, the UK, Asia and the US have resulted in increased capital, 
funding and liquidity requirements, changes in the competitive landscape, changes in other regulatory 
requirements and increased operating costs, and have impacted, and will continue to impact, product 
offerings and business models. 
Regulatory requirements:  
Recent regulatory changes and heightened levels of public and regulatory scrutiny in the EU have resulted 
in increased capital, funding and liquidity requirements, changes in the competitive landscape, changes in 
other regulatory requirements and increased operating costs, and have impacted, and will continue to impact, 
product offering and business models. For example, NWM NV Group is required to ensure operational 
continuity in resolution; the steps required to ensure such compliance entail significant costs, and also 
impose significant operational, legal and execution risk. Material consequences could arise should NWM 
NV Group be found to be non-compliant with these regulatory requirements.  
On 1 January 2024, the ECB replaced DNB as the regulator of NWM NV due to NWM NV becoming a 
'significant institution' as defined by the ECB and more oversight from the ECB is anticipated going forward. 
This may result in changes to supervision and regulations applicable to NWM NV. Should NWM NV not 
meet certain supervisory criteria, remedial action or changes to the business may be required. Any such 
actions or changes may harm the reputation of NWM NV Group and may also require additional resources 
and funds which may need to be diverted from other parts of the business which may, in turn, adversely 
affect NWM NV Group.

--- Page 62 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 56 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
The changes may also result in an increased number of regulatory investigations and proceedings and have 
increased the risks relating to NWM NV Group's ability to comply with the applicable body of rules and 
regulations in the manner and within the time frames required.  
Other areas in which, and examples of where, governmental policies, regulatory and accounting changes 
and increased public and regulatory scrutiny may adversely affect (some of which could be material) on 
NWM NV Group include, but are not limited to, the following: 
• 
general changes in government, central bank, regulatory or competition policy, or changes in 
regulatory regimes that may influence investor decisions in the jurisdictions in which NWM NV 
Group operates;  
• 
rules relating to foreign ownership, expropriation, nationalisation and confiscation or appropriation 
of assets; 
• 
new or increased regulations relating to customer data and privacy protection as well as IT controls 
and operational resilience such as the EU's Digital Operational Resilience Act ("DORA") and the 
proposed UK Data Protection and Digital Information Bill (No. 2) and in India the Digital Personal 
Data Protection Bill 2022. DORA, consisting of Regulation (EU) 2022/2554 and Directive (EU) 
2022/2556 entered into force on 16 January 2023. Aimed at harmonising national rules around 
operational resilience and cybersecurity regulation across the EU, DORA establishes uniform 
requirements for the security of network and information systems of companies and organisations 
operating in the financial sector as well as critical third parties which provide services related to 
information communication technologies, such as cloud platforms or data analytics services. 
Financial entities in scope of DORA (such as the Issuer) must be fully compliant from 16 January 
2025. This comes with an accumulation of change and cost pressure on the Issuer;  
• 
the introduction of, and changes to, taxes, levies or fees applicable to NWM NV Group’s operations 
which may require increased payments of tax, such as the Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021), the imposition of a financial transaction tax, changes in the scope and 
administration of the Dutch bank levy (bankenbelasting) levied pursuant to the Dutch Bank Levy 
Act (Wet bankenbelasting), changes in tax rates, increases in the bank corporation tax surcharge in 
the UK and restrictions on the tax deductibility of interest payments and the introduction of global 
minimum tax rules;  
• 
the potential introduction by the Bank of England of a Central Bank Digital Currency which could 
result in deposit outflows, higher funding costs, and/or other implications for banks including 
NatWest Group (including impact on NWM NV Group); 
• 
recent or proposed US regulations around cybersecurity incidents, climate disclosures, and other 
climate and sustainability-related rules;

--- Page 63 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 57 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
new or increased regulations relating to financial crime (including the new criminal offence of failure 
to prevent fraud), and 
• 
any regulatory requirements relating to the use of artificial intelligence and large language models 
across the financial services industry (such as the European Union Artificial Intelligence Act). 
Any of these developments (including any failure to comply with new rules and regulations) could also have 
a significant impact on NWM NV Group’s authorisations and licences, the products and services that NWM 
NV Group may offer, its reputation and the value of its assets, NWM NV Group’s operations or legal entity 
structure, and the manner in which NWM NV Group conducts its business. Material consequences could 
arise should NWM NV Group be found to be non-compliant with these regulatory requirements.  
Regulatory developments may also result in an increased number of regulatory investigations and 
proceedings and have increased the risks relating to NWM NV Group’s ability to comply with the applicable 
body of rules and regulations in the manner and within the time frames required. See also "NWM NV Group 
and NWM Plc are exposed to the risk of various litigation matters, regulatory and governmental actions and 
investigations as well as remedial undertakings, the outcomes of which are inherently difficult to predict, 
and which could have an adverse effect on NWM NV Group". 
Changes in laws, rules or regulations, or in their interpretation or enforcement, or the implementation of new 
laws, rules or regulations, including contradictory or conflicting laws, rules or regulations by key regulators 
or policymakers in different jurisdictions, or failure by NWM NV Group to comply with such laws, rules 
and regulations, may adversely affect NWM NV Group's business, results of operations and outlook. In 
addition, uncertainty and insufficient international regulatory coordination as enhanced supervisory 
standards are developed and implemented may adversely affect NWM NV Group's ability to engage in 
effective business, capital and risk management planning. 
NWM NV Group and NWM Plc are exposed to the risk of various litigation matters, regulatory and 
governmental actions and investigations as well as remedial undertakings, the outcomes of which are 
inherently difficult to predict, and which could have an adverse effect on NWM NV Group. 
NWM NV Group's operations are diverse and complex and it operates in legal and regulatory environments 
that expose it to potentially significant civil actions (including those following on from regulatory sanction), 
as well as criminal, regulatory and governmental proceedings. NWM NV Group and NWM Plc have 
resolved a number of legal and regulatory actions over the past several years but continue to be, and may in 
the future be, involved in such actions in the US, the UK, Europe and other jurisdictions. 
NWM NV Group and /or NWM Plc have recently been and will likely be involved in a number of significant 
legal and regulatory actions, including investigations, proceedings and ongoing reviews (both formal and 
informal) by governmental law enforcement and other agencies, and litigation proceedings, including in 
relation to the offering of securities, conduct in the foreign exchange market, the setting of benchmark rates 
and related derivatives trading, the issuance, underwriting, and sales and trading of fixed-income securities 
(including government securities), product mis-selling, customer mistreatment, anti-money laundering,

--- Page 64 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 58 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
antitrust, VAT recovery and various other issues. There is also an increasing risk of new class action claims 
being brought against NWM Group in the Competition Appeal Tribunal for breaches of competition law. 
Legal and regulatory actions are subject to many uncertainties, and their outcomes, including the timing, 
amount of fines, damages or settlements or the form of any settlements, which may be material and in excess 
of any related provisions, are often difficult to predict, particularly in the early stages of a case or 
investigation. NWM NV Group's expectation for resolution may change and substantial additional 
provisions and costs may be recognised in respect of any matter. 
Adverse outcomes or resolution of current or future legal or regulatory actions and associated remedial 
undertakings could result in restrictions or limitations on NWM NV Group's operations, and could adversely 
impact NWM NV Group's capital position or its ability to meet regulatory capital adequacy requirements. 
Failure to comply with undertakings made by the NWM NV Group or NWM Plc to its regulators may result 
in additional measures being taken against, or penalties being imposed on the NWM NV Group. 
B. 
Risk Factors relating to the Notes  
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme are described below. 
1. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme may be structured in such a way that means they have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain such features. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. Further, 
during periods when there is an increased likelihood, or perceived increased likelihood, that the Notes will 
be redeemed early, the market value of the Notes may be adversely affected. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Certain information regarding any optional redemption right of the Issuer in relation to any Notes will be set 
out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to "benchmarks"

--- Page 65 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 59 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
EURIBOR and other interest rate or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" 
may from time to time be the subject of ongoing regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of 
these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. Following the implementation 
of any such potential reforms, the manner of administration of benchmarks may change, with the result that 
they may perform differently than in the past, or benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, or there could be 
other consequences, including those which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to benchmarks and the use of benchmarks within the EU and, as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, the UK. The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact 
on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or other benchmarks, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such 
changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting 
the volatility of, the published rate or level, of the benchmark. In addition, the Benchmarks Regulation 
stipulates that each administrator of a "benchmark" regulated thereunder must be licensed by the competent 
authority of the EU member state where such administrator is located. There is a risk that administrators of 
certain "benchmarks" to which the Notes are linked will fail to obtain a necessary licence, preventing them 
from continuing to provide such "benchmarks", or such administrators may cease to administer the relevant 
benchmark because of the additional costs of compliance with the Benchmarks Regulation and other 
applicable regulations and reforms, and the risks associated therewith, which could mean that a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (each as defined in Condition 3(f) (Benchmark replacement)), as 
applicable, shall be determined that could reduce or increase the rate or level, or affect the volatility of, the 
published rate or level, of the interest rate to which the Notes are linked. 
Furthermore, a private sector working group on euro risk-free rates was established to identify and 
recommend risk-free rates that could serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a 
variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area, such as the euro overnight index average 
(EONIA) and EURIBOR. The group recommended on 13 September 2018 that the euro short-term rate 
("€STR") be used as the risk-free rate for the euro area. The ECB published the €STR for the first time on 2 
October 2019, reflecting trading activity on 1 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order 
to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will 
continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative 
benchmark. 
The potential discontinuation of, or the potential changes in the manner of administration of or changes in 
the methodologies pursuant to which EURIBOR or any other benchmark are determined, or any other 
reforms to or other proposals affecting EURIBOR or any other relevant benchmarks that will be enacted in 
the UK, the EU, the United States and elsewhere, may adversely affect the trading market for EURIBOR 
and/or other relevant benchmark-based securities, including any Notes that bear interest at rates based on a 
relevant benchmark, could require an adjustment to the terms and conditions to reference an alternative

--- Page 66 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 60 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
benchmark could require an adjustment to the terms and conditions to reference an alternative benchmark, 
or result in other consequences, including those which cannot be predicted, in respect of any Notes linked to 
such benchmark (including but not limited to Floating Rate Notes and, to the extent subject to one or more 
resets during their tenor, Fixed Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other 
benchmark). In addition, any future changes in the method pursuant to which EURIBOR and/or other 
relevant benchmarks are determined or the transition to a successor benchmark may result in, among other 
things, a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in the reported benchmark rates, a delay in the publication 
of any such ben chmark rates, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies in certain benchmarks 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain benchmarks, and, in 
certain situations, could result in a benchmark rate no longer being determined and published. Accordingly, 
in respect of a Note referencing EURIBOR or any other relevant benchmark, such proposals for reform and 
changes in applicable regulation could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on such a 
Note (including potential rates of interest thereon). 
Investors should be aware that, if any benchmark were discontinued or otherwise (permanently) unavailable, 
the rate of interest on any Notes which reference any such benchmark will be determined for the relevant 
period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes. Depending on the manner in which the relevant 
benchmark rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, this may (i) be reliant on 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer being able to determine a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative 
Reference Rate (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) (see Condition 3(f) (Benchmark 
replacement)) or (ii) result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the 
previous period when the relevant benchmark was available (see Condition 3(f)(B) (Benchmark 
replacement)). The effective application of a fixed rate to what was previously a Floating Rate Note could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any such Notes. 
Furthermore, it is possible that the Issuer may itself determine a fall-back interest rate. In such case, the 
Issuer will make such determinations and adjustments as it deems appropriate, in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. In making such determinations and adjustments, the Issuer may be entitled to 
exercise substantial discretion and may be subject to conflicts of interest in exercising this discretion. 
Uncertainty as to the continuation of a benchmark, the availability of quotes from reference banks to allow 
for the continuation of the benchmark rate on any Notes, the ability of any agent or the Issuer to establish a 
fall-back interest rate for any Notes (including the possibility that a license or registration may be required 
for such agent or the Issuer under the applicable legislation to be able to calculate a Successor Reference 
Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate, the failure which could ultimately result in the effective application 
of a fixed rate on such Notes), and the rate that would be applicable if the relevant benchmark is discontinued 
may adversely affect the trading market and the value of the Notes and the determination of any successor 
rate could lead to economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors. At this time, it is not possible 
to predict what the effect of these developments will be or what the impact on the value of the Notes will be. 
More generally, any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate ("SOFR"), EURIBOR, €STR, the Swiss Average Rate Overnight ("SARON"), the Tokyo

--- Page 67 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 61 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
Overnight Average Rate ("TONA") or any other "benchmark" as a result of international, national, or other 
proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing 
and manner of implementation of such changes, could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and 
value of, and return on, any Notes based on or linked to a "benchmark". Furthermore, if the Issuer is unable 
to appoint an Independent Adviser or if an Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor 
Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer may have to exercise its discretion to determine (or to elect not to 
determine) a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread, if applicable. 
The intention for any Adjustment Spread is to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice or benefit from the 
relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, however, it may not be succesful in doing 
so and the Notes may still perform differently than they would have had the Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate not been adopted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect 
on the value of and return on any such Notes and lead to losses for Noteholders.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmark Regulation reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain reference 
rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates 
for Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates, including those such as SONIA, SOFR, SARON, €STR and TONA, (each an 
"Alternative Reference Rate") as reference rates for Eurobonds continues to develop. This relates not only 
to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance 
and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be 
adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference Alternative 
Reference Rates issued under this Programme. The Issuer may in the future (although not under the Terms 
and Conditions set out in this Base Prospectus as currently drafted) also issue debt securities or enter into 
financing arrangements referencing Alternative Reference Rates that differ materially in terms of interest 
determination when compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme. The development 
of Alternative Reference Rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference Alternative Reference Rates 
issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of Alternative Reference Rates in the Eurobond markets 
may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of Alternative Reference Rates in other 
markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch 
between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any

--- Page 68 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 62 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of Notes referencing an Alternative Reference Rate. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in Alternative 
Reference Rate notes issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including 
the compounding formula in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. 
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates 
based on the Alternative Reference Rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-
free rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates 
over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such Alternative Reference 
Rates. If the relevant Alternative Reference Rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, 
the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing 
indices that are more widely used. 
Alternative Reference Rates differ from EURIBOR (and other frequently referenced term rates based on 
inter-bank lending) in a number of material respects and have a limited history  
Alternative Reference Rates differ from EURIBOR (and other frequently referenced term rates based on 
inter-bank lending) in a number of material respects. These include that Alternative Reference Rates are 
backwards-looking, risk-free overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas EURIBOR and 
similar rates are expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and include a risk-element based on inter-
bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that Alternative Reference Rates may behave materially 
differently as interest reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents 
overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to EURIBOR which 
is an unsecured rate. For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR 
have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Each Alternative Reference Rate has a relatively limited history. For that reason, the future performance of 
Alternative Reference Rates may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical performance. 
The level of an Alternative Reference Rate during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to the 
historical level of such Alternative Reference Rate. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market 
variables and their relation to an Alternative Reference Rate such as correlations, may change in the future. 
Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of future performance of such 
Alternative Reference Rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, as regards a regular Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such period is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for Noteholders to 
estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on the Notes, and some investors may be 
unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could 
adversely impact the liquidity of the Notes. Further, in contrast to EURIBOR or other similar term rate-based 
Notes, if the Notes become due and payable under Condition 8, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date

--- Page 69 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 63 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall be 
determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes 
become due and payable. 
With respect to each Alternative Reference Rate, the administrator of such Alternative Reference Rate may 
make changes that could change the value of such Alternative Reference Rate or discontinue such Alternative 
Reference Rate 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, SIX Swiss Exchange, the European Central 
Bank or the Bank of Japan (or a successor), as administrators of SONIA, SOFR, SARON, €STR and TONA, 
respectively, may (with respect to the relevant Alternative Reference Rate) make methodological or other 
changes that could change the value of such Alternative Reference Rate, including changes related to the 
method by which such Alternative Reference Rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the 
transactions used to calculate such Alternative Reference Rate, or timing related to the publication of such 
Alternative Reference Rate. In addition, with respect to each Alternative Reference Rate, the relevant 
administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of such Alternative Reference 
Rate (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The relevant 
administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, 
converting, revising or discontinuing the relevant Alternative Reference Rate. 
Interest based on Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted Average SOFR or €STR will only be capable of being 
determined near the end of the relevant Interest Period 
 
The applicable Final Terms of any issue of a Series of Floating Rate Notes under the Programme that 
reference SOFR may specify that the calculation methodology will be weighted average or compounded 
daily using a formula or using SOFR Index values. The amount of interest payable with respect to any such 
Floating Rate Notes for a given Interest Period will be determined on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date for such Interest Period. Because each such date will be near the end of such Interest Period, 
Noteholders will not know the amount of interest payable on such Floating Rate Notes with respect to a 
given Interest Period until shortly prior to the related Interest Payment Date. In addition, it may be difficult 
for Noteholders to estimate reliably the amount of interest that will be payable on each such Interest Payment 
Date. As a result, some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their 
information technology systems, which could adversely impact the liquidity and trading price of any such 
Floating Rate Notes. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based Notes, if Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SOFR become due and payable as a result of an event of default, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date 
other than an Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest payable for the final Interest Period in respect of 
such Notes will only be determined immediately or shortly prior to the date on which the Notes become due 
and payable and shall not be reset thereafter. 
To permit a reasonable amount of time to make payment arrangements after the amount of interest is 
determined, the applicable Final Terms of any issue of a Series of Floating Rate Notes under the Programme

--- Page 70 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 64 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
that reference SOFR may specify observation methods such as lag, lock-out or payment delay. Conventions 
regarding observation methods for SOFR rates used for debt securities continue to evolve and may differ 
materially from observation method conventions used for other financial products, such as interest rate swaps 
or syndicated loans. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatches in observation method 
conventions in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which you may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any 
Floating Rate Notes that reference SOFR. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes which reference €STR is only capable of being determined at the end of the 
relevant Observation Period or Interest Period (as applicable) and immediately prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Floating Rate Notes which reference €STR to estimate 
reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Floating Rate Notes, and some investors may 
be unable or unwilling to trade such Floating Rate Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which 
could adversely impact the liquidity of such Floating Rate Notes. Further, in contrast to, for example, 
EURIBOR based Floating Rate Notes, if Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR become due and payable as 
a result of an event of default under Condition 8 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a 
date other than an Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest payable for the final Interest Period in respect 
of such Notes shall only be determined on the date on which the Floating Rate Notes become due and 
payable. 
The rate of interest on any Series of Floating Rate Notes that reference SOFR may be calculated using SOFR 
Index values, which is relatively new in the marketplace 
 
The applicable Final Terms of any issue of a Series of Floating Rate Notes under the Programme may specify 
that such Floating Rate Notes will bear interest with reference to SOFR and that the related Compounded 
Daily calculation methodology will use SOFR Index values published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York. For any such Floating Rate Notes the amount of interest due with respect to any Interest Period will 
not necessarily be the same as the interest rate on other SOFR-linked investments that use an alternative 
basis to determine the applicable interest rate. 
Very limited market precedents exist for securities that use SOFR as the interest rate basis and the method 
for calculating an interest rate based upon SOFR in those precedents varies. In addition, the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York only began publishing SOFR Index data on 2 March 2020. Accordingly, the use of SOFR 
Index values or the specific formula for daily compounding of SOFR may not be widely adopted by other 
market participants, if at all. 
If the manner in which the SOFR Index is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction in the 
amount of interest payable on any such Floating Rate Notes and their trading prices. There can be no 
guarantee, particularly given its relatively recent introduction, that the SOFR Index will not be discontinued 
or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of holders of Floating Rate 
Notes that use SOFR Index data to calculate compounded SOFR during the term of the Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 71 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 65 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes with returns that are calculated with reference to a variable 
Notes may have returns that are variable as a result of the method by which the coupon is calculated or of 
the way interest is paid. The most basic example of this are Notes where the interest rate is floating, and 
therefore subject to changes as a result of movements in the prevailing interest rate. In these cases, the success 
or otherwise of the variable can impact significantly on the return under the Notes as well as the ability to 
trade the Notes on the secondary market. It should be expected that the value of the Notes and the secondary 
market for the Notes may decrease if the performance of the variable is less than anticipated. 
These risks could affect the variable and in turn the return on the Notes and depend on a number of inter-
related factors, including economic, financial and political events over which the Issuer has no control. 
Trading different types of Notes 
It should be assumed that the market for trading different types of Notes varies even though they are issued 
under the same Programme. By way of example, a Zero Coupon Note may be more difficult to trade and its 
price more variable than a Fixed Interest Rate Note. It may also be more difficult to trade a Zero Coupon 
Note that has just been issued than a Zero Coupon Note nearer its redemption, as returns on Zero Coupon 
Notes will be paid to investors only on redemption. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The conversion of the interest basis may affect the secondary market in, 
and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower return for investors. 
Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same 
reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. 
Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing 
rates on other Notes. 
The interest rate on Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect the interest 
payment on an investment in Reset Notes and could affect the market value of Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the First Reset Date. 
On the First Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to 
the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a 
"Subsequent Reset Rate"). The Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial 
Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the Reset Notes. 
2. Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally.

--- Page 72 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 66 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
The Notes may be written down or converted into ordinary shares  
There are substantial powers to resolve and stabilise Dutch incorporated financial institutions under the 
FMSA, including: 
(i) 
private sector transfer of all or part of the business of the relevant entity; 
(ii) transfer of all or part of the business of the relevant entity to a "bridge bank" established by the relevant 
(regulatory) authorities; 
(iii) transfer to an asset management vehicle; 
(iv) the bail-in option; and 
(v) temporary public ownership (nationalisation) of the relevant entity. 
Each of these options is achieved through the exercise of one or more supervisory powers, which include: 
(i) the power to make share transfer orders pursuant to which all or some of the securities issued by a Dutch 
bank may be transferred to a commercial purchaser, a bridge bank or the Dutch government; (ii) the 
resolution instrument power which may make provision for bail-in; (iii) the power to transfer all or some of 
the property, rights and liabilities of a Dutch bank to a commercial purchaser or DNB entity; and (iv) the 
third country instrument powers that recognise the effect of similar special resolution action taken under the 
law of a country outside the EEA. A share transfer order can extend to a wide range of securities, including 
shares and bonds issued by a Dutch bank or its holding company and warrants for such shares and bonds and 
could, therefore, apply to the Notes. In addition, the relevant resolution authorities have the power to modify 
contractual arrangements in certain circumstances, powers to suspend enforcement or termination rights that 
might be invoked as a result of the exercise of the resolution powers and powers for the relevant resolution 
authority to disapply or modify laws (with possible retrospective effect) to enable the powers under the 
FMSA to be used effectively. In addition to the powers described above, the Dutch Minister of Finance may, 
with immediate effect, take measures or expropriate assets and liabilities of, claims against or securities 
issued by or with the consent of the Issuer, if in the Minister of Finance's opinion the stability of the financial 
system is in serious and immediate danger as a result of the situation in which the Issuer finds itself. See 
further the risk factors "NatWest Group (including the Issuer) may become subject to the application of 
resolution powers which may result in, for example, the write-down or conversion of the Group's Eligible 
Liabilities", "NWM NV may not meet the prudential regulatory requirements for capital and liquidity" and 
"NWM NV may not manage its capital, liquidity or funding effectively which could trigger the execution of 
certain management actions or recovery options" above for other risks that may have an adverse effect on 
the value of NWM NV Group's securities (including the Notes). The resolution authorities will likely allow 
the use of financial public support only as a last resort after having assessed and exploited, to the maximum 
extent practicable, the resolution tools, including the bail-in tool and/or the write-down and/or conversion 
powers.

--- Page 73 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 67 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
The bail-in tool covers bonds and notes issued by the institution subject to resolution measures, but certain 
defined instruments are excluded from the scope, such as covered bonds. Where the relevant statutory 
conditions for use of the bail-in tool have been met, the relevant resolution authority would be expected to 
exercise these powers without notice to, or the consent of, the Noteholders. Any such exercise of the bail-in 
tool in respect of the Issuer and the Notes may result in the cancellation of all, or a portion, of the principal 
amount of, interest on, or any other amounts payable on, the Notes and/or the conversion of the Notes into 
shares or other Notes or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, or any other modification or 
variation to the terms of the Notes. 
The FMSA specifies the order in which the bail-in tool should be applied, reflecting the hierarchy of capital 
instruments under the capital requirements regime and otherwise respecting the hierarchy of claims in an 
ordinary insolvency. 
The bail-in tool contains an express safeguard (known as "no creditor worse off") with the aim that 
shareholders and creditors do not receive a less favourable treatment than they would have received in 
ordinary insolvency proceedings. However, even in circumstances where a claim for compensation is 
established under the "no creditor worse off" safeguard in accordance with a valuation performed after the 
resolution action has been taken, it is unlikely that such compensation would be equivalent to the full losses 
incurred by the Noteholders in the resolution and there can be no assurance that Noteholders would recover 
such compensation promptly.  
The determination that all or part of the principal amount of the Notes will be subject to the bail-in tool may 
be unpredictable and may be outside of the Issuer's control. Accordingly, trading behaviour in respect of the 
Notes which are subject to such write-down or conversion powers is not necessarily expected to follow 
trading behaviour associated with other types of securities.  
The exercise of the bail-in tool in respect of the Issuer and the Notes or any suggestion of any such exercise 
could materially adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the 
Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes and could lead to Noteholders 
losing some or all of the value of their investment in such Notes. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Terms and Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions also provide that the Issuer and the Agent may, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach 
of, any of the relevant Terms and Conditions (not being a modification, waiver or authorisation requiring the 
approval of a meeting of Noteholders) of any of the provisions of Notes which is not materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Noteholders, (ii) any modification of the Notes which is of a formal, minor or technical

--- Page 74 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 68 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law or (iii) any 
modifications to the Agency Agreement and the relevant Terms and Conditions as may be required in order 
to give effect to Condition 3(f) in connection with effecting any Alternative Reference Rate, Successor Rate, 
Adjustment Spread or related changes.  
As a result of the above, actions may be taken with respect to a Series of Notes with which some holders of 
such Notes may not agree. 
Ranking of the Notes 
On 18 April 2023, the European Council (the "EC") published its legislative proposal on the review of the 
crisis management and deposit insurance ("CMDI") framework, which aim at further preserving financial 
stability, protecting taxpayers and depositors, and supporting the real economy and its competitiveness. It 
considers, amongst others, the introduction of legal preference in insolvency to other categories of deposits 
currently not mentioned in Article 108(1) BRRD. Holders of Notes currently rank pari passu with depositors 
of the Issuer (other than in respect of preferred and covered deposits). If implemented as proposed, one 
element of the proposal would mean that the Notes will no longer rank pari passu with any deposits of the 
Issuer; instead, the Notes will rank junior in right of payment to the claims of all depositors. As such, there 
may be an increased risk of an investor in Notes losing all or some of their investment. The proposal, if 
implemented, may also lead to a rating downgrade of the Notes if they were to rank junior to the deposits 
currently not mentioned in Article 108(1) BRRD. See also "Credit ratings may not reflect all risks, which 
may lead to investors making an investment decision based on incomplete information.". However, there is 
a high degree of uncertainty with regards to the proposed adjustments to the CMDI framework and when 
they will be finally implemented in the EU. Therefore, the exact impact of these adjustments and the potential 
effects on the Issuer cannot be assessed yet. 
Change of law 
Notes will be governed by the laws of The Netherlands. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any 
possible judicial decision or change to the laws of The Netherlands or administrative practice after the date 
of this Base Prospectus (and any supplement to it and/or applicable Final Terms for the relevant Notes). 
Such changes in law may include changes in statutory, tax and regulatory regimes during the life of the 
Notes, which may have an adverse effect on an investment in the Notes. 
In particular, certain changes in law or regulation would entitle the Issuer, at its option to redeem the Notes, 
as applicable, in whole but not in part, as provided under Condition 5(b). 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. 
In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the

--- Page 75 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 69 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may 
not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need 
to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination that 
is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Reliance on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other nominee service 
providers for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes that may be held by or 
on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or, in respect of CMU Notes, the Hong Kong 
Monetary Authority as operator of the Central Moneymarkets Unit Service (the "CMU Operator"). Except 
in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive definitive 
Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU Operator, as applicable, will maintain records 
of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, 
investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or the CMU Operator, as applicable. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment 
obligations under the Notes by making payments to or to the order of the common depositary or common 
safekeeper (as applicable) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU Operator, as applicable, 
for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU Operator, as applicable, to receive 
payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. Any failure by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU Operator to transfer payments under any Notes to investors could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes or result in losses. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant 
Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU Operator, as applicable, to appoint appropriate proxies. There 
can be no assurance that procedures implemented for the granting of such proxies will be sufficient to enable 
investors to vote on any matters affecting their interests on a timely basis. 
Furthermore, should a Note be accelerated in the circumstances described in Condition 8 (Events of Default) 
where any Note is still represented by a Global Note, only investors which are accountholders holding their 
Notes so represented and credited to their account with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU 
Operator, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer ("direct rights"). Any other investors 
in the Notes will have to rely upon the nominee service provider which is the accountholder with Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/ or the CMU Operator through which such investor made arrangements to

--- Page 76 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 70 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
invest in the Notes or should require such nominee service provide to transfer such direct rights to the 
investor. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
The Terms and Conditions state that NatWest Markets Plc will act as Calculation Agent unless another party 
is specified as the Calculation Agent in the applicable Final Terms. If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer, or another affiliate of the Issuer, may also act as Calculation Agent. In the case NatWest Markets 
Plc, the Issuer, or another affiliate of the Issuer, acts as Calculation Agent or as a Determination Agent, 
potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent or the Determination Agent (as 
applicable) and Noteholders, including with respect to certain determinations and judgments that the 
Calculation Agent or the Determination Agent (as applicable) may make pursuant to the Terms and 
Conditions that may influence, inter alia, (i) the amount receivable upon settlement of the Notes and (ii) the 
determination by the Issuer of a Successor Rate or, if the Issuer determines that there is no Successor Rate, 
an Alternative Reference Rate for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (each as defined in Condition 
3(f) (Benchmark replacement)).  
3. Risks related to Notes denominated in CNY  
Set out below is a description of the principal risks which are relevant to an investor in Notes denominated 
in CNY. 
CNY is not completely freely convertible which may adversely affect the liquidity of the Notes 
CNY is not completely freely convertible at present. The PRC government continues to regulate conversion 
between CNY and foreign currencies. However, there has been significant reduction in control by the PRC 
government in recent years, particularly over trade transactions involving import and export of goods and 
services as well as other frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as 
current account items. 
Although the People's Bank of China ("PBoC") has implemented policies improving accessibility to CNY 
to settle cross-border transactions in the past, there is no assurance that the PRC government will liberalise 
control over cross-border remittance of CNY in the future, that the schemes for CNY cross-border utilisation 
will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future which have 
the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of CNY into or out of the PRC. Despite the CNY 
internationalisation pilot programme and efforts in recent years to internationalise the currency, there can be 
no assurance that the PRC government will not impose interim or long-term restrictions on the cross-border 
remittance of CNY. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated out of the PRC in CNY, this may affect the 
overall availability of CNY outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source CNY to finance its 
obligations under Notes denominated in CNY.

--- Page 77 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 71 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
There is only limited availability of CNY outside the PRC 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC government on cross-border CNY fund flows, the 
availability of CNY outside the PRC is limited. While the PBoC has entered into agreements (the 
"Settlement Arrangements") on the clearing of CNY business with financial institutions (the "CNY 
Clearing Banks") in a number of financial centres and cities, including but not limited to Hong Kong, has 
established the Cross-Border Inter-Bank Payments System (CIPS) to facilitate cross-border CNY settlement 
and is further in the process of establishing CNY clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other 
jurisdictions, the current size of CNY denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by PBoC on CNY business participating banks in respect of cross-border 
CNY settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, CNY 
business participating banks do not have direct CNY liquidity support from PBoC, although PBoC has 
gradually allowed participating banks to access the PRC's onshore inter-bank market for the purchase and 
sale of CNY. The CNY Clearing Banks only have limited access to onshore liquidity support from PBoC for 
the purpose of squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions and are not 
obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign exchange 
transactions or conversion services. In cases where the participating banks cannot source sufficient CNY 
through the above channels, they will need to source CNY from outside the PRC to square such open 
positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore CNY market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth is 
subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There is no 
assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Arrangements will not be 
terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of CNY outside the 
PRC. The limited availability of CNY outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the CNY Notes. To the 
extent the Issuer is required to source CNY in the offshore market to service its Notes denominated in CNY, 
there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source such CNY on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
CNY currency risk 
Except in limited circumstances, all payments of CNY under the Notes to an investor will be made solely by 
transfer to a CNY bank account maintained with a Hong Kong bank in accordance with the prevailing rules 
and regulations and in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. The Issuer cannot be required to make 
payment by any other means (including in any other currency or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
In addition, there can be no assurance that access to CNY for the purposes of making payments under the 
Notes by the Issuer or generally may remain or will not become restricted. If it becomes impossible to convert 
CNY from/to another freely convertible currency, or transfer CNY between accounts in Hong Kong, or the 
general CNY exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid, or any CNY clearing and settlement system 
for participating banks in Hong Kong is disrupted or suspended, any payment of CNY under the Notes may 
be delayed or the Issuer may make such payments in another currency selected by the Issuer using an

--- Page 78 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 72 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
exchange rate determined by the Calculation Agent, or the Issuer may need to redeem the Notes by making 
payment in another currency. 
CNY exchange rate risk 
The value of CNY against other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected by changes 
in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other factors. The PBoC has 
in recent years implemented changes to the way it calculates CNY's daily mid-point against the U.S. dollar 
to take into account market-maker quotes before announcing such daily mid-point. This change, and others 
that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of CNY against foreign currencies. All 
payments of interest and principal will be made in CNY in respect of the Notes denominated in CNY unless 
otherwise specified. As a result, the value of such payments in CNY may vary with the changes in the 
prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of CNY depreciates against another foreign 
currency, the value of the investment made by a holder of Notes denominated in CNY in that foreign currency 
will decline. 
Interest rate risk 
The PRC government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate for CNY in markets outside 
the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate for CNY in the PRC as a result of foreign exchange 
controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market conditions.  
As Notes denominated in CNY may carry a fixed interest rate, the trading price of the Notes denominated in 
CNY will consequently vary with the fluctuations in the CNY interest rates. If holders of the Notes 
denominated in CNY propose to sell their Notes before their maturity, they may receive an offer lower than 
the amount they have invested. 
Gains on the transfer of the Notes denominated in CNY may become subject to income taxes under PRC tax 
laws 
Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules, as amended from time to time, any gain realised on the transfer of Notes denominated 
in CNY by non-PRC resident enterprise or individual holders may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax 
("EIT") or PRC individual income tax ("IIT") if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within 
the PRC. The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law levies EIT at the rate of 20 per cent. of the PRC-sourced 
gains derived by such non-PRC resident enterprise from the transfer of Notes denominated in CNY but its 
implementation rules have reduced the EIT rate to 10 per cent. The PRC Individual Income Tax Law levies 
IIT at a rate of 20 per cent. of the PRC-sourced gains derived by such non-PRC resident individual holder 
from the transfer of Notes denominated in CNY. 
However, uncertainty remains as to whether the gain realised from the transfer of Notes denominated in 
CNY by non-PRC resident enterprise or individual holders would be treated as income derived from sources 
within the PRC and thus become subject to EIT or IIT. This will depend on how the PRC tax authorities

--- Page 79 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 73 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
interpret, apply or enforce the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and 
the relevant implementing rules. According to the arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong, for 
avoidance of double taxation, holders who are residents of Hong Kong, including enterprise holders and 
individual holders, will not be subject to EIT or IIT on capital gains derived from a sale or exchange of the 
Notes.  
Therefore, if enterprise or individual resident holders which are non-PRC residents are required to pay PRC 
income tax on gains derived from the transfer of Notes denominated in CNY, unless there is an applicable 
tax treaty between the PRC and the jurisdiction in which such non-PRC enterprise or individual holders of 
Notes denominated in CNY reside that reduces or exempts the relevant EIT or IIT, the value of their 
investment in Notes denominated in CNY may be materially and adversely affected. 
There may be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in the CNY Notes 
In considering whether to invest in the CNY Notes, investors should consult their individual tax advisers 
with regard to the application of PRC tax laws to their particular situations as well as any tax consequences 
arising under the laws of any other tax jurisdictions. The value of the Noteholder's investment in the CNY 
Notes may be materially and adversely affected if the Noteholder is required to pay PRC tax with respect to 
acquiring, holding or disposing of and receiving payments under those CNY Notes. 
C. Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of the material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk, which may be relevant to an investment in any Notes. 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, 
are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies are being issued to a single investor or a limited 
number of investors or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of 
investors. These types of Notes would generally have a more limited secondary market and more price 
volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a material adverse effect on the market value 
of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or

--- Page 80 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 74 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect 
of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks, which may lead to investors making an investment decision based on 
incomplete information 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market and additional factors discussed 
above that may affect the value of the Notes (such as the proposed amendments to the CMDI framework) 
and as such should not be relied upon by investors when making an investment decision. A credit rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time. 
Furthermore, as a result of the CRA Regulation, if the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, 
European regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes 
may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in European regulated investors selling the Notes 
which may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market.

--- Page 81 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 75 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
OTHER INFORMATION FOR INVESTORS 
Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in any Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each 
potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement and all 
information contained in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such 
investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear 
the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and carry with them a high risk. Sophisticated 
institutional investors generally do not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone 
instruments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way to enhance yield with an 
understood, measured and appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor 
should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either 
alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on 
the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Each potential investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risks entailed by 
an investment in any Notes with returns that are calculated with reference to a variable and the 
suitability of such Notes in light of the potential investor's particular circumstances. 
An investment in the Notes may give rise to higher yields than a bank deposit placed with any deposit-
taking entity in the NWM NV Group (as defined below) (a "Bank Deposit"). However, an investment 
in the Notes carries risks which are very different from the risk profile of a Bank Deposit. The Notes

--- Page 82 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 76 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
are expected to have greater liquidity than a Bank Deposit since Bank Deposits are generally not 
transferable. However, the Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may 
never develop. See further "Risk Factors – Risk Factors relating to the Notes - Risks relating to the 
market generally – The secondary market generally". Investments in the Notes do not benefit from any 
protection provided pursuant to Directive 2014/49/EU or any national implementing measures 
implementing this Directive in any jurisdiction. Therefore, if the Issuer becomes insolvent or defaults 
on its obligations, investors investing in such Notes in a worst case scenario could lose their entire 
investment. Further, under the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel 
toezicht, "FMSA") holders of the Notes may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity on any 
application of the general bail-in tool, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their 
investment. See further "Risk Factors – Risk Factors relating to the Notes – Risks related to the structure 
of a particular issue of Notes – The Notes may be written down or converted into ordinary shares". 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) 
Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing 
and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of 
Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, one or more relevant Dealers (if any) (the 
"Stabilising Manager(s)") (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) may over-
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level 
higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of 
the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 
days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-
allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf 
of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Each Noteholder must act independently as Noteholders do not have the benefit of a trustee. Because 
the Notes will not be issued pursuant to an indenture, Noteholders will not have the benefit of a trustee 
to act upon their behalf and each Noteholder will be responsible for acting independently with respect 
to certain matters affecting such Noteholder's Note, including accelerating the maturity thereof upon 
the occurrence of an event of default, enforcing any other terms contained therein and responding to

--- Page 83 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 77 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
any requests for consents, waivers or amendments. See Condition 8 (Events of default) and the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID II Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers (in each case, in such capacity) nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "UK 
distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the applicable Final 
Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation"),

--- Page 84 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 78 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the applicable Final 
Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provision of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
Benchmarks Regulation – Interest payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain 
reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, 
the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the 
Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required 
to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration 
status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SFA – The applicable Final 
Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product 
Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"). The 
Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" as 
defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being 
offered for purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.

--- Page 85 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 79 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
The Issuer is not a bank nor an authorised deposit-taking institution which is authorised under the Banking 
Act 1959 (Cth) of Australia (the "Australian Banking Act") nor is it authorised to carry on banking business 
under the Australian Banking Act. The Notes are not obligations of any government and, in particular, are 
not guaranteed by the Commonwealth of Australia. The Issuer is not supervised by the Australian Prudential 
Regulation Authority. Notes that are offered for issue or sale or transferred in, or into, Australia are offered 
only in circumstances that would not require disclosure to investors under Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the 
Corporations Act and issued and transferred in compliance with the terms of the exemption from compliance 
with section 66 of the Australian Banking Act that is available to the Issuer. Such Notes are issued or 
transferred in, or into, Australia in parcels of not less than A$500,000 in aggregate principal amount. An 
investment in any Notes issued by the Issuer will not be covered by the depositor protection provisions in 
section 13A of the Australian Banking Act and will not entitle Noteholders to claim under the financial claims 
scheme under Division 2AA of the Australian Banking Act. 
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS – The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or 
deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-
106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, 
as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any supplement or amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within 
the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser 
should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory 
for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal adviser. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes 
already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be 
(1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation or by a 
credit rating agency which is certified under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In 
general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation 
or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency

--- Page 86 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 80 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
not established in the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors 
are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
which is certified under the CRA Regulation. 
Forward-looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus, including certain documents incorporated by reference herein, contains forward-
looking statements within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, 
such as statements that include without limitation, the words "expect", "estimate", "project", "anticipate", 
"commit", "believe", "should", "intend", "will", "plan", "could", "probability", "risk", "Value-at-Risk (VaR)", 
"target", "goal", "objective", "may", "endeavour", "outlook", "optimistic", "prospects" and similar 
expressions or variations on these expressions. These statements concern or may affect future matters, such 
as the NatWest Group and the NWM NV Group's future economic results, business plans and current 
strategies. In particular, this Base Prospectus, including certain documents incorporated by reference herein, 
may include forward-looking statements relating to NatWest Group and NWM NV Group (each as defined 
herein) in respect of, but not limited to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, NatWest Group and NWM 
NV Group's regulatory capital position and funding requirements, financial position, ongoing litigation and 
regulatory investigations, profitability and financial performance (including financial performance targets, 
expectations and cost savings), the NWM Group refocusing and implementation of NatWest Group's 
Purpose-led Strategy, its ESG and climate-related targets, NWM NV Group's reliance on the NatWest Group 
for capital, liquidity and funding support, structural reform and the implementation of the UK ring-fencing 
regime, the implementation of the NatWest Group and NWM NV Group's restructuring and transformation 
programme, impairment losses and credit exposures under certain specified scenarios, increasing 
competition from new incumbents and disruptive technologies and the NatWest Group and the NWM NV 
Group's exposure to political and economic risks (including with respect to Brexit), operational risk, conduct 
risk, cyber and IT risk and credit rating risk. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks 
and uncertainties that might cause actual results and performance to differ materially from any expected 
future results or performance expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could 
cause or contribute to differences in current expectations include, but are not limited to, the impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic, the outcome of legal, regulatory and governmental actions and investigations, 
legislative, political, fiscal and regulatory developments, accounting standards, competitive conditions, 
technological developments, interest and exchange rate fluctuations and general economic and political 
conditions and the impact of climate-related risks and the transitioning to a low carbon economy. These and 
other factors, risks and uncertainties that may impact any forward-looking statement or the NWM NV 
Group's actual results are discussed in this Base Prospectus. The forward-looking statements contained in 
this Base Prospectus, including certain documents incorporated by reference herein, speak only as of the 
date of such document and the NatWest Group and the NWM NV Group do not assume or undertake any

--- Page 87 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 81 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
obligation or responsibility to update any of the forward-looking statements contained in this document, 
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent legally required. 
Responsibility 
The Issuer, registered at Claude Debussylaan 94, 1082 MD Amsterdam, The Netherlands, accepts 
responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus (including any Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement) and, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus (including 
any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus (including 
any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) makes no omission likely to affect its import.

--- Page 88 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 82 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have been (1) previously published and (2) approved by the AFM or filed 
with it, shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the 
articles 
of 
association 
of 
the 
Issuer, 
which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from 
https://investors.natwestgroup.com/fixed-income-investors/high-level-legal-entity-structure.aspx; 
(b) 
the terms and conditions (including the form of final terms) set out on pages 67-124 of the base 
prospectus prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme dated 23 August 2023, which 
can be obtained from https://investors.natwestgroup.com/~/media/Files/R/RBS-IR-V2/senior-
securities/nwm-nv-emtn-2023-base-prospectus-23-august-2023.pdf; 
(c) 
the report titled "NatWest Markets N.V. Interim Results 2024" (the "2024 Interim Financial 
Report"), which can be obtained from https://investors.natwestgroup.com/~/media/Files/R/RBS-IR-
V2/results-center/26072024/nwm-nv-h1-results.pdf; 
(d) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of NWM NV, together with the independent auditor's 
report thereon, for the year ended 31 December 2022, set forth in the section entitled "Financial 
Statements" on pages 64 up to and including 110 and the section entitled ''Independent Auditor's 
Report'' on pages 128 up to and including 137 and the section entitled "Risk and Capital Management" 
on pages 19 up to and including 54 (only where information is identified as "audited") of NWM NV's 
2022 
annual 
report, 
which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from 
https://investors.natwestgroup.com/~/media/Files/R/RBS-IR-V2/results-center/17022023/nwmnv-
annual-report-v1.pdf; and 
(e) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of NWM NV, together with the independent auditor's 
report thereon, for the year ended 31 December 2023, set forth in the section entitled "Financial 
Statements" on pages 65 up to and including 110 and the section entitled ''Independent Auditor's 
Report'' on pages 129 up to and including 137 and the section entitled "Risk and Capital Management" 
on pages 18 up to and including 53 (only where information is identified as "audited") of NWM NV's 
2023 annual report (the "2023 Financial Statements"), which can be obtained from 
https://investors.natwestgroup.com/~/media/Files/R/RBS-IR-V2/results-center/16022024/nwmnv-
annual-report.pdf. 
Any information or other documents themselves incorporated by reference, either expressly or implicitly, in 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus 
and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM, except where such information or other documents 
are specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
It should be noted that, except as set forth above, no other portion of the above documents is incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus. In addition, where sections of any of the above documents which are 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus cross-reference other sections of the same document,

--- Page 89 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 83 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
such cross-referenced information shall not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise incorporated 
by reference herein. Those parts of the documents incorporated by reference which are not specifically 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are either not relevant for prospective investors in the 
Notes or the information is included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Any statements on the Issuer's 
competitive position included in a document which is incorporated by reference herein and where no external 
source is identified are based on the Issuer's internal assessment of generally available information. 
The Issuer will provide, without charge, to each person to whom a copy of this Base Prospectus has been 
delivered, upon the oral or written request of such person, a copy of any or all of the information which is 
incorporated herein by reference. Written or oral requests for such information should be directed to the 
Issuer at: NatWest Markets N.V., Claude Debussylaan 94, 1082 MD Amsterdam, The Netherlands. This Base 
Prospectus and copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can also be obtained 
from https://investors.natwestgroup.com/regulatory-news/company-announcements. The other information 
included on or linked to through this website or in any website referred to in this Base Prospectus, any Final 
Terms or in any document incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus is not a part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM.

--- Page 90 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 84 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
SUPPLEMENTAL PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new prospectus in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. The Issuer has undertaken to the 
Dealers in the Programme Agreement (as defined in "Subscription and Sale") that it will comply with Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify 
or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified 
or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 91 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 85 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Tranche will be in bearer form. Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance 
on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S").  
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global 
Note or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global Note which, in either case, will, 
(i) if the global Notes are to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the 
Tranche to the Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; (ii) if the global Notes are 
to be issued in CGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to the Common 
Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; and (iii) if the global Notes are to be issued in 
respect of CMU Notes, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to the sub-custodian 
for the CMU. Delivering the global Notes in NGN form to the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. Whilst any Note is represented by a 
temporary global Note, payments of principal and interest (if any) due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made (against presentation of the temporary global Note if the temporary global Note is issued 
in CGN form) outside the United States and its possessions only to the extent that certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury regulations (in the form referred to in the temporary global 
Note) has been received by (in the case of Notes other than CMU Notes) Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or (in the case of CMU Notes) the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent. See the description of 
"CMU" in "General Information and Recent Developments" for further details of the process for certification 
of non-U.S. beneficial ownership in relation to CMU Notes. 
If the global Note is issued in CGN form, upon the initial deposit of a global Note with the Common 
Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of 
Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. If the global Note is issued 
in NGN form, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in 
the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. If the global Note is issued in respect of CMU Notes, 
upon initial lodgement of a global Note with a sub-custodian of the CMU, the CMU will credit the account 
maintained by each initial purchaser with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof 
for which it has subscribed and paid. The records of such clearing systems shall be conclusive evidence of 
the nominal amount of Notes represented by the global Note and a statement issued by a clearing system at 
any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of such clearing system at that time. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after the date on which the temporary global 
Note is issued, interests in the temporary global Note will be exchangeable either for (a) interests in a 
permanent global Note without Coupons or Talons or (b) for definitive Notes (where the applicable Final 
Terms so permit), in each case, against certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership as required by U.S. 
Treasury regulations in accordance with the terms set out in the temporary global Note, unless such

--- Page 92 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 86 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
certification has already been given as described in the last sentence of the first paragraph above. The holder 
of a temporary global Note will not be entitled to receive any payment of interest or principal due on or after 
the Exchange Date. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below), in the 
case of Notes other than CMU Notes, the Agent or, in the case of CMU Notes, the CMU Lodging and Paying 
Agent (each as so defined) shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued, the Notes of such 
Tranche shall be assigned a common code, ISIN and/or, in the case of CMU Notes only, a CMU instrument 
number (as the case may be) which are different from the common code, ISIN and/or CMU instrument 
number (as the case may be) assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series and shall remain 
different until at least 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes of such further Tranche 
as certified by, in the case of Notes other than CMU Notes, the Agent or, in the case of CMU Notes, the 
CMU Lodging and Paying Agent to the relevant Dealer(s). Payments of principal and interest (if any) on a 
permanent global Note will be made, in the case of Notes other than CMU Notes, through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the permanent global 
Note if the permanent global Note is in CGN form) or, in the case of CMU Notes, in accordance with the 
rules of the CMU, in any case outside the United States and without any requirement for certification. Where 
the applicable Final Terms so permit, a permanent global Note will be exchangeable in whole or (subject to 
the Notes which continue to be represented by the permanent global Note being regarded by, in the case of 
Notes other than CMU Notes, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or, in the case of CMU Notes, the 
CMU as fungible with the definitive Notes issued in partial exchange for such permanent global Note) in 
part, for security-printed definitive Notes with, where applicable, Coupons and Talons attached, either (a) on 
60 days' notice given at any time, from (in the case of Notes other than CMU Notes) Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such permanent global 
Note) to the Agent or (in the case of CMU Notes) the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such permanent global Note given through the CMU in accordance 
with its rules), in any case as described therein or (b) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. 
For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means: 
(A) 
in the case of issues of Notes which have denominations of a minimum Specified Denomination plus 
one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, (i) that an Event of Default (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below) has 
occurred and is continuing or (ii) that the Issuer has been notified that, in the case of Notes other than 
CMU Notes, both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have or, in the case of CMU Notes, the 
CMU has been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, 
statutory or otherwise) or have/has announced an intention permanently to cease business or have/has 
in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available; and 
(B) 
in the case of all other issues of Notes, (i) that an Event of Default (as defined in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" below) has occurred and is continuing, or (ii) that the Issuer has been notified

--- Page 93 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 87 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
that, in the case of Notes other than CMU Notes, both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have 
or, in the case of CMU Notes, the CMU has been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 
days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have/has announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have/has in fact done so and no successor clearing system is 
available or (iii) at the option of the Issuer at any time. 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that for the purposes of a particular permanent global Note, the 
definition of "Exchange Event" shall be "that the Issuer has been notified that, in the case of Notes other than 
CMU Notes, both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have or, in the case of CMU Notes, the CMU 
has been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise and no successor clearing system is available)" (the "Limited Exchange Event"). 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 if an Exchange Event 
described in (i) or (ii) in each of subparagraphs (A) and (B) above occurs or if it decides to exercise its option 
described in (iii) in subparagraph (B) above. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, in the case 
of Notes other than CMU Notes, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or, in the case of CMU Notes, 
the CMU (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give 
notice to, in the case of Notes other than CMU Notes, the Agent or, in the case of CMU Notes, the CMU 
Lodging and Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as 
described in (iii) in subparagraph (B) above, the Issuer may give notice to, in the case of Notes other than 
CMU Notes, the Agent or, in the case of CMU Notes, the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice by, in the case of Notes other than CMU Notes, the Agent or, in the case of CMU Notes, the CMU 
Lodging and Paying Agent. 
Global Notes and definitive Notes will be issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement. No definitive Note 
delivered in exchange for a permanent global Note will be mailed or otherwise delivered to any location in 
the United States in connection with such exchange. At the date hereof, none of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the CMU regards Notes in global form as fungible with Notes in definitive form. 
Temporary global Notes, permanent global Notes and definitive Notes will be authenticated and delivered 
by, in the case of Notes other than CMU Notes, the Agent or, in the case of CMU Notes, the CMU Lodging 
and Paying Agent on behalf of the Issuer. 
If, in respect of any Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms specifies that a global Note may be 
exchanged for definitive Notes in circumstances other than upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event, such 
Notes will be issued with only one Specified Denomination or all Specified Denominations of such Notes 
will be an integral multiple of the lowest Specified Denomination, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Save where TEFRA is stated to be "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the following legend will 
appear on all permanent global Notes and definitive bearer Notes which have an original maturity of more 
than 365 days and on all Coupons and Talons relating to such Notes:

--- Page 94 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 88 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT 
TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING 
THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL 
REVENUE CODE." 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount 
of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in 
the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Agent and any Paying Agent (as defined in 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below) as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all 
purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal (including premium (if any)) and interest on 
such Notes, the right to which shall be vested, as against the Issuer and any Paying Agent, solely in the bearer 
of the global Note in accordance with and subject to its terms and the expressions "Noteholder", "holder of 
Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note held by or on behalf of the CMU Operator, 
each person for whose account a relevant interest in such global Note is credited as being held by the CMU 
Operator, as notified to the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent by the CMU Operator in a relevant CMU Issue 
Position Report or in any other relevant notification by the CMU Operator shall be deemed to be the holder 
of a corresponding nominal amount of such Notes (and the holder of the relevant global Note shall not be 
deemed to be the holder) for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on 
such Notes, the right to which shall be vested, as against the Issuer and the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent, 
solely in the bearer of such global Note and for which purpose the bearer of such global Note shall be deemed 
to be the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to its terms and the 
expressions "Noteholder", "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. For 
these purposes, a notification from the CMU shall be conclusive and binding evidence of the identity of any 
holder of Notes and the nominal amount of any Notes represented by such global Note credited to its account 
(save in the case of manifest error). 
Notes which are represented by a global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the CMU, as the case 
may be. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or CMU shall, whenever the context 
so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearance system approved by 
the Issuer and the Agent.

--- Page 95 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 89 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are (subject to completion and other than the paragraphs in italics) the Terms and Conditions 
of Notes which will be (i) incorporated by reference into each global Note and (ii) endorsed upon each 
definitive Note (if any) or incorporated therein by reference. The following Terms and Conditions are subject 
to completion in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Final Terms or completion, replacement 
or modification in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Pricing Supplement (each as defined 
below) in relation to any Notes. Reference should be made to the section headed "Form of Final Terms" and 
"Form of Pricing Supplement" for the forms of Final Terms and Pricing Supplement, as applicable, which 
will include the definition of certain terms used in the following Terms and Conditions.  
In these Terms and Conditions, the expression "Notes" shall mean (i) in relation to any Notes represented by 
a global Note, units of each Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency (each as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms (as defined below)) of the relevant Notes, (ii) definitive Notes issued in exchange for 
a temporary global Note or a permanent global Note and (iii) any global Note.  
Interest bearing definitive Notes will have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, if applicable, talons for further 
Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupon(s) or Couponholder(s) (as defined 
below) shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talon(s) or 
Talonholder(s) (as defined below), respectively. Any reference herein to "Noteholders" shall mean the 
holders of the Notes, and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, be construed as 
provided below. 
The Notes, Coupons and Talons have the benefit of an agency agreement dated 20 August 2024, as modified 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, made between NatWest Markets N.V. (the "Issuer") 
and The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as agent (the "Agent", which expression shall include 
any successor as agent), The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as a further paying 
agent, The Bank of New York Mellon, Hong Kong Branch as CMU lodging agent and paying agent (the 
"CMU Lodging and Paying Agent", which expression shall include any successor CMU Lodging and 
Paying Agent) (the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent together with the Agent and The Bank of New York 
Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch and any additional or successor paying agent(s), the "Paying Agents") 
(such Agreement as further amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, the "Agency 
Agreement"). Payments in respect of the Notes will be made under the Agency Agreement. 
Notes may be issued at such times as shall be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) pursuant 
to a programme agreement dated 20 August 2024 between the Issuer and the Dealers named therein. The 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) shall, prior to the time of issue of any Notes, agree upon the relevant 
provisions of the Notes to be issued pursuant to the terms set out below, such provisions to be indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms (as defined below). 
The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Notes for which no prospectus is required 
to be published under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") ("Exempt Notes"), may

--- Page 96 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 90 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
specify terms and conditions other than those set out herein which shall, to the extent so specified or to the 
extent inconsistent with these Terms and Conditions, replace or modify these Terms and Conditions for the 
purpose of such Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, the Final Terms in relation to each Tranche of Notes 
(other than Exempt Notes) shall not modify or replace the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as set out 
herein. The applicable Final Terms (which term in these Terms and Conditions in relation to Exempt Notes 
shall be deemed to refer to the applicable Pricing Supplement where relevant, as set out below) (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) will be attached hereto or endorsed hereon. 
References herein to the "applicable Final Terms" are to Part A of the Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, Part A of the Pricing Supplement) attached hereto or endorsed hereon and expressions defined or used 
in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) shall have 
the same meanings in these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated. 
The following statements are summaries of the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms. Copies of the Agency Agreement (which contains the forms of the Notes, Coupons 
and Talons and the form of the Final Terms for each issue of Notes) will be available for inspection, free of 
charge, during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. A copy of the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to Notes may be obtained from the specified office of each of the Paying 
Agents. The Noteholders, the holders of the Coupons (the "Couponholders") and the holders of the Talons 
(the "Talonholders") will be deemed to have notice of, and will be entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement, which will be binding on them. Words and expressions defined in the Agency 
Agreement shall have the same meanings where used herein unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated. 
As used herein, "Series" means the Notes of each original issue of Notes together with the Notes of any 
further issues expressed to be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes of an original issue and 
which are denominated in the same currency and the terms of which (save for the Issue Date, the Interest 
Commencement Date or the Issue Price) are otherwise identical (including whether or not they are listed on 
any stock exchange) and shall be deemed to include the temporary and permanent global Notes and the 
definitive Notes of such Series; and the expressions "Notes of the relevant Series" and "holders of Notes 
of the relevant Series" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. As used herein, "Tranche" 
means all Notes of the same Series with the same Issue Date, Interest Commencement Date and Issue Price. 
As used herein, "CNY" and "Renminbi" each mean the lawful currency of the PRC and "PRC" means the 
People's Republic of China which, for the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, excludes the Hong Kong 
Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macao Special Administrative Region of the PRC and 
Taiwan. 
As used herein, "Calculation Agent" means NatWest Markets Plc or any other person specified as the 
calculation agent in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 97 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 91 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified 
Currency and the Specified Denomination(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
This Note may (i) bear interest calculated by reference to one or more fixed rates of interest (such Note, a 
"Fixed Rate Note"), (ii) bear interest calculated by reference to, in the case of an initial period, an initial 
fixed rate of interest and, thereafter, the applicable fixed rate of interest that has been determined pursuant 
to the reset provisions contained in these Terms and Conditions, by reference to a mid-market swap rate for 
the Specified Currency (such Note, a "Reset Note"), (iii) bear interest calculated by reference to one or more 
floating rates of interest (such Note, a "Floating Rate Note"), (iv) be issued on a non-interest bearing basis 
and be offered and sold at a discount to its nominal amount (such Note, a "Zero Coupon Note") or (v) be a 
combination of any of the foregoing. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer, the Replacement 
Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement) and any Paying Agent may (to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or 
not such Note or Coupon shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon 
or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any global Note, without 
prejudice to the provisions set out in the next two succeeding paragraphs. The holder of each Coupon, 
whether or not such Coupon is attached to a Note, shall be subject to and bound by all the provisions 
contained in the relevant Note. 
For so long as any of the Notes of this Tranche is represented by a global Note (including Notes issued in 
new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each person who 
is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a 
particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of 
any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated 
by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes 
other than with respect to the payment of principal and interest on such Notes, the right to which shall be 
vested, as against the Issuer and any Paying Agent, solely in the bearer of the relevant global Note in 
accordance with and subject to its terms (and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly). Notes which are represented by a global Note will be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
For so long as any of the Notes in this Tranche is represented by a global Note held by or on behalf of the 
Hong Kong Monetary Authority as operator (the "CMU Operator") of the Central Moneymarkets Unit 
Service ("CMU"), each person for whose account a relevant interest in such global Note is credited as being 
held by the CMU Operator, as notified to the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent by the CMU Operator in a

--- Page 98 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 92 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
relevant CMU Issue Position Report or in any other relevant notification by the CMU Operator (which 
notification, in either case, shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the CMU Operator save in the case 
of manifest error) shall be deemed to be the holder of a corresponding nominal amount of the Notes (and the 
holder of the relevant global Note shall not be deemed to be the holder) for all purposes other than with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest on such Notes, the right to which shall be vested, as against 
the Issuer and the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent, solely in the bearer of such global Note and for which 
purpose the bearer of such global Note shall be deemed to be the holder of such nominal amount of such 
Notes in accordance with and subject to its terms (and the expressions "Noteholder", "holder of Notes" and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly). For these purposes, a notification from the CMU shall 
be conclusive and binding evidence of the identity of any holder of Notes and the nominal amount of any 
Notes represented by such global Note credited to its account (save in the case of manifest error). 
Any reference to "CMU Notes" means Notes denominated in any currency which the CMU accepts for 
settlement from time to time that are, or are intended to be, initially cleared through the CMU. 
Any reference to "Euroclear" and/or "Clearstream, Luxembourg" and/or "CMU" shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
approved by the Issuer and the Agent. 
2 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and the Coupons relating thereto (if any) constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves 
and with all other present and future direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer save for those preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law. 
3 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrear 
on the date(s) so specified in the applicable Final Terms on which interest is payable in each year 
(each, an "Interest Payment Date") (subject to adjustment as described below) and on the Maturity 
Date so specified if that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. If the Notes are in definitive form, 
except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date will be the Fixed Coupon Amount if one is specified in the applicable Final Terms. The 
first payment of interest will be made on the Interest Payment Date next following the Interest 
Commencement Date and, if the period from the Interest Commencement Date to such Interest 
Payment Date differs from the period between subsequent Interest Payment Dates, the amount of the 
first interest payment will be the initial Broken Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the 
Maturity Date is not an Interest Payment Date, interest from (and including) the preceding Interest

--- Page 99 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 93 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be) to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date will be the final Broken Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Modified Following Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
(x) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date (or other date) should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date (or other date) would otherwise 
fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. Unless the applicable Final Terms specify that the Business 
Day Convention is "adjusted", any such adjustment to an Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall 
not affect the amount of interest payable in respect of a Fixed Rate Note and, for the purposes of the 
determination of any amount in respect of interest and the applicable Day Count Fraction, the number 
of days in the relevant period shall be calculated on the basis that no adjustment has been made to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date (or other date).  
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form comprises more than one Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of 
the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the 
Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 3(a): 
(i) 
If "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Issue Date or, if 
different from the Issue Date, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
relevant payment date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in

--- Page 100 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 94 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in 
one calendar year assuming interest was to be payable in respect of the whole of that 
year; or 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
commencing on the last Interest Payment Date on which interest was paid (or, if none, 
the Issue Date or, if different from the Issue Date, the Interest Commencement Date), 
the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year assuming interest was to be payable in 
respect of the whole of that year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year assuming interest was to be payable in respect of the whole of 
that year; 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the relevant period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Issue Date or, if 
different from the Issue Date, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant 
payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 
12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
(iii) 
if "RBA Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, one divided by the number of 
Interest Payment Dates in each twelve-month period (or, where the calculation period does not 
constitute an Interest Period, the actual number of days in the calculation period divided by 
365 (or, if any portion of the calculation period falls in a leap year, the sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the calculation period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366; and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the calculation period falling in a 
non-leap year dived by 365)); and 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365.

--- Page 101 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 95 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
In this Condition: 
"Business Day" has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(c)(i); 
"Determination Period" means the period from (and including) a Determination Date (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) to (but excluding) the next Determination Date; 
"euro" has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(c)(i); and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one 
cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Reset Note bears interest:  
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms until (but excluding) the First Reset Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial 
Rate of Interest;  
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the first Subsequent 
Reset Date or, if no Subsequent Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Maturity Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per annum equal to the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the date(s) so specified in the applicable Final Terms on 
which interest is payable in each year (each an "Interest Payment Date") (subject to 
adjustment as described in the second paragraph of Condition 3(a)) and on the Maturity Date 
if that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the amount of interest 
(the "Interest Amount") payable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (A) in the case 
of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the 
provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 3(a) and, for such purposes, 
references in the second and third paragraphs of Condition 3(a) to "Fixed Rate Notes" shall be 
deemed to be to "Reset Notes" and Condition 3(a) shall be construed accordingly.  
In these Terms and Conditions: 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 102 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 96 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the first Subsequent Reset Date or, if no Subsequent Reset Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 3(b)(ii)(B) (if applicable), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and 
the First Margin, adjusted if necessary in accordance with market convention in the manner 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Initial Mid-Swap Rate" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Mid-Swap Rate Basis 
(calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency 
as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction 
in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period 
and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of 
good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means either (i) the Reference Rate specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or (ii) if no such Reference Rate is specified, EURIBOR if the 
Specified Currency is euro; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 
3(b)(ii), either: 
(A) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps 
in the Specified Currency: 
(1) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(2) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or

--- Page 103 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 97 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
(B) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap 
rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(1) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and  
(2) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately the Reset Determination Time on such Reset Determination 
Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Non-Sterling Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reset Period and related 
Reset Determination Date, the rate per annum equal to the yield to maturity or interpolated 
yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reset Reference Bond, assuming a 
price for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal 
to the Reset Reference Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date; 
"Original Mid-Swap Rate Basis" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. In the 
case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, the Original Mid-Swap Rate Basis shall be annual, 
semi-annual, quarterly or monthly;  
"Rate of Interest" means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer 
(following, where practicable, consultation with an investment bank or financial institution of 
international repute determined to be appropriate by the Issuer, which, for avoidance of doubt, 
could be the Calculation Agent), or the affiliates of such banks, which are (i) primary 
government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent), of the bid and offered prices for the Reset Reference 
Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) as at the Reset 
Determination Time on such Reset Determination Date and, if relevant, on a dealing basis for 
settlement that is customarily used at such time and quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent 
by such Reference Government Bond Dealer;

--- Page 104 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 98 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as applicable), in 
each case as adjusted (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with 
Condition 3(a) as if the relevant Reset Date was an Interest Payment Date; 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the First Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, 
the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period; 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may 
be; 
"Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate" has the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Reset Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period a government security or securities 
issued by the government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, 
if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer (after consultation 
with an investment bank or financial institution of international repute determined to be 
appropriate by the Issuer, which, for avoidance of doubt, could be the Calculation Agent) as 
having the nearest actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period 
and that (in the opinion of the Issuer) would be utilised, at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt 
securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the relevant 
Reset Period; 
"Reset Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date: 
(A) 
the arithmetic average (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of the Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after 
excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations; 
or  
(B) 
if fewer than five but more than one such Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations are received, the arithmetic average (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) of all such quotations; or  
(C) 
if only one Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation is received, such quotation; 
or 
(D) 
if no Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received when U.S. Treasury 
Rate does not apply, in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest, the Initial Reference 
Rate and, in the case of any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, the Reset Reference 
Rate as at the last preceding Reset Date, or when U.S. Treasury Rate does apply, the

--- Page 105 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 99 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
(E) 
U.S. Treasury Rate shall be determined in accordance with the second paragraph in the 
definition of U.S. Treasury Rate;  
"Reset Reference Rate" means one of (i) the Mid-Swap Rate, (ii) the Sterling Reference Bond 
Rate, (iii) the Non-Sterling Reference Bond Rate or (iv) the U.S. Treasury Rate, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Sterling Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reset Period and related Reset 
Determination Date, the gross redemption yield in respect of the Reset Reference Bond 
expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis set out by the 
UK Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields", 
page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; Double dated and Undated 
Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" (published on 8 June 
1998 and updated on 15 January 2002 and 16 March 2005, and as further amended, updated, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time) or, if such basis is no longer in customary market 
usage at such time, a gross redemption yield calculated in accordance with generally accepted 
market practice at such time as determined by the Issuer following consultation with an 
investment bank or financial institution of international repute determined to be appropriate 
by the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt, could be the Calculation Agent), on an annual 
or semi-annual (as the case may be) compounding basis (rounded up (if necessary) to four 
decimal places) of the Reset Reference Bond in respect of that Reset Period, assuming a price 
for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the 
Reset Reference Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date; 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the first Subsequent Reset 
Date to (but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date (or, if none, the Maturity Date), and 
each successive period from (and including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date (or, if none, the Maturity Date);  
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 3(b)(ii) (if applicable), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference 
Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin, adjusted if necessary in accordance with market 
convention in the manner determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
"U.S. Treasury Rate" means, with respect to any Reset Period and related Reset 
Determination Date, the rate per annum calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: (1) the

--- Page 106 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 100 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
average of the yields on actively traded U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity, 
for a maturity comparable with the Reset Period, for the five business days immediately prior 
to the Reset Determination Date and appearing under the caption "Treasury constant 
maturities" at the Reset Determination Time on the Reset Determination Date in the applicable 
most recently published statistical release designated "H.15 Daily Update", or any successor 
publication that is published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System that 
establishes yields on actively traded U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity, 
under the caption "Treasury Constant Maturities", for a maturity comparable with the Reset 
Period; or (2) if such release (or any successor release) is not published during the week 
immediately prior to the Reset Determination Date or does not contain such yields, the rate 
per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Reset Reference Bond, 
calculated using a price for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its 
principal amount) equal to the Reset Reference Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date; 
If the U.S. Treasury Rate cannot be determined, for whatever reason, as described under (1) 
or (2) above, "U.S. Treasury Rate" means the rate in percentage per annum as notified by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer equal to the yield on U.S. Treasury securities having a maturity 
comparable with the Reset Period as set forth in the most recently published statistical release 
designated "H.15 Daily Update" under the caption "Treasury constant maturities" (or any 
successor publication that is published weekly by the Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System and that establishes yields on actively traded U.S. Treasury securities adjusted 
to constant maturity under the caption "Treasury constant maturities" for the maturity 
comparable with the Reset Period) and as at the Reset Determination Time on the last available 
date preceding the Reset Determination Date on which such rate was set forth in such release 
(or any successor release). 
(ii) 
Fallbacks 
Where the Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Reset Reference 
Rate, if on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-
Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page (subject to Condition 3(f)), the Issuer 
shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent 
with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question.  
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the 
relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as 
applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 107 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 101 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation 
Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) shall be determined to be the sum of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation 
provided and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation 
Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph: 
(A) 
in the case of the first Reset Determination Date only, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
will be equal to the sum of: 
(1) 
if Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, (i) the Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (ii) the First 
Margin; 
(2) 
if Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, (i) the Reset Period Maturity 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (ii) the First Margin; or 
(3) 
if Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being applicable, (i) the last observable rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page and (ii) the First Margin; or 
(B) 
 in the case of any Reset Determination Date other than the first Reset Determination 
Date, the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest shall be equal to the sum of: 
(1) 
if Subsequent Reset Rate Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable, (i) the Mid-Swap Rate determined 
on the last preceding Reset Determination Date and (ii) the Subsequent Margin; 
or 
(2) 
if Subsequent Reset Rate Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, (i) the last 
observable rate for swaps in the Specified Currency with a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period which appears on the Relevant Screen Page and (ii) the 
Subsequent Margin, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent taking into consideration all available information 
that it in good faith deems relevant.

--- Page 108 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 102 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(b)(ii) "Reference Banks" means the principal office in 
the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, 
money, securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as 
selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
(iii) 
Notification of First Reset Rate of Interest, Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount 
The Calculation Agent will cause the First Reset Rate of Interest, any Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest and, in respect of a Reset Period, the Interest Amount payable on each Interest 
Payment Date falling in such Reset Period to be notified to the Issuer and the Agent and notice 
thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 12 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day (where a "London 
Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in London) thereafter. 
(iv) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 3(b) by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence of bad faith and wilful default) no liability to the Issuer the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
at the rate equal to the Rate of Interest and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) (each an "Interest Payment Date") in each year 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date 
(each also an "Interest Payment Date") which (save as otherwise mentioned in these 
Terms and Conditions or specified in the applicable Final Terms) falls the number of 
months or such other periods specified as the Interest Period(s) in the applicable Final 
Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.

--- Page 109 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 103 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date (or 
other date) should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date (or other date) would otherwise 
fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in the case where an Interest Period is specified in accordance with the preceding 
paragraph (B), the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other 
date) (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the 
relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in 
the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest 
Payment Date (or other date) shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
the last Business Day of the month in which such Interest Payment Date (or other date) 
would have fallen;  
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day;  
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or 
other date) shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date 
(or other date) shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day, 
save in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for which the final 
Interest Payment Date will not be postponed and interest on that payment will not 
accrue during the period from and after the scheduled final Interest Payment Date; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In this Condition: 
"Business Day" means: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
Amsterdam and the Business Centre(s) (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be; and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day (other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if 
other than London) which, if the Specified Currency is Australian or New Zealand dollars,

--- Page 110 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 104 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively and which, if the Specified Currency is Renminbi, 
shall be Hong Kong or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the real time 
gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system (the "T2") is 
open; 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and 
Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union as amended; and 
"Interest Period" means the period from and including an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to but excluding the next (or first) Interest Payment Date which may or may 
not be the same number of months or other period throughout the life of the Notes. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") payable from time to time in respect of this Note 
if it is a Floating Rate Note will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(iii) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (iii), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Swap Calculation Agent 
for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which: 
If the applicable Final Terms specify either the "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period equal to that Interest Period, unless specified 
otherwise in the applicable Final Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is based on 
the Euro interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR") for a currency, the first day of that 
Interest Period or (ii) in any other case, where not specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA definitions; and 
(D) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an overnight Floating Rate Option, Compounding is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms and:

--- Page 111 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 105 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding Method in 
the applicable Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Lookback is the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b) Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that 
the number of Applicable Business Days, if no such number is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, shall be five; 
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the applicable Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, provided that the number of Observation Period 
Shift Business Days, if no such number is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, shall be five and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, 
if applicable, are the days specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
applicable Final Terms then (a) Compounding with Lockout is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that the 
number of Lockout Period Business Days, if no such number is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, shall be five and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, Averaging 
is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
applicable Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable Business 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that the number of 
Applicable Business Days, if no such number is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, shall be five; 
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the applicable Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Observation Period 
Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days, if no such number is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
shall be five and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the applicable Final Terms; or

--- Page 112 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 106 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
applicable Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that the number of Lockout 
Period Business Days, if no such number is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, shall be five and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are 
the days specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option and Index 
Provisions are specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift shall be applicable and, (a) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that the number of Observation Period 
Shift Business Days, if no such number is specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall 
be five and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are 
the days specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
References in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
If the applicable Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied and the provisions in 
Condition 3(f) will be applicable; and 
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate 
Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" in 
the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the reference to "Calculation 
Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
Unless otherwise defined capitalised terms used in this Condition 3(c)(iii) shall have the 
meaning ascribed to them in the ISDA Definitions. 
As used in this Condition 3(c)(iii):

--- Page 113 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 107 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be 
obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of 
the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as 
published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any 
successor); and 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes which 
reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is not SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below and subject to Condition 3(f), be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR, BBSW, 
BKBM, SHIBOR, HIBOR, CNH HIBOR, SOR, SIBOR, TIBOR, CDOR, STIBOR or 
NIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may 
be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or any successor or replacement page, section, caption, 
column or other part of a particular information service) as at the Specified Time (as defined 
below) on the Interest Determination Date in question (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more such offered quotations are available on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if subparagraph (A) above applies and no such 
offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or, if subparagraph (B) above applies

--- Page 114 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 108 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case 
as at the Specified Time on any Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for 
a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) 
the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period). 
In this paragraph (iv), the expression "Specified Time" means, 11.00 a.m. Brussels time (in 
the case of a determination of EURIBOR), or 10.30 a.m. Sydney time (in the case of a 
determination of BBSW), or 10.45 a.m. New Zealand time (in the case of a determination of 
BKBM), or 11.30 a.m. Beijing time (in the case of a determination of SHIBOR), or 11.15 a.m. 
(Hong Kong time) or if, at or around that time it is notified that the fixing will be published at 
2.30 p.m. (Hong Kong time), then 2.30 p.m. (in the case of a determination of CNH HIBOR), 
11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) (in the case of a determination of HIBOR), 11.00 a.m. Singapore 
time (in the case of a determination of SOR or SIBOR), 11.00 a.m. Tokyo time (in the case of 
a determination of TIBOR), 10.00 a.m. Toronto time (in the case of a determination of CDOR), 
11.00 a.m. Stockholm time (in the case of a determination of STIBOR), or 11.00 a.m. Oslo 
time (in the case of a determination of NIBOR). 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR, SARON, 
TONA or €STR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is SONIA, SOFR, SARON, TONA or €STR: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily", the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"Compounded Daily Reference Rate" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with 
the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and further

--- Page 115 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 109 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
provided for below) as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the Relevant Decimal 
Place: 
቎ෑቀ1 + 𝑟𝑟𝑖𝑖 − 𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝 x 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
𝐷𝐷
ቁ − 1 
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖 = 1
቏ x 𝐷𝐷
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"Business Day" or "BD" is: 
(1) 
where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
(2) 
where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate, any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (or any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading 
in U.S. government securities; 
(3) 
where "SARON" is specified as the Reference Rate, a day on which banks are 
open in the City of Zurich for the settlement of payments and of foreign 
exchange transactions;  
(4) 
where "TONA" is specified as the Reference Rate, any day (other than a 
Saturday and Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
Tokyo; and  
(5) 
where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate, any day on which T2 is open 
for the settlement of payments in euro. 
"D" is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"d" is, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Interest Accrual Period;  
"do" is, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of Business Days in such 
Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 116 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 110 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
"€STR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily euro 
short-term rate for such Business Day as provided by the ECB as the administrator of 
€STR (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the ECB (or any 
successor administrator of such rate) (or, if no longer published on its website, as 
otherwise published by it or provided by it to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day (in each case, at the time specified by, or 
determined in accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of 
the ECB or the successor administrator of such rate); 
"i" is, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, a series of whole numbers from one to 
do, each representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first Business Day in such Interest Accrual Period; 
"Interest Accrual Period" means in relation to any Interest Period: 
(1) 
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, such Interest Period; 
(2) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Observation Period relating to such Interest Period; 
"Lock-out Period" means the period from, and including the day following the Interest 
Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date; 
"New York Fed's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, any successor website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) or any successor 
source; 
"ni", for any Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, means the number 
of calendar days from and including such Business Day "i" up to but excluding the 
following Business Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from and 
including the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period 
and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" Business Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable);

--- Page 117 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 111 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
"p" means, for any Interest Period: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-back 
Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if "SONIA", "SOFR", 
"SARON" or "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms and no such number is specified, five Business Days or, if "TONA" is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms and no such 
number is specified, ten Business Days); 
(2) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, zero; and 
(3) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-back Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified two Business Days or five Business Days if "€STR" 
is specified as the Reference Rate); 
"r" means: 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is specified 
as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the Relevant 
Reference Rate in respect of such Business Day; and 
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method: 
(a) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the 
Relevant Reference Rate in respect of the Business Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day, and 
(b) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day 
(being a Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the Relevant 
Reference Rate in respect of the Business Day immediately 
preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period 
(such last Reference Day coinciding with the relevant Interest 
Determination Date);  
"Reference Day" means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other than 
any Business Day in the Lock-out Period; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall be the number of decimal places specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and will be rounded up or down, if necessary (with half of the

--- Page 118 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 112 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
highest decimal place being rounded upwards) (or, if "SONIA", "SOFR" or "€STR" is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms and no such number is 
specified, it shall be five, or if "SARON" and "TONA" is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms and no such number is specified, it shall be six); 
"Relevant Reference Rate" means the SONIA rate (where "SONIA" is specified as 
the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms), the SOFR rate (where "SOFR" is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms), the SARON (where 
"SARON" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms), the €STR 
(where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms) or the 
TONA rate (where "TONA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms); 
"ri-pBD" means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the applicable Reference Rate 
as set out in the definition of "r" above for, where "Lag" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the Business Day (being a Business Day falling 
in the relevant Observation Period) falling "p" Business Days prior to the relevant 
Business Day "i" or, where "Lock-out" or "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Business Day "i";  
"SARON" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight for such Business Day as provided by the SARON 
Administrator and as then published on the SIX Group's Website at the SARON 
Specified Time on such Business Day;  
"SARON Administrator" means SIX Financial Information AG (including any 
successor thereto) or any successor administrator of SARON; 
"SARON Compounded Index" means, in relation to any Business Day, the value of 
the index known as the SARON Index administered by the SARON Administrator as 
published on the SIX Group's Website at 6:00 p.m. (Zurich time) on such Business Day; 
"SARON Specified Time" means, in respect of any Business Day, the close of trading 
on the trading platform of SIX Repo AG (or any successor thereto) on such Business 
Day, which is expected to be on or around 6:00 p.m. (Zurich time); 
"SIX Group's Website" means the website of the SIX Group, or any successor website 
or other source on which SARON or as the case may be, the SARON Index is 
published; 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate for such Business Day as provided by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor

--- Page 119 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 113 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
administrator of such rate) on the New York Fed's Website, in each case on or about 
5:00 p.m. (New York City Time) on the Business Day immediately following such 
Business Day;  
"SONIA" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such Business Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors in each case on the Business Day immediately 
following such Business Day;  
"TONA Fixing Day" means, in respect of Tokyo Overnight Average Rate ("TONA") 
and a Business Day "i", the Business Day immediately following that day "i" (or any 
amended publication day for TONA as specified by the Bank of Japan (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) in the TONA benchmark methodology); and 
"TONA rate" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
TONA for such Business Day as provided by the Bank of Japan (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) to, and published by, authorised distributors of TONA as of 
approximately 10:00 a.m. Tokyo time (or any amended publication time as specified 
by the Bank of Japan (or any successor administrator of such rate) in the TONA 
benchmark methodology), on the TONA Fixing Day. If such rate is subsequently 
corrected and provided by the Bank of Japan (or any successor administrator of such 
rate) to, and published by, authorized distributors of TONA within the longer of one 
hour of the time when such rate is first published by authorised distributors of TONA 
and the re-publication cut-off time for TONA, if any, on the applicable TONA Fixing 
Day as specified by the Bank of Japan (or any successor administrator of such rate) in 
the TONA benchmark methodology then that rate will be subject to those corrections. 
(B) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Weighted Average", the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to as provided below, be the Weighted 
Average Reference Rate (as defined below) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the Relevant Decimal Place, where: 
"Business Day" has the meaning set out in paragraph (A) above; 
"Lock-out Period" has the meaning set out in paragraph (A) above; 
"Observation Period" has the meaning set out in paragraph (A) above;

--- Page 120 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 114 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
"Reference Day" has the meaning set out in paragraph (A) above;  
"Relevant Decimal Place" has the meaning set out in paragraph (A) above; and 
"Weighted Average Reference Rate" means: 
(1) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar 
day during the relevant Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each 
relevant Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, 
determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of 
calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. For these purposes the 
Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall 
be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day; and 
(2) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar 
day during the relevant Interest Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant 
Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, 
determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of 
calendar days in the relevant Interest Period, provided however that for any 
calendar day of such Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period, the relevant 
Reference Rate for each day during that Lock-out Period will be deemed to be 
the Reference Rate in effect for the Reference Day immediately preceding the 
first day of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in 
effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall, subject to the 
proviso above, be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business 
Day immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(C) 
where "Index Determination" is specified as the Calculation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
( 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆−1) 𝑋𝑋 𝐷𝐷
𝑑𝑑 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the Relevant 
Decimal Place, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date where:

--- Page 121 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 115 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
"Compounded Index" shall mean SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR 
Compounded Index or SARON Compounded Index, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the 
relevant Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant Compounded Index End is determined; 
"End" means, in relation to any Interest Period, the relevant Compounded 
Index value on the day falling "p" Business Days (as defined in paragraph (A) 
above) prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such 
other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by 
its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such 
Interest Period); 
"p" is the number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-back 
Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, two); 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall be the number of decimal places specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and will be rounded up or down, if necessary 
(with half of the highest decimal place being rounded upwards) (or, if no such 
number is specified, if the SONIA Compounded Index is applicable, it shall 
be five, if the SARON Compounded Index is applicable, it shall be six and if 
the SOFR Compounded Index is applicable, it shall be seven); 
"SARON Compounded Index" means, in relation to any Business Day, the 
value of the index known as the SARON Index administered by the SARON 
Administrator as published on the SIX Group's Website at 6:00 p.m. (Zurich 
time) on such Business Day; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SOFR rate as 
published at 3.00 p.m. (New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) on the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate 
as published at 10.00 a.m. (London time) by the Bank of England (or a 
successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's Interactive 
Statistical Database, or any successor source;

--- Page 122 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 116 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
"Start" means, in relation to any Interest Period, the relevant Compounded 
Index value on the day falling "p" Business Days (as defined in paragraph (A) 
above) prior to the first day of such Interest Period; and 
Subject to Condition 3(f) or, if applicable, Condition 3(g), if, with respect to 
any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the relevant 
Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End date, then the 
Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of interest for that Interest Period as 
if "Index Determination" was not specified as the Calculation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms and as if "Compounded Daily" was specified instead 
as the Calculation Method in the applicable Final Terms and where 
"Observation Shift" was specified as the Observation Method. 
(D) 
where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, if, in 
respect of any Business Day, SONIA (as defined in paragraph (A) above) is not 
available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors, such Reference Rate shall be: 
(1) 
the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant Business Day; plus the mean of the spread of SONIA 
to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which SONIA has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more 
than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(2) 
subject to Condition 3(f), if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on which the 
SONIA rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published 
by the relevant authorised distributors),  
and in each case, "r" shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(E) 
where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, if, in 
respect of any Business Day (as defined in paragraph (A) above), the Reference Rate 
is not available, subject to Condition 3(f) or, if applicable, Condition 3(g), such 
Reference Rate shall be the SOFR (as defined in paragraph (A) above) for the first 
preceding Business Day on which the SOFR was published on the New York Fed's 
Website (as defined in paragraph (A) above) and "r" shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(F)

--- Page 123 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 117 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
(1) 
where "SARON" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, if, in respect of any Business Day (as defined in paragraph (A) above), 
SARON is not available, and unless both a SARON Index Cessation Event and 
a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date (each, as defined below) have 
occurred, such Reference Rate shall be a rate equal to SARON for the last 
Business Day for which such rate was published by the SARON Administrator 
on the SIX Group's Website, and "r" shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(2) 
If SARON is not published in respect of a Business Day as specified above, and 
both a SARON Index Cessation Event and a SARON Index Cessation Effective 
Date have occurred, then, in respect of such Business Day (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 3(c)(v)(F)) and each Business Day thereafter, 
SARON will be replaced with: 
(i) 
if there is a Recommended Replacement Rate within one Business Day 
of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the Recommended 
Replacement Rate for such Business Day, giving effect to the 
Recommended Adjustment Spread, if any, published on such Business 
Day; or 
(ii) 
if there is no Recommended Replacement Rate within one Business Day 
of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the policy rate of the 
Swiss National Bank (the "SNB Policy Rate") for such Business Day, 
giving effect to the SNB Adjustment Spread, if any. 
and "r" shall be interpreted accordingly.  
Notwithstanding the above, if the SNB Policy Rate for any Business Day with 
respect to which SARON is to be determined pursuant to paragraph 
3(c)(v)(F)(2)(ii) above has not been published on such Business Day, then in 
respect of such Business Day (the "Affected Business Day") and each Business 
Day thereafter, SARON will be replaced by the Replacement Rate, if any, 
determined in accordance with Condition 3(c)(v)(F)(3) for purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest. 
(3) 
If the Calculation Agent (A) is required to use a Recommended Replacement 
Rate or the SNB Policy Rate pursuant to paragraphs 3(c)(v)(F)(2)(i) or 
3(c)(v)(F)(2)(ii) above for purposes of determining SARON for any Business 
Day, and (B) determines that any changes to the definitions of Business Day 
Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest 
Payment Date, Interest Accrual Period, Observation Period, SARON, SARON 
Administrator, SIX Group’s Website or SARON Specified Time are necessary

--- Page 124 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 118 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
in order to use such Recommended Replacement Rate (and any Recommended 
Adjustment Spread) or the SNB Policy Rate (and any SNB Adjustment Spread), 
as the case may be, for such purposes, such definitions will be amended as 
contemplated in Condition 13 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver 
and Substitution of Principal Debtor) to reflect such changes, and the Issuer 
shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Calculation Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), the Noteholders, specifying the 
Recommended Replacement Rate and any Recommended Adjustment Spread 
or, as the case may be, indicating that the SNB Policy Rate will be used and 
specifying any SNB Adjustment Spread, as applicable, and the amendments 
implemented pursuant to Condition 13 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, 
Waiver and Substitution of Principal Debtor).  
(4) 
Unless the Issuer has elected to redeem the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 5, the Issuer will appoint a "Replacement Rate Agent" on or prior to 
the first relevant Business Day (a) with respect to which SARON is to be 
determined pursuant to paragraph 3(c)(v)(F)(2)(ii) above and (b) for which the 
SNB Policy Rate has not been published thereon. The Issuer may appoint an 
affiliate of the Issuer or any other person as Replacement Rate Agent, so long 
as such affiliate or other person is a leading financial institution that is 
experienced in the calculations or determinations to be made by the 
Replacement Rate Agent. The Issuer will notify the Noteholders of any such 
appointment in accordance with Condition 12. 
(5) 
If the conditions set out in the last paragraph of paragraph (F)(2) above have 
been satisfied, then the Replacement Rate Agent will determine whether to use 
an alternative rate to SARON for the Affected Business Day and for all 
subsequent Business Days in the Observation Period in which the Affected 
Business Day falls (the "Affected SARON Observation Period") and all 
Observation Periods thereafter. If the Replacement Rate Agent determines to 
use an alternative rate pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence, it shall 
select such rate that it has determined is most comparable to SARON (the 
"Existing Rate"), provided that if it determines that there is an appropriate 
industry-accepted successor rate to the Existing Rate, it shall use such industry-
accepted successor rate. If the Replacement Rate Agent has determined an 
alternative rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate, the "Replacement 
Rate"), for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest, (a) the 
Replacement Rate Agent shall determine (A) the method for obtaining the 
Replacement Rate (including any alternative method for determining the 
Replacement Rate if such alternative rate is unavailable on the relevant Interest

--- Page 125 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 119 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
Determination Date), which method shall be consistent with industry-accepted 
practices for the Replacement Rate, and (B) any adjustment factor as may be 
necessary to make the Replacement Rate comparable to the Existing Rate 
consistent with industry-accepted practices for the Replacement Rate, (b) for 
the Affected Business Day and all subsequent Business Days in the Affected 
SARON Observation Period and all Observation Periods thereafter, references 
to SARON in these Conditions shall be deemed to be references to the 
Replacement Rate, including any alternative method for determining such rate 
and any adjustment factor as described above, (c) if the Replacement Rate 
Agent determines that changes to the definitions of Business Day Convention, 
Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, 
Interest Accrual Period, Observation Period, SARON, SARON Administrator, 
SIX Group’s Website or SARON Specified Time are necessary in order to 
implement the Replacement Rate as SARON, such definitions will be amended 
as contemplated in Condition 13 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, 
Waiver and Substitution of Principal Debtor) to reflect such changes, and the 
Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Calculation Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders, specifying the Replacement 
Rate and the amendments implemented pursuant to Condition 13 (Meetings of 
Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution of Principal Debtor). Any 
determination to be made by the Replacement Rate Agent pursuant to this 
Condition 3(v)(F)(5), including any determination with respect to a rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or 
date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Replacement Rate Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
As used in these Conditions: 
"Recommended Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to any Recommended 
Replacement Rate, the spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or formula or 
methodology for calculating such a spread: 
(i) 
that the Recommending Body has recommended be applied to such 
Recommended Replacement Rate in the case of fixed income securities with 
respect to which such Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced SARON 
as the reference rate for purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest 
thereon; or 
(ii) 
if the Recommending Body has not recommended such a spread, formula or 
methodology as described in paragraph (i) above, to be applied to such

--- Page 126 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 120 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
Recommended Replacement Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of SARON 
with such Recommended Replacement Rate for purposes of determining 
SARON, which spread will be determined by the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser, and be consistent with industry-
accepted practices for fixed income securities with respect to which such 
Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced SARON as the reference rate 
for purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; 
"Recommended Replacement Rate" means the rate that has been recommended as 
the replacement for SARON by the Recommending Body; 
"Recommending Body" means any working group or committee in Switzerland 
organised in the same or a similar manner as the National Working Group on Swiss 
Franc Reference Rates that was founded in 2013 for purposes of, among other things, 
considering proposals to reform reference interest rates in Switzerland; 
“SARON Index Cessation Effective Date” means the earliest of: 
(i) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in 
paragraph (i) of the definition thereof, the date on which the SARON 
Administrator ceases to provide SARON; 
(ii) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in 
paragraph (ii)(x) of the definition thereof, the latest of: 
a. 
the date of such statement or publication; 
b. the date, if any, specified in such statement or publication as the date on which 
SARON will no longer be representative; and 
c. 
if a SARON Index Cessation Event described in paragraph (ii)(y) of the 
definition thereof has occurred on or prior to either or both dates specified in 
paragraphs a. and b. of this paragraph (ii), the date as of which SARON may 
no longer be used; and  
(iii) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in 
paragraph (ii)(y) of the definition thereof, the date as of which SARON may 
no longer be used; 
"SARON Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events:

--- Page 127 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 121 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the SARON 
Administrator, or by any competent authority, announcing or confirming that 
the SARON Administrator has ceased or will cease to provide SARON 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
SARON; or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the SARON Administrator 
or any competent authority announcing that (x) SARON is no longer 
representative or will as of a certain date no longer be representative, or (y) 
SARON may no longer be used after a certain date, which statement, in the 
case of sub-clause (y), is applicable to (but not necessarily limited to) fixed 
income securities and derivatives; and 
"SNB Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, the spread 
(which may be positive, negative or zero) to be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order 
to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of SARON with the SNB Policy Rate for purposes of determining 
SARON, which spread will be determined by the Issuer, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser, taking into account the historical median between SARON 
and the SNB Policy Rate during the two year period ending on the date on which the 
SARON Index Cessation Event occurred (or, if more than one SARON Index Cessation 
Event has occurred, the date on which the first of such events occurred). 
(G) 
 
(1) Where "TONA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, if, in respect of any Business Day (as defined in paragraph (A) 
above), the TONA rate is not published by the Bank of Japan (or any 
successor administrator of TONA) or an authorised distributor and is not 
otherwise provided by the Bank of Japan (or any successor administrator 
of TONA) by either (a) the TONA Fixing Day or (b) such other date on 
which the TONA rate is required, then, unless both a TONA Index 
Cessation Event and a TONA Index Cessation Effective Date (each as 
defined below) have occurred, such Reference Rate shall be a rate equal 
to the TONA rate for the last Business Day for which such rate was 
provided by the Bank of Japan (or any successor administrator of TONA) 
or published by authorised distributors of TONA, and "r" shall be 
interpreted accordingly.

--- Page 128 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 122 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
(2) If TONA is not published in respect of a Business Day as specified above, 
and both a TONA Index Cessation Event and a TONA Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred, then, in respect of such Business Day and 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 3(c)(v)(G)) each 
Business Day thereafter, the TONA rate for a TONA Fixing Day 
occurring on or after the TONA Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
the JPY Recommended Rate, and "r" shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(3) If there is a JPY Recommended Rate before the end of the first Business 
Day (as defined in paragraph (A) above) following the TONA Index 
Cessation Effective Date but neither the administrator nor authorised 
distributors provide or publish the JPY Recommended Rate, then, subject 
to the below, in respect of any day for which the JPY Recommended Rate 
is required, references to the JPY Recommended Rate will be deemed to 
be references to the last provided or published JPY Recommended Rate. 
However, if there is no last provided or published JPY Recommended 
Rate, then in respect of any day for which the JPY Recommended Rate 
is required, references to the JPY Recommended Rate will be deemed to 
be references to the last provided or published TONA, and "r" shall be 
interpreted accordingly. 
(4) If there is: 
(a) 
no JPY Recommended Rate before the end of the first 
Business Day (as defined in paragraph (A) above) following 
the TONA Index Cessation Effective Date; or 
(b) 
 a JPY Recommended Rate and a JPY Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occurs, 
then the TONA rate for a TONA Fixing Day occurring on or after the 
TONA Index Cessation Effective Date or a JPY Recommended Rate 
Fixing Day occurring on or after the JPY Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Effective Date (as applicable) will be an alternative for TONA 
or the JPY Recommended Rate (as applicable) determined by the 
Replacement Rate Agent (as defined below) acting in good faith, taking 
into account any rate implemented by central counterparties and/or futures 
exchanges, in each case with trading volumes in derivatives or futures 
referencing TONA or the JPY Recommended Rate (as applicable) that the 
Replacement Rate Agent considers sufficient for that rate to be a 
representative alternative rate, and "r" shall be interpreted accordingly. 
Unless the Issuer has elected to redeem the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 5, the Issuer will appoint a "Replacement Rate Agent" on or

--- Page 129 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 123 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
prior to the first relevant Business Day with respect to which TONA is to 
be determined pursuant to this paragraph (4). The Issuer may appoint an 
affiliate of the Issuer or any other person as Replacement Rate Agent, so 
long as such affiliate or other person is a leading financial institution that 
is experienced in the calculations or determinations to be made by the 
Replacement Rate Agent. The Issuer will notify the Noteholders of any 
such appointment in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
As used in these Conditions: 
"JPY Recommended Rate" means the rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for TONA by a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of Japan for the purpose of 
recommending a replacement for TONA (which rate may be produced by the 
Bank of Japan or another administrator) and as provided by the administrator of 
that rate or, if that rate is not provided by the administrator thereof (or a 
successor administrator), published by an authorised distributor; 
"JPY Recommended Rate Fixing Day" means, in respect of the JPY 
Recommended Rate and a Business Day "i", the publication day specified by 
the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate for the JPY Recommended 
Rate in its benchmark methodology; 
"JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect 
of the JPY Recommended Rate and a JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Event, the first date on which the JPY Recommended Rate would ordinarily 
have been provided and is no longer provided; 
"JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means, in respect of the 
JPY Recommended Rate: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate announcing that it has 
ceased or will cease to provide the JPY Recommended Rate permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the JPY 
Recommended Rate; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate, the 
central bank for the currency of the JPY Recommended Rate, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the JPY 
Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate or a court or an entity

--- Page 130 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 124 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
of the JPY Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator of 
the JPY Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the 
JPY Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the JPY Recommended 
Rate; 
"TONA Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of TONA and a 
TONA Index Cessation Event, the first date on which TONA would ordinarily 
have been provided and is no longer provided; and 
"TONA Index Cessation Event" means, in respect of TONA: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of TONA announcing that it has ceased or will cease to 
provide TONA permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide TONA; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of TONA, the central bank for the 
currency of TONA, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of TONA, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over 
the administrator of TONA or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of TONA, 
which states that the administrator of TONA has ceased or will cease 
to provide TONA permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide TONA. 
(H) 
 
(1) where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, if, in respect of any Business Day (as defined in paragraph (A) 
above) and unless both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date (each, as defined below) have occurred, 
the Reference Rate shall be a rate equal to €STR for the last Business 
Day for which such rate was published on the website of the ECB (or 
any successor administrator of €STR) and "r" shall be interpreted 
accordingly. 
(2) where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, if, in respect of any Business Day (as defined in paragraph (A)

--- Page 131 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 125 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
above) and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate for each Business Day 
in the relevant Observation Period occurring from and including such 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references 
to €STR were references to the rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) that was recommended as the replacement for €STR by the 
ECB (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the ECB (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a replacement 
for €STR (which rate may be produced by the ECB or another 
administrator) (the "ECB Recommended Rate"), provided that, if no 
such rate has been recommended before the end of the first Business Day 
following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
occurs, then the rate for each Business Day in the relevant Observation 
Period occurring from and including such €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to "€STR" were 
references to the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the 
deposit facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with 
the Eurosystem, as published on the website of the ECB (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) (the "EDFR") on such Business Day 
plus the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR 
Reference Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation 
Event occurs (the "EDFR Spread"). 
Provided further that, if both an ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate for each Business Day 
in the relevant Observation Period occurring from and including that 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to "€STR" were references to the EDFR on 
such Business Day plus the arithmetic mean of the daily difference 
between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 
Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs. 
As used in these Conditions:  
"€STR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events:  
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
ECB (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has

--- Page 132 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 126 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or  
(ii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the 
currency of €STR, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, which states that 
the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide €STR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide €STR;  
"€STR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date for which €STR is no longer provided by the ECB (or 
any successor administrator of €STR);  
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events:  
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has 
ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or  
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the 
central bank for the currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an entity 
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of 
the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; and

--- Page 133 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 127 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date for which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided by the administrator thereof; and 
(I) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, but without prejudice to Condition 3(f) or, if applicable, 
Condition 3(g), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have 
been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been 
in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest 
Period). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 5 
or Condition 8, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date 
on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes 
shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such 
date. 
(vi) 
Linear Interpolation 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Linear Interpolation as applicable in respect of an 
Interest Period, the Rate of Interest (where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as 
applicable) or rate (where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as applicable) for such 
Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified hereon as applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where 
ISDA Determination is specified hereon as applicable), one of which shall be determined as if 
the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for the 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall

--- Page 134 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 128 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
"Applicable Maturity" means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of 
time designated in the Reference Rate and, (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the 
Designated Maturity. 
(vii) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions shall in no event be less than such Minimum Rate of Interest. Unless otherwise 
stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
In the event that the Interest Rate for any Interest Period is determined in accordance with the 
provisions set out in this Condition to be less than zero, the Minimum Interest Rate for such 
Interest Period shall be zero. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then the Interest Rate for such Interest Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions shall in no event exceed such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(viii) Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined determine the Rate of Interest and calculate the amount of interest 
(the "Interest Amount") payable for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form 
comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for 
each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period in accordance with this Condition 3(c):

--- Page 135 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 129 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
(A) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(B) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Period 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(D) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(E) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 x (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 136 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 130 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
(F) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 x (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(G) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 x (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 137 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 131 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(H) 
if "RBA Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, one divided by the 
number of Interest Payment Dates in each twelve-month period (or, where the 
calculation period does not constitute an Interest Period, the actual number of days in 
the calculation period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the calculation period falls 
in a leap year, the sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the calculation period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366; and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the calculation period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365)). 
(ix) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and notice 
thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 12 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day (where a "London 
Business Day" means a day (other than Saturday or Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in London) thereafter. Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on 
which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12. 
(x) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 3(c) by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence of bad faith and wilful default) no liability to the Issuer, 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with

--- Page 138 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 132 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the due date for its redemption unless, upon, where applicable, 
due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, 
interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by 
the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
12 or individually. 
(e) 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of this Condition 3, references to the Agent in relation to all certificates, 
communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations, decisions or related actions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 3 by the Agent 
shall, in the case of CMU Notes, be deemed to be references to the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent, 
unless the context otherwise requires. 
(f) 
Benchmark replacement 
(i) 
Notes not linked to SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 3 but subject, in the case of Notes 
linked to SONIA, to Condition 3(c)(v)(D)(1) above taking precedence, if the Issuer (in 
consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent) determines that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred or considers that there may be a Successor Rate, in either case, 
when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined 
by reference to a Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable), 
then the following provisions shall apply (other than to Notes linked to SOFR, €STR, SARON 
or TONA): 
(A) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to 
determine a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the Independent Adviser determines that 
there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate no later than 3 Business Days 
prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date (as applicable) 
relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) (the "IA 
Determination Cut-off Date") for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest

--- Page 139 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 133 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
applicable to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(f)); 
(B) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate 
prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with subparagraph (A) above, 
then the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent 
and acting in good faith) may determine a Successor Rate or, if the Issuer determines 
that there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate for purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or 
Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
3(f) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate); provided, however, that if this subparagraph (B) applies 
and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Reference Rate prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date 
(as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as 
applicable) in accordance with this subparagraph (B) (and for the avoidance of doubt, 
shall apply to only such Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable)), the Rate of 
Interest applicable to such Reset Period or Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Reset Period 
or Interest Period as applicable (which may be the Initial Rate of Interest) (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period or 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period or Interest 
Period for which the Rate of Interest was determined, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Reset Period or Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Reset Period or Interest Period); 
(C) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance with 
the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) shall be the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as 
applicable) for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to 
the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(f) in the event of a further Benchmark 
Event affecting the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate); 
(D) 
if the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or (if the Issuer is unable to 
appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to 
determine whether an Adjustment Spread should be applied) the Issuer determines that 
an Adjustment Spread should be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula 
or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as

--- Page 140 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 134 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
applicable). If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to 
determine, prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date (as 
applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as 
applicable), the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread;  
(E) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) determines a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate or, in each case, any Adjustment Spread, in 
accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or the Issuer may also, 
following consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent, specify 
changes to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, 
Business Days, Reset Determination Date, Interest Determination Date, Interest 
Payment Dates and/or the definition of Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate, 
Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread applicable to the Notes (and in each case, related 
provisions and definitions), and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation 
to the Notes, in order to follow market practice in relation to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), which changes shall apply to the Notes for 
all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 3(f)). No consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
shall be required in connection with effecting such consequential amendments to the 
Agency Agreement and these Terms and Conditions as may be required in order to give 
effect to this Condition 3(f), including for the execution of any documents or the taking 
of other steps by the Issuer or any of the parties to the Agency Agreement. An 
Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3(f) shall act in good faith 
and (in the absence of bad faith, gross negligence and wilful misconduct) shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent or Noteholders for 
any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with 
any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 3(f). No Noteholder 
consent shall be required in connection with effecting the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), any Adjustment Spread or such other 
changes, including for the execution of any documents, amendments or other steps by 
the Issuer or Agent (if required); and 
(F) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread give notice thereof and of any 
changes pursuant to subparagraph (E) above to the Agent and the Noteholders, and 
confirm to the Agent and the Noteholders (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred or 
that there is a Successor Rate, (ii) the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and (iv) where applicable,

--- Page 141 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 135 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
the terms of any changes pursuant to subparagraph (E) above. The Agent shall be 
entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or liability to any person) as 
sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and, where applicable, any such 
other relevant changes pursuant to this Condition 3(f) specified in such notice will (in 
the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the 
Calculation Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
(ii) 
Notes linked to SOFR 
In the case of Notes linked to SOFR, and subject (where "ARRC Fallbacks" are specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms) to the provisions of Condition 3(g) below: 
(A) 
if the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent) 
determines that a Benchmark Event and the relevant SOFR Index Cessation Date have 
both occurred, when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable), the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate 
or Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the rate that was recommended as the 
replacement for the SOFR by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for the purpose of 
recommending a replacement for the SOFR (which rate may be produced by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York or other designated administrator, and which rate 
may include any adjustments or spreads) or, if no such rate has been recommended 
within one Business Day (as defined in paragraph (A) of Condition 3(c)(v)) of the 
SOFR Index Cessation Date, the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Overnight Bank Funding Rate (published 
on the New York Fed's Website at or around 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on the relevant 
New York City Banking Day) for any SOFR Reset Date falling on or after the SOFR 
Index Cessation Date (it being understood that the Overnight Bank Funding Rate for 
any such SOFR Reset Date will be for trades made on the related SOFR Determination 
Date); or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent is required to use the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in 
paragraph (A) above and an OBFR Index Cessation Event and an OBFR Index 
Cessation Date have both occurred, then for any SOFR Reset Date falling on or after 
the later of the SOFR Index Cessation Date and the OBFR Index Cessation Date, the 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be 
the short-term interest rate target set by the Federal Open Market Committee, as 
published on the New York Fed's Website and as prevailing on such SOFR Reset Date,

--- Page 142 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 136 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
or if the Federal Open Market Committee has not set a single rate, the mid-point of the 
short-term interest rate target range set by the Federal Open Market Committee, as 
published on the New York Fed's Website and as prevailing on such SOFR Reset Date 
(calculated as the arithmetic average of the upper bound of the target range and the 
lower bound of the target range), 
and in each case "r" shall be interpreted accordingly. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(f): 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) 
or the Issuer (as applicable), determines should be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the 
relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), as a result of the replacement of the relevant Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate with the relevant Successor Rate or the 
relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(i)  
in the case of a Successor Rate, is recommended in relation to the replacement of the Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; 
(ii)  in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case 
of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary 
market usage for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest in respect of bonds 
denominated in the Specified Currency, where such rate has been replaced by such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or  
(iii)  if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent Adviser in 
its discretion (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer in its discretion (as applicable) 
determines (acting in good faith) to be appropriate; 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or 
source, if available) that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines has replaced 
the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) in customary 
market usage for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest in respect of bonds 
denominated in the Specified Currency or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as

--- Page 143 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 137 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
applicable) determines, each in its own discretion, acting in good faith, is most comparable to the 
relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i)  
the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) has 
ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be 
calculated or administered;  
(ii)  a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate 
or Reference Rate (as applicable) that (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been or will be appointed that will continue publication of such Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate) it has ceased, or it will, by a specified future date, cease, 
publishing such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely;  
(iii)  a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) that such Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date, be permanently 
or indefinitely discontinued;  
(iv) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) that means that such Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate will, by a specified future date, be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will, by a specified future date, be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences;  
(v)  a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate is or will, by a specified future date, 
be no longer representative of an underlying market; or 
(vi)  it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate 
or Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable), 
provided that, notwithstanding the subparagraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a 
public statement within subparagraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above and the relevant specified future 
date in the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the 
Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such specified 
future date;

--- Page 144 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 138 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case appointed 
by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"New York Fed's Website" has the meaning given in paragraph (A) of Condition 3(c)(v); 
"New York City Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in New York City; 
"OBFR Index Cessation Date" means, in respect of an OBFR Index Cessation Event, the date on 
which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the Overnight Bank 
Funding Rate), ceases to publish the Overnight Bank Funding Rate, or the date as of which the 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate may no longer be used; 
"OBFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(i) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of 
the Overnight Bank Funding Rate) announcing that it has ceased, or will cease, to publish or 
provide the Overnight Bank Funding Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that 
time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to publish or provide an Overnight 
Bank Funding Rate; 
(ii) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or a successor administrator of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate) has ceased, or 
will cease, to provide the Overnight Bank Funding Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to publish or provide 
the Overnight Bank Funding Rate; or 
(iii) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official sector entity prohibiting the use of 
the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate that applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap 
transactions, including existing swap transactions; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate:  
(i)  
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency to 
which such reference rate relates, or any other central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate; or  
(ii)  any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for 
the currency to which such reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate, (c) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, (d) the International

--- Page 145 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 139 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any part thereof, or (e) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof; 
"SOFR Determination Date" means, with respect to any SOFR Reset Date and with respect to (x) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate and (y) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate: (i) in the case of 
(x), the first Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Reset Date; and (ii) in the case of (y), 
the first New York City Banking Day immediately preceding such SOFR Reset Date; 
"SOFR Index Cessation Date" means, in respect of a Benchmark Event, the date on which the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate), ceases to publish the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or the date as of which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate may no longer be used; 
"SOFR Reset Date" means each Business Day during the relevant Interest Period, provided however 
that if both a Benchmark Event and a SOFR Index Cessation Date have occurred, it shall mean: (i) in 
respect of the period from, and including, the first day of the Interest Period in which the SOFR Index 
Cessation Date falls (such Interest Period, the "Affected Interest Period") to, but excluding, the 
SOFR Index Cessation Date (such period, the "Partial SOFR Period"), each Business Day during 
the Partial SOFR Period; (ii) in respect of the period from, and including, the SOFR Index Cessation 
Date to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date in respect of the Affected Interest Period (such 
period, the "Partial Fallback Period"), each New York City Banking Day during the Partial Fallback 
Period; and (iii) in respect of each Interest Period subsequent to the Affected Interest Period, each 
New York City Banking Day during the relevant Interest Period; and 
"Successor Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if available) 
that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is a successor to or replacement 
of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) (for the 
avoidance of doubt, whether or not such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate 
(as applicable) has ceased to be available) which is recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(g) 
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate and where "ARRC Fallbacks" are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary in these Terms and Conditions, if the Issuer 
or, at the Issuer's request, the Calculation Agent, determines on or prior to the Reference Time, 
that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (each, as 
defined below) have occurred with respect to the then current Benchmark, then the provisions 
set forth in this Condition 3(g) (the "Benchmark Transition Provisions"), will thereafter 
apply to all terms of the Notes relevant in respect of such Benchmark, including without 
limitation, the determination of any Rate of Interest. In accordance with the Benchmark 
Transition Provisions, after a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark

--- Page 146 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 140 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
Replacement Date have occurred, any such Rate of Interest in respect of an Interest Period 
will be determined by reference to the relevant Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii) 
if the Issuer or, at the Issuer's request, the Calculation Agent, determines that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the 
Reference Time in respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in 
respect of such determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates; 
(iii) 
in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the 
right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time; 
(iv) 
the Issuer shall, prior to the taking effect of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes, give notice thereof to the Agent and the Noteholders. The Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes and where applicable, any such other relevant changes pursuant to this 
Condition 3(g) will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Noteholders and the Couponholders; 
(v) 
any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or Calculation Agent 
pursuant to this Condition 3(g), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection: 
(A) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(B) 
if made by the Issuer, will be made in the Issuer's sole discretion; 
(C) 
if made by the Calculation Agent, will be made after consultation with the Issuer, and 
the Calculation Agent will not make any such determination, decision or election to 
which the Issuer reasonably objects; and 
(D) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms and Conditions, the Agency 
Agreement or the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders or any other party; and 
(vi) 
if the Calculation Agent does not make any determination, decision or election that it is 
required to make pursuant to this Condition 3(g), then the Issuer will make that determination, 
decision or election on the same basis as described above. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(g): 
"Benchmark" means SOFR provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then 
"Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement;

--- Page 147 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 141 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i)  
the sum of: (1) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (2) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii)  the sum of: (1) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (2) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(iii)  the sum of: (1) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. 
dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (2) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii)  if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, 
then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii)  the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustments, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement Rate, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
definition of "Interest Period", timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of 
interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement Rate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
determines is reasonably necessary);

--- Page 148 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 142 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to 
the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof): 
(i)  
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the later of (1) 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (2) the date 
on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii)  in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced therein,  
and, for the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs 
on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such 
determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii)  a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of the 
Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(iii)  a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be

--- Page 149 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 143 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the 
Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means the time determined 
by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement Rate excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
4 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment  
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in respect of definitive Notes in a Specified Currency (other than euro or Renminbi) 
will be made at the option of the bearer either by transfer to an account in the relevant Specified 
Currency (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese Yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be 
a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, or by a cheque in such Specified 
Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian or New Zealand dollars, shall be 
Sydney and Auckland, respectively); 
(ii) 
payments in respect of definitive Notes in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro 
account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the 
payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque; and 
(iii) 
payments in respect of definitive Notes in Renminbi will be made solely by credit to a 
Renminbi account maintained by the payee at a bank in Hong Kong in accordance with 
applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to time (including all 
applicable laws and regulations with respect to the settlement of Renminbi in Hong Kong). 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives 
in the place of payment or other laws or agreements to which the Issuer or any of the Paying Agents 
agrees to be subject and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed

--- Page 150 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 144 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements, but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 6.  
(b) 
Presentation of Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes (if issued) will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender of such 
definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender of Coupons, in each case at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. Payments under paragraph (a) above 
made, at the option (if any such option is specified under paragraph (a) above) of the bearer of such 
Note or Coupon, by cheque shall be mailed or delivered to an address outside the United States 
furnished by such bearer. Subject to any applicable laws and regulations, such payments made by 
transfer will be made in immediately available funds to an account maintained by the payee with a 
bank located outside the United States. No payment in respect of any definitive Note or Coupon will 
be made upon presentation and surrender of such definitive Note or Coupon at any office or agency 
of the Issuer or any Paying Agent in the United States, nor will any such payment be made by transfer 
to an account, or by mail to an address, in the United States. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the full amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made 
in full, the same proportion of the full amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid 
bears to the total sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal 
so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relevant missing 
Coupon at any time thereafter but before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined 
in Condition 6) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have 
become void under Condition 7) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would 
otherwise have become due. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured 
Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect 
thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Reset Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, all unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed 
Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the 
aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on

--- Page 151 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 145 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that 
date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Note. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant global Note, where applicable, against presentation 
or surrender, as the case may be, of such global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States. A record of each payment made distinguishing between any payment of 
principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such global Note either by the Paying Agent 
to which such global Note is presented for the purpose of making such payment or in the records of 
(in the case of a global Note representing Notes other than CMU Notes) Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or (in the case of a global Note representing CMU Notes) the CMU. 
The holder of a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be the 
only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes represented by such global Note and the 
Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such global Note in respect 
of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such 
global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his 
share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such global Note. No 
person other than the holder of such global Note shall have any claim against the Issuer in respect of 
any payments due on that global Note. 
The holder of a global Note held by or on behalf of the CMU Operator shall be the only person entitled 
to receive payments in respect of Notes represented by such global Note and the Issuer will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such global Note in respect of each amount 
so paid. Payments of principal or interest (if any) in respect of such global Note will be made to the 
persons for whose account a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such global Note is 
credited as being held by the CMU Operator at the relevant time, as notified to the CMU Lodging 
and Paying Agent by the CMU Operator in a relevant CMU Issue Position Report or in any other 
relevant notification by the CMU Operator. No person other than the holder of such global Note shall 
have any claim against the Issuer in respect of any payments due on that global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, U.S. dollar payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes 
will be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in the United States (which expression, as 
used in this Condition 4, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of 
Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)) if:

--- Page 152 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 146 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest due on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment in U.S. dollars of the full amount of such due principal and interest at all such 
specified offices outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences for the Issuer. 
(c) 
Payment Date 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Date, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the amount due until the next following Payment 
Date in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay. For these purposes, "Payment Date" means any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(B) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day (other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency 
which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars shall be Sydney and Melbourne, if the 
Specified Currency is New Zealand dollars, shall be Auckland, and which, if the Specified 
Currency is Renminbi, shall be Hong Kong or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day 
on which T2 is open.  
(d) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 6; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;

--- Page 153 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 147 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 5(f)); 
and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable by the Issuer under or in respect 
of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 6. 
In this Condition, "euro" has the meaning as is given to it in Condition 3(c)(i). 
(e) 
CNY Currency Event 
If "CNY Currency Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms and a CNY Currency Event, as 
determined by the Issuer acting in good faith, exists on a date for payment of any amount in respect 
of any Note or Coupon, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, take the action described 
in (i), (ii) and/or (iii) below: 
(i) 
the relevant payment by the Issuer may be postponed to a day falling no later than 5 Business 
Days after the date on which the CNY Currency Event ceases to exist or, if such payment 
would not be possible (as determined by the Issuer acting in good faith) as soon as reasonably 
practicable thereafter; 
(ii) 
the Issuer's obligation to make a payment in CNY under the terms of the Notes may be replaced 
by an obligation to pay such amount in the Relevant Currency (selected by the Issuer and 
converted at the Alternate Settlement Rate as of a time selected by the Calculation Agent); 
and/or 
(iii) 
give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 and redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount. 
Upon the occurrence of a CNY Currency Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 stating the occurrence of the CNY Currency Event, 
giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
For the purpose of this Condition 4(e) and unless stated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms: 
"Alternate Settlement Rate" means the spot rate, determined by the Calculation Agent, between 
CNY and the Relevant Currency, taking into consideration all available information which the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant (including, but not limited to, the pricing information obtained 
from the CNY non-deliverable market outside the PRC and/or the CNY exchange market within the 
PRC);

--- Page 154 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 148 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
"CNY Currency Events" means any one of CNY Illiquidity, CNY Non-Transferability and CNY 
Inconvertibility; 
"CNY Illiquidity" means the general CNY exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a 
result of which the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates cannot obtain sufficient CNY in order to make a 
payment or perform any other of its obligations under the Notes, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
"CNY Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, impracticable 
or illegal for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to convert any amount into or from CNY as may be 
required to be paid by the Issuer under the Notes on any payment date at the general CNY exchange 
market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely 
to the failure of that party to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the relevant Series and it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer and/or any of its 
affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer or the relevant affiliate, to comply with 
such law, rule or regulation); 
"CNY Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, 
impracticable or illegal for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to deliver CNY between accounts 
inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong (including 
where the CNY clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong is disrupted or 
suspended), other than where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the 
failure of the Issuer and/or the relevant affiliate to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by 
any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer and/or 
any of its affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer and/or the relevant affiliate, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central 
bank) of Hong Kong; and 
"Relevant Currency" means United States dollars, Hong Kong dollars or such other currency as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
At Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each nominal amount of 
Notes equal to the Calculation Amount will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption

--- Page 155 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 149 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity 
Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
The Notes of any Series may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any 
time (in the case of a Note other than a Floating Rate Note) or only on an Interest Payment Date (in 
the case of a Floating Rate Note) on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 12, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed 
for redemption), at their Early Redemption Amount (as determined in accordance with Condition 5(f) 
below), if: 
(i) 
it has or will or would, but for redemption, become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 6 in respect of any of the Notes of such Series; 
(ii) 
the payment of interest in respect of any of the Notes of such Series would be a "distribution" 
or would otherwise not be deductible (in whole, or to a material extent) for Dutch tax purposes 
(or the deduction would be materially deferred); or 
(iii) 
in respect of the payment of interest in respect of any of the Notes of such Series, the Issuer 
would not to any material extent be entitled to have any attributable loss or non-trading deficit 
set against the profits of companies with which it is grouped for applicable Dutch tax purposes 
(whether under the group relief system current as at the date on which agreement is reached 
to issue the first Tranche of Notes of such Series or any similar system or systems having like 
effect as may from time to time exist), 
in each such case, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of The 
Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of Notes of that Series and the effect of which cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable steps available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 
90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts 
as referred to in paragraph (i) above, would be treated as making distributions or payments which are 
otherwise not deductible (or the deduction for which would be materially deferred) as referred to in 
paragraph (ii) above or would otherwise not be entitled to have the loss or non-trading deficit set 
against the profits as referred to in paragraph (iii) above, in each case, were a payment in respect of 
the Notes of that Series then due. Upon the expiration of such notice, the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem such Notes at their Early Redemption Amount. 
Before the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(b), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent a certificate signed by an authorised signatory of the Issuer stating that a condition

--- Page 156 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 150 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
for redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(b) (i) has occurred and (ii) is continuing as at the date of 
the certificate, and the Agent shall accept such certificate as sufficient evidence of such occurrence, 
in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders. 
(c) 
Call Option – Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If the Issuer is specified in the applicable Final Terms as having an option to redeem the Notes of any 
Series, the Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum 
period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Agent and the Noteholders of that Series 
in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed 
for redemption), redeem all, or (if so specified in the Final Terms) some only, of the Notes of such 
Series then outstanding on the Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date(s). Any such redemption must be of a nominal 
amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or not greater than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount, both as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial 
redemption of Notes of any Series, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will be selected 
individually by lot at such place and in such manner as the Issuer may approve and deem fair and 
reasonable, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with 
the rules of, in the case of Notes other than CMU Notes, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or, in the case of CMU Notes, the CMU (to be reflected in the records of, in the case of Notes other 
than CMU Notes, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or, in the case of CMU Notes, the CMU 
as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by a global Note, not more than 60 days or such other period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter 
called the "Selection Date"). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of 
the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) be published in accordance with Condition 12 not less than the minimum period and not more 
than the maximum period specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to the date fixed for 
redemption. No exchange of the relevant global Note will be permitted during the period from and 
including the Selection Date to and including the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this paragraph 
(c) and notice to that effect shall (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) be given 
by the Issuer to the Noteholders of the relevant Series in accordance with Condition 12 at least 10 
days or such other period specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to the Selection Date.  
If the Optional Redemption Amount in the applicable Final Terms is the "Make Whole Redemption 
Price", the redemption amount will, in respect of the Notes to be redeemed, be:  
(i) 
if "Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an 
amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of such 
Notes and (ii) the nominal amount outstanding of such Notes multiplied by the price

--- Page 157 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 151 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
(expressed as a percentage), as determined by the Issuer or as reported in writing to the Issuer 
by the Determination Agent (if one is specified in the applicable Final Terms), at which the 
Gross Redemption Yield on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the sum of (x) the 
Gross Redemption Yield at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, 
plus (y) the Redemption Margin; or 
(ii) 
if "Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of such 
Notes and (ii) the nominal amount outstanding of such Notes multiplied by the price 
(expressed as a percentage), as determined by the Issuer or as reported in writing to the Issuer 
by the Determination Agent (if one is specified in the applicable Final Terms), at which the 
yield to maturity (or, if a Par Redemption Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, yield 
to the Par Redemption Date) on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the sum of (x) 
the Reference Bond Rate at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date, plus (y) the 
Redemption Margin, 
all as determined by the Issuer or, if a Determination Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, by the Determination Agent, provided however, that if a Par Redemption Date is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Make Whole Redemption Price for Notes that are 
redeemed on or after the Par Redemption Date will be 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the 
Notes.   
"DA Selected Bond" means the government security or securities selected by the Issuer (after 
consultation with an investment bank or financial institution or independent adviser determined to be 
appropriate by the Issuer, which, for the avoidance of doubt, could be the Determination Agent (if 
one is specified in the applicable Final Terms)) as having the nearest actual or interpolated maturity 
comparable with the Remaining Term of the relevant Notes to be redeemed, and that (in the opinion 
of the Issuer) would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice in determining the redemption price of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified 
Currency and of a comparable remaining maturity to the Remaining Term of such Notes. 
"Determination Agent" means an investment bank or financial institution of international standing 
or an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise, as selected by the Issuer 
(and which may be an affiliate of the Issuer). 
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield to maturity 
(or if a Par Redemption Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par Redemption Date) 
on such security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Issuer or a Determination Agent 
appointed by the Issuer on the basis set out by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the 
paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields", page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae 
"Conventional Gilts; Double-dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a 
Quasi-Coupon Date" (published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 2002 and 16 March 2005,

--- Page 158 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 152 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
and as further amended, updated, supplemented or replaced from time to time) on a semi-annual 
compounding basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal 
places) or, if such formula does not reflect generally accepted market practice at the time of 
redemption, a gross redemption yield calculated in accordance with generally accepted market 
practice at such time as determined by the Issuer following consultation with an investment bank or 
financial institution determined to be appropriate by the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
could be the Determination Agent, if applicable). 
"Par Redemption Date" shall, if applicable, be as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Quotation Time" shall be as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Redemption Margin" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Bond" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified or if such 
Reference Bond specified in the applicable Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the relevant 
Reference Date, the DA Selected Bond. 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reference Bond and any Reference Date (i) if 
at least five Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the 
highest (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and lowest (or, in the event of equality, one of 
the lowest) such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five (but at 
least one) such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average 
of all such quotations.  
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reference Bond and any Reference Date, the rate 
per annum equal to the yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count 
basis) of such Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage 
of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Reference Date. 
"Reference Date" means the date which is two business days prior to the despatch of the notice of 
redemption under this Condition 5(c) or such other date as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer (following, 
where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if applicable), or the affiliates of such 
banks, which are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) 
market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Reference Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Issuer 
or the Determination Agent (if applicable), of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond 
(expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount): (a) which appear on the Relevant

--- Page 159 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 153 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
Make Whole Screen Page as at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date; or (b) to the extent that, 
in the case of (a) above, either such bid and offered prices do not appear on that page, fewer than two 
such bid and offered prices appear on that page, or if the Relevant Make Whole Screen Page is 
unavailable, then as quoted in writing to the Issuer or the Determination Agent (as applicable) by such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer. 
"Relevant Make Whole Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service (or any successor or replacement page, section or other part of a particular 
information service, including, without limitation, Bloomberg) specified as the Relevant Make Whole 
Screen Page in the applicable Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it 
on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by 
the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying 
comparable relevant bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond. 
"Remaining Term" means the term to maturity or, if a Par Redemption Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the term to such Par Redemption Date, if the relevant redemption date of the 
Notes falls before such Par Redemption Date. 
(d) 
Put Option – Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders 
If the Noteholders of any Series are specified in the applicable Final Terms as having an option to 
redeem, upon the holder of any Note of such Series giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 
12 not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable), the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such 
notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in whole (but not in part), such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (which Optional Redemption 
Date shall, in the case of a Floating Rate Note be an Interest Payment Date) and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
If the Note is in definitive form, to exercise the right to require redemption of the Note the holder of 
the Note must deliver such Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent on any Business Day at 
any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice period, 
accompanied by a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a "Put Notice") in which the 
holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is by cheque, an address) to which payment is to 
be made under this Condition 5(d). 
(e) 
Residual Call 
If "Residual Call" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, and if, at any time 
(other than as a direct result of a redemption of some, but not all, of the Notes at the Make Whole 
Redemption Price at the Issuer's option pursuant to Condition 5(c) (Call Option – Redemption at the

--- Page 160 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 154 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
Option of the Issuer)), the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is the Relevant 
Percentage or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes originally issued (and, for these 
purposes, any further Notes issued pursuant to Condition 14 and consolidated with the Notes as part 
of the same Series shall be deemed to have been originally issued), the Issuer may redeem all (but not 
some only) of the remaining outstanding Notes on any date (or, in the case of a Floating Rate Note, 
on any Interest Payment Date) upon giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 12, the Noteholders (which notice shall specify the date for redemption 
and shall be irrevocable), at par together with (if applicable) any accrued but unpaid interest up to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant 
to this Condition 5(e), the Issuer shall deliver to the Paying Agent a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes 
is the Relevant Percentage or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes originally issued. 
The Paying Agent shall be entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction 
of the circumstances set out above and without further enquiry or liability for so doing, in which event 
it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders. 
"Relevant Percentage" means such percentage as may be specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if no such percentage is so specified, 20 per cent. 
(f) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraph (b) above and Condition 8, the Notes of any Series will be redeemed at 
the Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes) with a Final Redemption Amount which 
is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in a Specified Currency 
other than that in which the Notes are denominated, at the amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no such amount is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at their nominal 
amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") equal to the 
sum of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield specified in the applicable Final Terms (compounded 
annually) being applied to the Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to

--- Page 161 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 155 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and payable; or 
(iv) 
if and to the extent not taken into account in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above, adding (if 
appropriate) interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
(g) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates may, at any time purchase beneficially or procure 
others to purchase beneficially for its account Notes of any Series (provided that, in the case of 
definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) in the open 
market, by tender or by private treaty. Notes purchased or otherwise acquired by the Issuer or any of 
its subsidiaries or affiliates may be held or resold or, at the discretion of the Issuer, surrendered to the 
Agent for cancellation (together with (in the case of definitive Notes) any unmatured Coupons 
attached thereto or purchased therewith). 
(h) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed or purchased or otherwise acquired as aforesaid and surrendered to the 
Agent for cancellation will forthwith be cancelled (together, in the case of definitive Notes, with all 
matured Coupons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption) and thereafter 
may not be re-issued or resold. 
(i) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c) or (d) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 8 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph (e)(iii) above as 
though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier 
of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12.

--- Page 162 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 156 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
(j) 
Interpretation 
In relation to CMU Notes, references in this Condition 5 to the Agent shall be deemed to be to the 
CMU Lodging and Paying Agent. 
6 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and/or interest in respect of Notes and/or Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer 
shall (save as may be provided in the applicable Final Terms) be made without withholding or deduction for, 
or on account of, any present or future tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge of whatsoever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of The Netherlands or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result (after such 
withholding or deduction) in receipt by the holders of the Notes or Coupons of the sums which would have 
been receivable (in the absence of such withholding or deduction) by them in respect of their Notes and/or 
Coupons; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
held by or on behalf of any holder who is liable to such tax, duty, assessment or charge in respect of 
such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with The Netherlands other than the 
mere holding of such Note or Coupon; and/or 
(b) 
as a result of any withholding or deduction pursuant to the Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021); and/or 
(c) 
in circumstances where such withholding or deduction would not be required if the holder or any 
person acting on his behalf had obtained and/or presented any form or certificate or had made a 
declaration of non-residence or similar claim for exemption upon the presentation or making of which 
the holder would have been able to avoid such withholding or deduction. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any amounts to be paid by the Issuer on the Notes will be paid net of any 
deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), any current or future official interpretations thereof or 
regulations with respect to such Sections, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the 
Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental 
agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (or any law 
implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (a "FATCA Withholding Tax"), and the Issuer will 
not be required to pay additional amounts on account of any FATCA Withholding Tax. 
The "Relevant Date" in respect of any payment means the date on which such payment first becomes due 
or (if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received (in the case of Notes other than CMU 
Notes) in London by the Agent or (in the case of CMU Notes) in Hong Kong by the CMU Lodging and 
Paying Agent, in either case on or prior to such due date) the date on which, the full amount of such moneys 
having been so received, notice to that effect is given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12.

--- Page 163 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 157 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
7 
Prescription 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made 
within a period of ten years (in case of principal) and five years (in case of interest) after the Relevant Date 
(as defined in Condition 6) therefor. There shall be no prescription period for Talons but there shall not be 
included in any Coupon sheet issued in exchange for a Talon any Coupon the claim for payment in respect 
of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 7 or Condition 4(b) or any Talon which would be void 
pursuant to Condition 4(b).  
8 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall occur and is continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made for a period of seven days or more in the payment of any principal or 14 days or 
more in the payment of any interest due in respect of the Notes of that Series or any of them;  
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Notes of that Series and 
the Coupons (if any) relating thereto and such failure continues for a period of 30 days after written 
notice thereof has been given by a Noteholder to the Issuer requiring the same to be remedied;  
(c) 
the Issuer is declared bankrupt; or 
(d) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up or liquidation of the Issuer, 
unless this is done in connection with a merger, consolidation or other form of combination with 
another company, the terms of which merger, consolidation or combination (A) have the effect of the 
emerging or such surviving company assuming all obligations contracted by the Issuer in connection 
with the Notes or (B) have previously been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders; 
then any Noteholder may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Agent, effective upon 
the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare the Note(s) held by such Noteholder to be forthwith due and 
payable. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, Notes which become due and repayable 
pursuant to this Condition 8 shall be repaid by the Issuer at the relevant Early Redemption Amount specified 
in Condition 5(f), together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, 
demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
9 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note (including any global Note), Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or 
destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified office of (in the case of Notes other than CMU Notes) the 
Agent or (in the case of CMU Notes) the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent, upon payment by the claimant 
of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Issuer, the Agent or (in the case of CMU Notes) the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent may

--- Page 164 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 158 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements 
will be issued. 
10 
Agent and Paying Agents  
The names of the initial Agent and the other initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set 
out below. 
The Issuer is entitled at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any 
Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
so long as any Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant 
listing authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such place 
as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or relevant listing 
authority; 
(b) 
so long as there are any CMU Notes outstanding, there will at all times be a CMU Lodging and Paying 
Agent; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be an Agent. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in 
the circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 4(b). Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of 
immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
If for any reason the Calculation Agent defaults in its obligations with respect to determining such Rate(s) 
of Interest and/or Interest Amounts, the Issuer may forthwith (without requiring the consent of the 
Noteholders) terminate the appointment of, and replace, the Calculation Agent solely for the purposes of 
such determinations, in which event notice thereof shall be given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Funds received by the Agent and any other Paying Agent for the payment of any sums due in respect of the 
Notes shall be held by them for the Noteholders and/or Couponholders until the expiration of the relevant 
period of prescription under Condition 7. The Agency Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification 
of the Paying Agents and for relief from responsibility in certain circumstances, and entitles any of them to 
enter into business transactions with the Issuer without being liable to account to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders for any resulting profit.

--- Page 165 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 159 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
11 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, 
the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may (subject to Condition 7) be surrendered at the 
specified office of (in the case of Notes other than CMU Notes) the Agent, (in the case of CMU Notes) the 
CMU Lodging and Paying Agent or, in any case, any other Paying Agent outside the United States in 
exchange for a further Coupon sheet, including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to 
(and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a 
further Talon. Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, be deemed to mature on the 
Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
12 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Notes of any Series shall be validly given if published in a leading English language 
daily newspaper of general circulation (in the case of Notes other than CMU Notes) in London (which is 
expected to be the Financial Times) or (in the case of CMU Notes) in Hong Kong (which is expected to be 
the South China Morning Post). Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of such 
publication in such leading newspaper or, if published more than once, on the date of the first publication. 
Couponholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of the Notes of any Series in accordance with this Condition 12.  
So long as no definitive Notes are in issue in respect of a particular Series, there may, so long as the global 
Note(s) for such Series is or are held in its or their entirety on behalf of (in the case of Notes other than CMU 
Notes) Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or (in the case of CMU Notes) the CMU, be substituted 
for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to (in the case of Notes other 
than CMU Notes) Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or (in the case of CMU Notes) to the CMU 
Lodging and Paying Agent for communication by them to the holders of the Notes. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the day on which the said notice was given to (in 
the case of Notes other than CMU Notes) Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or (in the case of CMU 
Notes) to the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent. 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any 
stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they 
have been admitted to trading, including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant 
authority if required by those rules. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together with the 
relative Note or Notes, with the Agent (in the case of Notes other than CMU Notes) or the CMU Lodging 
and Paying Agent (in the case of Notes which are CMU Notes). Whilst any Notes (other than CMU Notes) 
are represented by a global Note, such notice may be given by a Noteholder to the Agent via Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg may approve for this purpose. Whilst any CMU Notes are represented by a global

--- Page 166 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 160 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
Note, such notice may be given by a Noteholder to the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent via the CMU in 
such manner as the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent and the CMU may approve for this purpose. 
13 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution of Principal Debtor 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders (or the holders of the 
Notes of any one or more Series) to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning 
by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of any one or more 
Series or the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or 
Noteholders holding not less than ten per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes (or, as the case may be, the 
Notes of the relevant one or more Series) for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such 
meeting convened to consider a resolution proposed as an Extraordinary Resolution is two or more persons 
holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes (or, as the case may be, the Notes 
of the relevant one or more Series) for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more 
persons being or representing Noteholders (or, as the case may be, holders of the Notes of the relevant one 
or more Series) whatever the nominal amount of the Notes (or, as the case may be, the Notes of the relevant 
one or more Series) for the time being outstanding so held or represented, except that at any meeting the 
business of which includes the modification of certain of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (or, as the 
case may be, the Notes of the relevant one or more Series) including postponing the date of maturity of such 
Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate 
of interest payable in respect of such Notes, or varying the method of calculating the rate of interest or 
reducing the minimum or maximum rate of interest on the Notes (other than as permitted in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes (or, as the case may be, the Notes of the relevant one or more Series)), altering the 
currency of payment of such Notes and the Coupons relating thereto or modifying the majority required to 
pass an Extraordinary Resolution, the necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be two 
or more persons holding or representing not less than two thirds, or at any adjourned such meeting not less 
than one third, in nominal amount of the Notes (or, as the case may be, the Notes of the relevant one or more 
Series) for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution in writing or duly passed at any meeting 
of the Noteholders (or, as the case may be, holders of the Notes of the relevant one or more Series) shall be 
binding on all the Noteholders (or, as the case may be, holders of the Notes of the relevant one or more 
Series), whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all holders of Coupons relating to the relevant 
Notes. 
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less 
than 75 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and 
effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. Such 
a resolution may consist of several instruments in the like form each executed by or on behalf of one or more 
Noteholder. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders (or, as the 
case may be, the holders of the Notes or Coupons of the relevant one or more Series), to:

--- Page 167 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 161 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
(i)  any modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (or, as the case may be, the Notes of 
any one or more Series) which in their opinion is not materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the Noteholders or Couponholders (or, as the case may be, the holders of the Notes or Coupons 
of the relevant one or more Series); or 
(ii)  any modification of the Notes (or, as the case may be, the Notes of the relevant one or more 
Series) or the Coupons relating thereto which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made 
to correct a manifest error or an error which is proven or to comply with mandatory provisions 
of the law of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated.  
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders (or, as the case may be, 
the holders of the Notes or Coupons of the relevant one or more Series) and any such modification shall be 
notified to the Noteholders (or, as the case may be, the holders of the Notes of the relevant one or more 
Series) in accordance with Condition 12 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
14 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the relevant Noteholders or 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as (or the same in all 
respects save for the Issue Date, Interest Commencement Date and Issue Price), and so that the same shall 
be consolidated and form a single Series with, the outstanding Notes of a particular Series. 
15 
Calculation Agent determination 
All discretions exercised and calculations and determinations made in respect of the Notes by the Calculation 
Agent shall be made in good faith and shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent, the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
16 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
The Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of The Netherlands.  
The Issuer irrevocably agrees for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders that the court 
(rechtbank) in Amsterdam, The Netherlands shall have exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, 
action or proceedings, and to settle any disputes, (respectively, "Proceedings" and "Disputes") arising out 
of or in connection with the Notes (including Proceedings and Disputes relating to any non-contractual 
obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes or Coupons) and accordingly submits to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the Amsterdam courts.

--- Page 168 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 162 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer to fund its general banking business. 
If, in respect of a particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms (or in the Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes).

--- Page 169 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 163 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
1 
Overview 
NatWest Markets N.V. (the "Issuer" or "NWM NV") is a wholly owned subsidiary of RBSH. The "NWM 
NV Group" comprises of the Issuer and its subsidiary and associated undertakings. The term "NatWest 
Markets Group" comprises RBSH and its subsidiary, the Issuer. With effect from 29 November 2019, 
RBSH is a wholly-owned subsidiary of NatWest Markets Plc ("NWM Plc"). The term "NWM Group" 
comprises NatWest Markets Plc ("NatWest Markets") and its subsidiary and associated undertakings. 
NatWest Group plc is the ultimate holding company and the term "NatWest Group" comprises NatWest 
Group plc and its subsidiary and associated undertakings. NatWest Group plc is registered at 36 St Andrew 
Square, Edinburgh, Scotland. 
2 
History and Recent Developments  
2.1  
History 
The Issuer is a public company with limited liability (naamloze vennootschap) incorporated under the laws 
of The Netherlands, has its registered address at Claude Debussylaan 94, 1082 MD Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands and is registered in The Netherlands with the trade register of the Dutch Chamber of Commerce 
under number 33002587. The Issuer was incorporated on 7 February 1825. 
Over time, the size and shape of the NWM Group’s business and products and services offering has changed 
significantly. The NWM Group historically had a large, global investment banking presence, including as a 
result of the acquisition of National Westminster Bank in 2000 and the acquisition of ABN AMRO in 2007 
in a consortium with Fortis and Banco Santander, but in 2009, initiated a significant restructuring of its 
wholesale investment and corporate banking business following the NatWest Group’s strategic shift towards 
retail, commercial and institutional banking in the UK and Europe. In the context of this multi-year 
transformation, the NWM Group simplified its operating model, reduced its geographic footprint and 
products offering, refocused its core strengths and capabilities and created a more focused corporate and 
institutional bank built on its existing Currencies, Rates and Financing product and service strengths. This 
exercise also involved running down a consolidated portfolio of NatWest Group legacy assets with high 
long-term capital intensity and high credit risk exposure, pooled in the NatWest Group business segment 
formerly known as 'Capital Resolution'. This business segment was wound up at the end of 2017, but the 
remaining tail of the legacy assets portfolio has been integrated back into the NWM Group’s structure. In 
2013, the UK Government passed legislation which required UK banks to separate their retail and investment 
banking activities by 1 January 2019. These measures aimed to protect the core retail banking services on 
which customers rely by 'ring-fencing' such activities from risks associated with other activities, which 
remain outside the ring-fence.

--- Page 170 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 164 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
To comply with this legislation, the NatWest Group undertook a reorganisation of its group legal entity 
structure and business model. Following the reorganisation, the NatWest Group has been split into ring-
fenced and non-ring-fenced entities. NatWest Group has placed the majority of the UK banking business in 
ring-fenced banking entities under an intermediate holding company, NatWest Holdings Limited. NWM Plc 
and RBS International Limited (RBSI Ltd) are separate banks outside the ring-fence. RBSH, which is the 
parent company of the Issuer, is a direct subsidiary of NWM Plc and an indirect subsidiary of NatWest Group 
plc. NWM NV is outside the ring-fence.  
The chart below indicates the NatWest Group’s current structure:  
 
2.2  
Recent Developments 
Growing Sustainably  
In 2022, the Issuer has made good progress through its 'one bank' initiatives to grow in its target customer 
segment and markets. Against a backdrop of challenging market conditions and reduced levels of market 
liquidity in fixed income markets, the Issuer has overall again delivered a strong financial performance in 
the first half of this year and maintained its strong capital and liquidity position. The Issuer continues to 
monitor the evolving economic outlook including the continued rise in cost of living and is mindful of the 
impact that rising inflation, higher interest rates and supply-chain shortages are having on its customers. The

--- Page 171 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 165 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
Issuer continues to monitor the situation closely regarding the Russian invasion of Ukraine. The Issuer has 
no material direct exposure to the region through its operations or material dependencies on suppliers. 
The Issuer continues to make progress in its remediation programmes relating to financial crime, data 
management, outsourcing and capital models and its progress is shared regularly with the relevant 
supervisors. 
At the end of H1 2024 the Issuer had contributed EUR 25.6 billion towards the climate and sustainable 
funding and financing target1 for the Natwest Group as a whole of GBP 100 billion between 1 July 2021 and 
the end of 2025. The climate and sustainable funding and financing consists of underwriting (in the form of 
green and sustainability bond public issuances and private placements2 , sustainability-linked bonds and 
private placements3 and wider financing within the climate and sustainable funding and financing inclusion 
("CSFFI")4 and lending (in the form of sustainability-linked loans5). 
More climate-related disclosures can be found in the section entitled "Climate-related disclosures" of NWM 
NV's 2022 annual report, the section entitled "Climate-related disclosures" of NWM Plc's 2022 annual report 
and the 'NatWest Group plc 2022 Climate-related Disclosures Report' published on its website. 
Business transfers 
The Issuer began transacting new business on 25 March 2019 as part of preparations to ensure continuity of 
service to NatWest Group’s EEA customers for the period after the UK would have left the EU. The activities 
transferred primarily relate to Markets and Corporate Lending portfolios for EEA customers previously 
served from NWM Plc and the ring-fenced bank. The transfer was governed under Part VII Business Transfer 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA Scheme"). 
3 
Business and Customers 
The Issuer aims to help corporates and financial institutions manage their financial risks and support them 
in achieving their short and long-term financial goals while navigating changing markets and regulation, 
 
1  
This comprises funding and financing for climate and sustainable finance to support transition towards a net zero and climate-resilient 
economy. NatWest Group uses its climate and sustainable funding and financing inclusion criteria (CSFFI criteria) to determine the 
assets, activities and companies that are eligible to be counted towards its climate and sustainable funding and financing targets. 
2  
Underwriting of specific use of proceeds debt capital market issuances for project expenditures, as well as green loan commitments when 
customers meet the CSFFI criteria. 
3  
Sustainability-linked loans, bonds and private placements made to customers, in line with Loan Market Association ("LMA") 
Sustainability Linked Loan principles and International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") Sustainability-Linked Bond principles 
where deal targets include green performance indicators, aligned to CSFFI criteria. 
4  
In addition to transactions that directly meet CSFFI criteria based on use of proceeds for green purposes, the CSFFI criteria also includes 
wider financing (including bonds and private placements) to a customer who can evidence (to NatWest Group’s satisfaction through 
review of the customers’ profit and loss statement or balance sheet): 50% or more of revenues from the categories and sectors outlined 
in the criteria, or for fund clients 75% of assets under management invested in assets that meet the CSFFI criteria, or for Real Estate and 
Utilities companies 75% of their assets in categories or sectors outlined by the CSFFI criteria. 
5  
See footnote 2 above.

--- Page 172 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 166 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
built around rates, currencies and financing products. The majority of the Issuer's activities relate to Markets 
and Corporate Lending portfolios for customers in the EEA. The suite of products and services that are 
offered by the Issuer are centred around three pillars: 
Fixed income 
Fixed income includes a range of cash bond, repo and interest rate derivatives products that support 
customers' financing and hedging needs, together with the provision of liquidity and credit trading 
capabilities to support capital markets activities. 
Currencies 
Foreign exchange (FX) services offered include high value content, bespoke risk management solutions with 
digital delivery through electronic platforms and venues. Currencies products include spot FX, FX forwards, 
FX swaps and FX options across G10 and emerging markets currencies. 
Capital markets  
The Issuer’s capital markets offering helps customers access global debt markets across a wide variety of 
products and target markets, including bonds, loans, commercial paper, medium term notes, hybrids, liability 
management and private placements as well as the provision of bespoke financing solutions and primary 
lending products. 
The Issuer is focussed on its core European corporate customer base, global financial institutions and the 
provision of products and services to customers of the broader NatWest Group, providing access to markets 
products and services for NatWest Group entities across commercial, private banking and personal banking 
customer segments. As such, the Issuer, as part of the NWM Group non ring-fenced bank entity, and the 
NatWest Group entities inside the ring-fence continue to work together to deliver an integrated products and 
services proposition for relevant NatWest Group customers. 
4 
Strategy  
NWM NV Group is part of the NatWest Group C&I segment which was established in 2022 to better serve 
its non-personal customers and support their growth ambitions, deepen its relationships with its customers, 
and further enhance its plans for sustainable growth. 
The Issuer helps corporate and institutional customers manage their financial risks and achieve their short 
and long-term financial goals while navigating changing markets and regulation. The Issuer does this by 
providing global market access, financing, risk management and trading solutions. The Issuer provides 
access to public and private markets, funding and capital, leveraging market leading structuring and risk 
distribution capabilities through the following customer-facing businesses: Trading & Customer Sales and 
Capital Markets.

--- Page 173 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 167 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
The Issuer aims to be the partner of choice to meet the financial markets needs of NatWest Group’s customers. 
By providing the expertise, global footprint and products that its customers require, it enables the Issuer to 
drive sustainable long-term returns for its business.  
The Issuer's strategy for growth provides sustainable returns to shareholders through four strategic priorities:  
1) Supporting customers: the Issuer supports the Commercial & Institutional segment to invest in growth 
areas that matter the most to the Issuer’s customers;   
2) Powered by people, technology, innovation and partnerships: the Issuer uses technology, leverages its 
digital expertise and partners with leading external organisations to deliver excellent customer experience; 
3) Simple to deal with: the Issuer transforms its business to be simple, safe and secure – enabling it to 
deliver efficiently and safely for its customers; and 
4) Sharpened capital allocation: the Issuer demonstrates effective capital management by optimising RWAs 
and redeploying capital to its growth areas. 
The Issuer is committed to acting sustainably and responsibly and actively supports customers in their 
transition to achieving broader climate, environmental and societal goals, working with issuers and investors 
to develop holistic sustainability strategies. The Issuer is based in Amsterdam with branches authorised in 
Frankfurt, Milan, Paris and Stockholm.  
5 
Competitive Position and Main Markets 
As part of the NatWest Group’s strategy, the Issuer is the NatWest Group’s banking and trading entity serving 
customers in the EEA. The Issuer’s main market is therefore countries within the EEA, primarily The 
Netherlands, France and Germany. Other significant markets of the Issuer include Italy, the Nordics, the UK 
and the US. 
The Issuer competes with European domestic and regional banks, major international banks and a number 
of investment banks that offer the same products as the Issuer to financial institutions and European corporate 
customers. The wholesale banking segment is a competitive market, where maintaining competiveness is in 
part driven by the franchise strength, intellectual capital, resource deployment and the ability to invest and 
innovate. 
6 
Geographic footprint 
The Issuer offers its customers trading, risk management and financing solutions through its head office in 
Amsterdam as well as its branches located in France, Germany, Italy and Sweden. While it currently utilises 
global service centres in Poland and India, it has been announced internally that the Poland hub will be 
closing. Operations in the Poland hub will continue at a reduced capacity during the interim period, gradually 
winding down until the full closure is completed in March 2026.

--- Page 174 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 168 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
7 
Governmental, Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
The Issuer and certain members of NatWest Group are party to various legal proceedings and are involved 
in, or subject to, various regulatory matters, including as the subject of investigations and other regulatory 
and governmental action ("Matters") in The Netherlands, the UK, the EU, the United States and other 
jurisdictions.  
Save as set out in this section "Governmental, Legal and Arbitration Proceedings", there are no 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus 
which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability 
of NWM NV Group and/or the Issuer. 
NWM NV Group recognises a provision for a liability in relation to these Matters when it is probable that 
an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle an obligation resulting from past events, and a 
reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. 
In many of the Matters, it is not possible to determine whether any loss is probable or to estimate reliably 
the amount of any loss, either as a direct consequence of the relevant proceedings and regulatory matters or 
as a result of adverse impacts or restrictions on NWM NV Group’s reputation, businesses and operations. 
Numerous legal and factual issues may need to be resolved, including through potentially lengthy discovery 
and document production exercises and determination of important factual matters, and by addressing novel 
or unsettled legal questions relevant to the proceedings in question, before the probability of a liability, if 
any, arising can reasonably be estimated in respect of any Matter. NWM NV Group cannot predict if, how, 
or when such claims will be resolved or what the eventual settlement, damages, fine, penalty or other relief, 
if any, may be, particularly for Matters that are at an early stage in their development or where claimants 
seek substantial or indeterminate damages.  
There are situations where NWM NV Group may pursue an approach that in some instances leads to a 
settlement agreement. This may occur in order to avoid the expense, management distraction or reputational 
implications of continuing to contest liability, or in order to take account of the risks inherent in defending 
or contesting Matters, even for those for which NWM NV Group believes it has credible defences and should 
prevail on the merits. The uncertainties inherent in all Matters affect the amount and timing of any potential 
economic outflows for both matters with respect to which provisions have been established and other 
contingent liabilities in respect of any such Matter.  
It is not practicable to provide an aggregate estimate of potential liability for the Issuer’s Matters as a class 
of contingent liabilities. 
The future economic outflow in respect of any matter may ultimately prove to be substantially greater than 
or less than, the aggregate provision, if any, that NWM NV Group has recognised in respect of such Matter. 
Where a reliable estimate of the economic outflow cannot be reasonably estimated, no provision has been 
recognised.

--- Page 175 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 169 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
Matters which are, or could be, material, either individually or in aggregate, having regard to NWM NV 
Group, considered as a whole, in which NWM NV Group is currently involved are set out below. We have 
provided information on the procedural history of certain Matters, where we believe appropriate, to aid the 
understanding of the Matter. 
NatWest Group is involved in ongoing litigation and regulatory matters that are not described below but are 
described on pages 100 to 105 in the 2024 interim financial report of NatWest Group. NatWest Group expects 
that in future periods, additional provisions and economic outflows relating to Matters that may or may not 
be currently known by NatWest Group will be necessary, in amounts that are expected to be substantial in 
some instances. While NWM NV Group may not be directly involved in such NatWest Group matters, any 
final adverse outcome of those matters may also have an adverse effect on NWM NV Group. 
Litigation 
Foreign exchange litigation 
In December 2021, a summons was served in The Netherlands against NatWest Group plc, NWM Plc and 
the Issuer by Stichting FX Claims on behalf of a number of parties, seeking declarations from the court 
concerning liability for anti-competitive FX market conduct described in decisions of the European 
Commission (EC) of 16 May 2019, along with unspecified damages. The claimant amended its claim to also 
refer to a 2 December 2021 decision by the EC, which described anti-competitive FX market conduct. 
NatWest Group plc, NWM Plc and other defendants contested the jurisdiction of the Dutch court. In March 
2023, the district court in Amsterdam accepted that it has jurisdiction to hear claims against the Issuer but 
refused jurisdiction to hear any claims against the other defendant banks (including NatWest Group plc and 
NWM Plc) brought on behalf of the parties represented by the claimant that are domiciled outside of The 
Netherlands. The claimant is appealing that decision. The defendant banks have brought cross-appeals which 
seek a ruling that the Dutch court has no jurisdiction to hear any claims against the defendant banks domiciled 
outside of The Netherlands, irrespective of whether the claim has been brought on behalf of a party 
represented by the claimant that is domiciled within or outside of The Netherlands. The Amsterdam Court 
of Appeal has stayed these appeal proceedings until the Court of Justice of the European Union has answered 
preliminary questions that have been referred to it in another matter. 
In September 2023, second summonses were served by Stichting FX Claims on the Issuer, NatWest Group 
plc and NWM Plc, for claims on behalf of a new group of parties that have been brought before the district 
court in Amsterdam. The summonses seek declarations from the Dutch court concerning liability for anti-
competitive FX market conduct described in the above referenced decisions of the EC of 16 May 2019 and 
2 December 2021, along with unspecified damages. NatWest Group plc, NWM Plc and other defendants are 
contesting the Dutch court's jurisdiction. The district court has stayed proceedings pending judgment in the 
above-mentioned appeals.  
In May 2024, a new letter of claim was received from Stichting FX Claims on behalf of a further group of 
parties, containing allegations that are similar in nature to those contained in the above-mentioned claims.

--- Page 176 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 170 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
Litigation and regulatory matters continued 
Certain other foreign exchange transaction related claims have been or may be threatened. NWM NV Group 
cannot predict whether all or any of these claims will be pursued. 
Madoff  
The Issuer was named as a defendant in two actions filed by the trustee for the bankrupt estates of Bernard 
L. Madoff and Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC, in bankruptcy court in New York, which 
together seek to clawback more than US$298 million that the Issuer allegedly received from certain Madoff 
feeder funds and certain swap counterparties. The claims were previously dismissed, but as a result of an 
August 2021 decision by the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit ("US Court of Appeals"), 
they are now proceeding in the discovery phase in the bankruptcy court, where they have been consolidated 
into one action.  
US Anti-Terrorism Act litigation  
The Issuer and certain other financial institutions, are defendants in several actions filed by a number of US 
nationals (or their estates, survivors, or heirs), most of whom are or were US military personnel, who were 
killed or injured in attacks in Iraq between 2003 and 2011. NWM Plc is also a defendant in some of these 
cases. 
According to the plaintiffs’ allegations, the defendants are liable for damages arising from the attacks because 
they allegedly conspired with and/or aided and abetted Iran and certain Iranian banks to assist Iran in 
transferring money to Hezbollah and the Iraqi terror cells that committed the attacks, in violation of the US 
Anti-Terrorism Act, by agreeing to engage in 'stripping' of transactions initiated by the Iranian banks so that 
the Iranian nexus to the transactions would not be detected.  
The first of these actions, alleging conspiracy claims but not aiding and abetting claims, was filed in the 
United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York in November 2014. In September 2019, the 
district court dismissed the case, finding that the claims were deficient for several reasons, including lack of 
sufficient allegations as to the alleged conspiracy and causation. In January 2023, the US Court of Appeals 
affirmed the district court’s dismissal of this case. The plaintiffs have now filed a motion in the district court 
to re-open the case to assert aiding and abetting claims that they previously did not assert, which the 
defendants are opposing. Another action, filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District 
of New York ("SDNY") in 2017, which asserted both conspiracy and aiding and abetting claims, was 
dismissed by the SDNY in March 2019 on similar grounds as the first case, but remains subject to appeal to 
the US Court of Appeals. Other follow-on actions that are substantially similar to those described above are 
pending in the same courts.

--- Page 177 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 171 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
8 
Regulatory matters 
NWM NV Group’s financial condition can be affected by the actions of various governmental and regulatory 
authorities in The Netherlands, the UK, the EU, the US and elsewhere. NatWest Group has engaged, and 
will continue to engage, in discussions with relevant governmental and regulatory authorities, including in 
The Netherlands, the UK, the EU, the US and elsewhere, on an ongoing and regular basis, and in response 
to informal and formal inquiries or investigations, regarding operational, systems and control evaluations 
and issues including those related to compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including consumer 
protection, investment advice, business conduct, competition/anti-trust, VAT recovery, anti-bribery, anti-
money laundering and sanctions regimes.  
Any matters discussed or identified during such discussions and inquiries may result in, among other things, 
further inquiry or investigation, other action being taken by governmental and regulatory authorities, 
increased costs being incurred by NWM NV Group, remediation of systems and controls, public or private 
censure, restriction of NWM NV Group’s business activities and/or fines. Any of these events or 
circumstances could have a material adverse effect on NWM NV Group, its business, authorisations and 
licences, reputation, results of operations or the price of securities issued by it, or lead to material additional 
provisions being taken. 
9 
Information Technology and Operations 
As part of the NWM Group, the Issuer's IT infrastructure and operations are managed on an outsourced base 
by a global team spanning locations in the UK, Poland and India (although the Poland hub will be closing, 
see also "Geographic footprint" above). The team contributes to the Issuer’s future growth and success in a 
number of ways, including the modernisation and simplification of the NWM Group’s core infrastructure 
and services, much of which is currently consumed from NatWest Group plc. There are a number of key 
drivers behind the modernisation and simplification of the NWM Group’s infrastructure, such as cost 
efficiencies, acceleration of innovation, interoperability and the speed at which the NWM Group can deliver 
its products and services to customers and engagement with market participants – all made possible through 
amongst others cloud-technology and intelligent automation. The NWM Group is also refreshing the suite 
of tools employees use to help them to be more creative, collaborative and productive wherever they are and 
to actively support in continuous learning and well-being. 
10 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2023, NWM NV Group employed approximately 250 people (full-time equivalent basis, 
including temporary workers), within continuing operations. 
11 
Management and shareholdings  
11.1  
Managing Board

--- Page 178 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 172 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
The members of the Managing Board and NWM NV Group are responsible for the general affairs of NWM 
NV Group and its subsidiaries. The members are appointed by the General Meeting of Shareholders.  
The Supervisory Board of NWM NV nominates one or more candidates for each vacant seat in the Managing 
Board. The members of the Managing Board are accountable both collectively and individually for all 
decisions taken by the Managing Board. The members of the Managing Board are appointed by the general 
meeting of shareholders of NWM NV. 
The Chairman of the Managing Board leads the members of the Managing Board in its overall management 
of NWM NV Group to achieve its performance goals and ambitions. The Chairman of the Managing Board 
is the main point of liaison with the Supervisory Board. The Chief Financial Officer is responsible for the 
financial affairs of NWM NV Group. The Chief Risk Officer position is currently vacant and recruitment is 
well under way. Alongside their overall corporate responsibilities, the members of the Managing Board are 
responsible for the management of the control and support functions. The Managing Board has delegated 
certain tasks to a number of Managing Board committees which are described in paragraph 10.2 below. 
Composition of the Managing Board 
The members of the Managing Board as at the date of this Base Prospectus are as follows: 
 
 
Date of first appointment 
Date for re-election 
Vincent Goedegebuure 
(Dutch, male) 
9 May 2022 
9 May 2026 
Cornelis Visscher 
(Dutch, male) 
18 July 2021  
18 July 2025 
Mickey van Wieringen 
(Dutch, male) 
1 May 2024 
1 May 2028 
 
Vincent Goedegebuure – Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board 
Mr Goedegebuure is an experienced senior executive in the finance sector who took up his present role in 
May 2022. In prior roles, he has led international business units and leadership teams across the EU, 
Americas and Asia-Pacific. Immediately prior to this role, Mr Goedegebuure was Global Head of Client 
Coverage for ABN AMRO's Corporate & Institutional Banking business with responsibility for leading a 
team of bankers and functional teams across multiple geographies. Mr Goedegebuure holds a Master's degree 
in Economics from the University of Groningen and a Master's degree in Business Administration from IESE 
Business School. Mr Goedegebuure joined the Managing Board as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
on the 9th of May 2022.  
Cornelis Visscher – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr Visscher graduated from the Vrije Universiteit in Amsterdam with a degree in Business Economics, 
specialised in Financial Accounting and Management Accounting. He started his career at ABN AMRO in

--- Page 179 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 173 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
1988, where, after several functions in Divisional and Group Finance, he ultimately became the head of the 
Group Consolidation Department. Following the acquisition of ABN AMRO by NatWest Group and 
Consortium members, Mr Visscher joined NatWest Group. As of 2013 Mr Visscher is the Chief Financial 
Officer for NWM NV Group and a member of the NWM NV Managing Board. From September 2021 until 
May 2022, he took on the role and accountabilities of interim Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the 
NWM NV Managing Board. He was also a member of NatWest Markets Executive Committee. 
Mickey van Wieringen – Chief Operating Officer 
Mr Van Wieringen started his career at PriceWaterhouseCoopers after finalising his degree as a chartered 
accountant at the University of Amsterdam.  
He subsequently spent 18 years at ING Bank in Bankwide Operations (Head of Global Risk & Control and 
Global Process Leader for Financial Crime) and in Internal Audit (Chief Auditor Global Asset Management 
and Chief Auditor Risk & Finance). He joined NWM NV in July 2019, starting as Head of Audit for NWM 
NV and since 2022 also covering the NWM regions US and APAC. He was appointed to the Managing Board 
of NWM NV on 1 May 2024. 
11.2 
Managing Board Committees 
 
In order to provide effective oversight and leadership, the Managing Board has three sub-committees, being 
the Risk & Control Committee (RCC), the Asset & Liability management Committee (ALCo) and the 
Disclosure Committee. 
Risk & Control Committee (RCC) 
The RCC oversees the risk framework within NWM NV Group, monitors the actual risk profile and advises 
the Managing Board on these matters. Its scope is, amongst others, credit, market, operational, compliance 
and financial crime, and regulatory risk within NWM NV Group. 
Asset & Liability Committee (ALCo)  
The Managing Board has delegated to the ALCo the responsibility for the management of capital, liquidity, 
interest rate risk and foreign exchange risk. This includes responsibility for reviewing, approving and 
allocating balance sheet, capital, liquidity and funding limits. 
Disclosure Committee  
The Disclosure Committee advises and assists the Managing Board in fulfilling its responsibilities for 
overseeing the accuracy and timeliness of public disclosures made by NWM NV Group. This inter alia 
includes advising the Managing Board on the disclosure of financial information, e.g. the half and full year 
reports. 
11.3  
Supervisory Board

--- Page 180 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 174 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
The main task of the Supervisory Board is to supervise the Managing Board, as well as the general affairs of 
NWM NV Group and its associated enterprises. Furthermore, it assists and advises the Managing Board and 
supervises the corporate governance structure of NWM NV Group.  
In performing their duties, the members of the Supervisory Board are guided by the interests of NWM NV 
Group and the businesses connected to it taking into account the relevant interests of NWM NV Group's 
stakeholders. Certain powers are vested in the Supervisory Board, including the approval of certain 
resolutions of the Managing Board.  
Composition of the Supervisory Board 
The members of the Supervisory Board as at the date of this Base Prospectus are as follows: 
Frank Dangeard– Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
Mr Dangeard was appointed as the Chairman and member of the NWM NV Supervisory Board on 18 April 
2024. 
Mr Dangeard is currently Chairman of the NatWest Markets Plc Board of Directors. In that capacity, he is 
also member of the Performance and Remuneration Committee, Nominations Committee. Attendee of Audit 
Committee, Board Risk Committee of NatWest Markets Plc. 
As well as being Chairman of NatWest Markets Plc Board of Directors, Mr Dangeard is chairman of 
NortonLifelock (US) and of Spear Investments B.V. (The Netherlands). He also serves on the boards of the 
NatWest Group (UK) and IHS Towers (Cayman Islands).  
Previously, Mr Dangeard has served on boards of major corporations in the financial, technology, telecom 
and energy sector. He has also chaired the Strategy Board of PwC (France), and has been a member of the 
Advisory Boards of the Harvard Business School (USA) and of École des Hautes Études Commerciales 
(France). 
From 2004 to 2008, Mr Dangeard served as Chairman & CEO of Thomson SA (France) and prior to that as 
Deputy CEO of France Télécom. Mr Dangeard's earlier career was predominantly spent in investment 
banking, where he was a Managing Director of SG Warburg & Co, first in London, then in charge of the 
Spanish activities, and finally of the French activities as Chairman of SG Warburg France. From 1986 to 
1988, he was with Sullivan & Cromwell LLP, a US law firm, in New York and London. 
Robert Begbie 
Mr Begbie was appointed Chief Executive Officer of the Commercial and Institutional franchise of the 
NatWest Group in March 2024 after having been the Chief Executive Officer of NWM Plc since June 2020, 
having joined the executive management team of NatWest Group in December 2019. NWM Plc supports 
corporate and institutional customers, helping them to manage their risk and access international capital 
markets.

--- Page 181 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 175 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
Mr Begbie was appointed as the Chairman and member of the NWM NV Supervisory Board on 1 April 2020. 
On 18 April 2024, he was succeeded as Chairman by Mr Dangeard.  
Mr Begbie has been with NatWest Group for 40 years and has extensive experience in treasury and capital 
markets. During his career, he has built successful capital markets businesses across fixed income, 
derivatives, asset management and cash markets and led teams in the UK, Europe, Asia and the US.  
After spending 20 years in our Markets business, Mr Begbie joined NatWest Group Treasury in 2009 where 
he was instrumental in transforming the NatWest Group's balance sheet. In 2017 Mr Begbie was appointed 
as NatWest Group Treasurer with responsibilities for all aspects of Treasury and the management of the 
bank's balance sheet. 
He holds an MBA from CASS Business School and is a former president of The Chartered Institute of 
Bankers in Scotland (London Branch). 
Maarten Klessens - Vice- Chairman of the Supervisory Board and Chairman of both the Audit and 
Board Risk Committee 
Mr Klessens was appointed as an independent member of the Supervisory Board on 2 September 2015 and 
re-appointed on 30 August 2019. In 2016 he joined the Supervisory Board of Bank of Africa Holding S.A. 
and in 2017 he joined the Supervisory Board of DHB Bank NV in The Netherlands. He was senior advisor 
Benelux for StormHarbour Securities LLP, London in 2014 and 2015. From 2011 he was acting head of 
Global Country Risk for NatWest Group and was responsible for country appetite setting and exposure 
management with special attention for the financial stress in the Eurozone periphery. Mr Klessens started his 
career with ABN AMRO in 1986, in structured aircraft finance. In 1997 he was appointed Corporate 
Executive Vice President for ABN AMRO and had subsequent responsibilities in wholesale product teams, 
client management and Group Risk. For 12 years he was a voting member of ABN AMRO's Group Risk 
Committee. Mr Klessens holds a postgraduate in Financial Economics of Tilburg University and a Master in 
Business Economics of Erasmus University Rotterdam and has had executive training at IMD, INSEAD and 
University of Michigan. 
Annelies van der Pauw - member of the Supervisory Board and its Audit Committee 
Ms Van der Pauw was appointed as an independent member of the Supervisory Board on 3 March 2019. Ms 
Van der Pauw was a partner of the international law firm Allen & Overy LLP (A&O) until 2020 and has 
chaired the Amsterdam corporate practice group of A&O since 2006. In her practice, Ms Van der Pauw 
focused on mergers and acquisitions and corporate governance issues. Ms Van der Pauw also has extensive 
equity capital markets experience in addition to a strong understanding of the legal environment in The 
Netherlands. Ms Van der Pauw was also the co-chair of the A&O global corporate responsibility programme 
for many years and a member of the board of the global A&O Foundation. Ms Van der Pauw has been with 
A&O and its predecessors since 1987. Presently, Ms Van der Pauw continues to hold various non-executive 
board memberships in the private and public sector.

--- Page 182 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 176 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
11.4  
Activities of the Supervisory Board and its sub-committees 
Risk and audit topics are discussed on a regular basis and a report with deliberations and findings is prepared 
for each regular meeting of the Audit Committee and Board Risk Committee. Specific nomination and 
remuneration topics are also discussed on a regular basis. The Supervisory Board has created a Remuneration 
Committee to ensure the implementation of a restrained and longterm remuneration policy that is aligned 
with the organisation's strategy and risk appetite for NWM NV Group and a Nomination Committee has 
been created to support the recruitment and selection of executives for the NWM NV Group.  
11.5 
Conflict of Interest 
The Issuer has procedures in place to ensure that the Managing Board and Supervisory Board's management 
of conflicts of interest and its powers for authorising certain conflicts are operating effectively. On 
appointment, each Managing and Supervisory director is provided with the Issuer’s guidelines for referring 
conflicts of interest to the Managing Board and Supervisory Board (as applicable). Each director is required 
to notify the Managing Board or Supervisory Board, as applicable, of any actual or potential situational or 
transactional conflicts of interest and to update the Managing Board or Supervisory Board, as applicable, 
with any changes to the facts and circumstances surrounding such conflicts. 
Up to the date of this Base Prospectus, no potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties to the Issuer 
of the members of the Management- and Supervisory Board (as listed in paragraph 11.1 and 11.3 above) and 
their private interests and/or other duties. 
11.6  
Remuneration and Benefits 
Remuneration of the Managing Board 
The Managing Board during the year 2023 comprised the following members: (1) V. Goedegebuure, (2) C. 
Visscher, (3) M. Elkenbracht and (4) A. Slach.  
As a result of the repurposing of NWM NV’s banking licence, the number of Managing Board members has 
increased in 2019 and they have spent all their time on NWM NV matters. Members receive pension benefits 
through their employment in NatWest Group. The remuneration of the Managing Board for the financial 
year 2023 is presented in aggregate in the table below. During 2023, the Managing Board comprised of (1) 
V. Goedegebuure, (2) C. Visscher, (3) M. Elkenbracht and (4) A. Slach. M. Elkenbracht and A. Slach stepped 
down from the Managing Board respectively on 1 April 2024 and 11 October 2023. NatWest Group plc and 
its subsidiaries adhere to relevant statutory requirements and NatWest Group discloses individual 
remuneration of NatWest Group executive directors, compliant with the UK PRA Remuneration Code.

--- Page 183 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 177 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Remuneration of the Supervisory Board  
The Supervisory Board during (most of) the year 2023 comprised the following members: (1) R. Begbie, (2) 
M. Klessens and (3) A. van der Pauw.  
The Supervisory Board included members employed elsewhere within NatWest Group. The Supervisory 
Board members from NatWest Group were not remunerated for time spent on matters relating to NWM NV. 
The Supervisory Board during (most of) the year 2023 comprised the following members: (1) R. Begbie, (2) 
M. Klessens, (3) A. van der Pauw and (4) A. Snel. Ms A. Snel stepped down from the Supervisory Board on 
25 March 2023. The table below provides the information for the financal year 2023 on the remuneration of 
the Supervisory Board in aggregate: 
 
11.7 
Shareholdings 
RBSH is holding 100 per cent. of the Issuer's issued and outstanding shares. The shares of the Issuer are 
unlisted. 
11.8 
Related-party transactions 
NWM NV Group has a related party relationship with associates, joint ventures, key management and 
shareholders. The UK Government through HM Treasury is the ultimate controlling party of NatWest Group 
plc. Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability to control or exercise significant influence 
over the other party in making financial or operational decisions. NWM NV Group enters into a number of 
banking transactions with related parties in the normal course of business. These transactions include loans, 
deposits, foreign currency transactions and receiving of services. These transactions are carried out on 
commercial terms and at market rates. Employees are offered preferential terms for certain banking products. 
Interim pricing agreement 
The Issuer is a party to transfer pricing arrangements with NWM Plc under which the Issuer during H1 2024 
received income of EUR 75 million (EUR 61 million in H1 2023) for business interactions with NWM Plc.

--- Page 184 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 178 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
11.9 
Business address 
The business address of the members of the Managing Board and the Supervisory Board is Claude 
Debussylaan 94, 1082 MD Amsterdam, The Netherlands. 
12 
Material contracts 
The following agreements have been entered into by the Issuer other than in the ordinary course of business 
and could result in any member of the NWM NV Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes. 
Risk-sharing agreements 
(i) Funded guarantee by NWM Plc 
The Issuer and NWM Plc have entered into a risk-sharing arrangement that includes a funded guarantee 
provided to the Issuer by NWM Plc. This funded guarantee has a maximum value of EUR 1 billion and limits 
the Issuer's exposure to large individual customer credits. Funding is provided by NWM Plc deposits placed 
with the Issuer of not less than the guaranteed amount. At 30 June 2024 the deposits amounted to EUR 0.6 
billion and the guarantee fees in the six month period ended 30 June 2024 were EUR 2.1 million.  
(ii) Funded and unfunded guarantees by NWM Plc 
The Issuer and NWM Plc have entered into a funded and an unfunded guarantee in respect of the Issuer's 
legacy portfolio. At 30 June 2024 the exposure at default covered by the guarantees was EUR 0.2 billion (of 
which none was cash collateralised). Fees of EUR 0.5 million in relation to the guarantees were recognised 
in the six month period ended 30 June 2024.

--- Page 185 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 179 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
THE NETHERLANDS - TAXATION 
The following summary of certain Dutch taxation matters is based on the laws and practice in force (in werking 
getreden) as of the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and 
application thereof, which changes could be made with retroactive effect. The following summary does not purport 
to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold 
or dispose of a Note, and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of 
investors, some of which may be subject to special rules. 
For the purpose of the paragraph "Taxes on Income and Capital Gains" below, the term "entity" means a 
corporation as well as any other person that is taxable as a corporation for Dutch corporate tax purposes. 
For the purpose of the paragraph "Taxes on Income and Capital Gains" below it is assumed that a Holder, being 
an individual or a non-resident entity, neither has nor will have a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang), or - 
in the case of a Holder being an entity - a deemed substantial interest, in the Issuer and that a connected person 
(verbonden persoon) to the Holder neither has nor will have a substantial interest in the Issuer. 
Generally speaking, an individual has a substantial interest in a company if (a) such individual, either alone or 
together with the individual's partner, directly or indirectly has, or is deemed to have or (b) certain relatives of 
such individual or the individual's partner directly or indirectly have or are deemed to have (i) the ownership of, 
a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares representing 5 per cent. or more of either the 
total issued and outstanding capital of such company or the issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares 
of such company, or (ii) the ownership of, or certain rights over, profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) 
that relate to 5 per cent. or more of either the annual profit or the liquidation proceeds of such company.   
Generally speaking, a non-resident entity has a substantial interest in a company if such entity, directly or 
indirectly has (I) the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares representing 
5 per cent. or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of such company or the issued and 
outstanding capital of any class of shares of such company, or (II) the ownership of, or certain rights over, profit 
participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5 per cent. or more of either the annual profit or the 
liquidation proceeds of such company. Generally an entity has a deemed substantial interest in a company if such 
entity has disposed of or is deemed to have disposed of all or part of a substantial interest on a non-recognition 
basis. 
Where this summary refers to a holder of a Note, an individual holding a Note or an entity holding a Note, such 
reference is restricted to an individual or entity holding legal title to as well as an economic interest in such Note 
or otherwise being regarded as owning a Note for Dutch tax purposes. It is noted that for purposes of Dutch 
income, corporate, gift and inheritance tax, assets legally owned by a third party such as a trustee, foundation or 
similar entity, may be treated as assets owned by the (deemed) settlor, grantor or similar originator or the 
beneficiaries in proportion to their interest in such arrangement. 
Where the summary refers to "The Netherlands" or "Dutch" it refers only to the European part of the Kingdom of

--- Page 186 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 180 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
The Netherlands. 
Where this summary refers to a Note, such reference includes Coupon and Talon.  
Investors should consult their professional advisers on the tax consequences of their acquiring, holding and 
disposing of a Note. 
1. 
WITHHOLDING TAX 
All payments of principal and interest by the Issuer under the Notes can be made without withholding or deduction 
of any taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by The Netherlands or any political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, unless the Notes qualify as debt effectively functioning as equity 
within the meaning of article 10, paragraph 1, sub d, of the Corporate Tax Act (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 
1969) and save that Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) payments of interest made to an 
affiliated (gelieerde) entity of the Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction 
that is listed in the annually updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for 
tax purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or 
(ii) has a permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled 
to the interest payable for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation for another person, or 
(iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction 
treats another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (a hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as resident 
anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), or (vi) is a reverse hybrid whereby the jurisdiction of residence of a participant 
that has a qualifying interest (kwalificerend belang) in the reverse hybrid treats the reverse hybrid as tax 
transparent and that participant would have been taxable based on one (or more) of the items in (i)-(v) above had 
the interest been due to the participant directly, all within the meaning of the Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021). 
2. 
TAXES ON INCOME AND CAPITAL GAINS 
Residents 
Resident entities 
An entity holding a Note which is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch corporate tax purposes 
and which is not tax exempt, will generally be subject to Dutch corporate tax in respect of income or a capital 
gain derived from a Note at the prevailing statutory rates (up to 25.8 per cent. in 2024). 
Resident individuals 
An individual holding a Note who is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch income tax purposes 
will generally be subject to Dutch income tax in respect of income or a capital gain derived from a Note at the 
prevailing statutory rates (up to 49.5 per cent. in 2024) if:

--- Page 187 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 181 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise from which the holder derives profits 
(other than as a shareholder); or 
(ii) 
the income or capital gain qualifies as income from miscellaneous activities (belastbaar 
resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) as defined in the Income Tax Act (Wet 
inkomstenbelasting 2001), including, without limitation, activities that exceed normal, active 
asset management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (i) nor (ii) applies, the individual will in principle be subject to Dutch income tax on the basis 
of a deemed return, regardless of any actual income or capital gain derived from the Notes. For the fiscal year 
2024, separate deemed return percentages for savings, debts and investments apply as at the beginning of the 
relevant fiscal year. For the category investments (including the Notes) the percentage is 6.04 per cent. The 
applicable percentages should be updated annually on the basis of historic market yields. 
However, based on rulings of the Dutch Supreme Court (Hoge Raad) of 6 June 2024, the current system of taxation 
based on a deemed return per category of assets is in conflict with European law if the deemed return applicable 
to the relevant investments exceeds the actual return in the respective calendar year. At the date of this Base 
Prospectus, for 2024 no legislative changes have yet been proposed. Awaiting new legislation, it is expected that 
if the individual demonstrates that the actual return – calculated in accordance with the guidelines of the Dutch 
Supreme Court – is lower than the applicable deemed return, the taxable basis should be that lower amount. 
The individual's taxable income from savings and investments (including the Notes) for 2024 will be taxed at the 
prevailing statutory rate (36 per cent. in 2024).   
Non-residents 
A holder of a Note which is not and is not deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the relevant tax purposes 
will not be subject to Dutch taxation on income or a capital gain derived from a Note, unless: 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is either 
effectively managed in The Netherlands or carried on through a permanent establishment (vaste 
inrichting) or a permanent representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) taxable in The Netherlands 
and the holder derives profits from such enterprise (other than by way of the holding of 
securities); or 
(ii) 
the holder is an individual and the income or capital gain qualifies as income from miscellaneous 
activities (belastbaar resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) in The Netherlands as defined in 
the Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), including, without limitation, 
activities that exceed normal, active asset management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
3. 
GIFT AND INHERITANCE TAXES 
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of a Note by way of gift by, or on

--- Page 188 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 182 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
the death of, a holder of a Note, unless: 
(i) 
the holder is or is deemed to be, resident in The Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions; or 
(ii) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the 
time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions. 
4. 
VALUE ADDED TAX 
There is no Dutch value added tax payable by a holder of a Note in respect of payments in consideration for the 
issue or acquisition of a Note, payments of principal or interest under a Note, or payments in consideration for a 
disposal of a Note. 
5. 
OTHER TAXES AND DUTIES 
There is no Dutch registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in The Netherlands by a 
holder of a Note in respect of or in connection with the execution, delivery and/or enforcement by legal 
proceedings (including any foreign judgment in the courts of The Netherlands) of a Note or the performance of 
the Issuer's obligations under a Note. 
6. 
RESIDENCE 
A holder of a Note will not be and will not be deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch tax purposes 
and, subject to the exceptions set out above, will not otherwise become subject to Dutch taxation, by reason only 
of acquiring, holding or disposing of a Note or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of a Note.

--- Page 189 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 183 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CERTAIN OTHER TAXATION CONSIDERATIONS 
 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission Proposal") for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia, 
Slovakia (the "participating Member States") and Estonia. Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate.  
The Commission Proposal has a very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions referred to 
in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt.  
Under the Commission Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least 
one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member 
State.  
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States and the 
scope of any such tax is uncertain. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of 
which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. The European Commission 
indicated in their Communication on Business Taxation for the 21st Century dated 18 May 2021 that it still 
considers introducing an FTT. Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice 
in relation to the FTT. 
FATCA Withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer is 
a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including The Netherlands) have 
entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain 
aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the publication of the final regulations 
defining "foreign passthru payment". Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these

--- Page 190 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 184 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant 
to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional 
amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 191 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 185 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (the "Programme Agreement") dated 20 August 2024, agreed 
with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any 
such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes" above. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain 
of their expenses in connection with the establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme.  
Selling Restrictions  
(a) 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to, or for the account or benefit of, a United States person, 
except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the 
regulations thereunder. The applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it will not 
offer, sell or deliver any Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion 
of the distribution of all Notes of such Tranche (the "distribution compliance period") except in 
accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, and it will have sent to each other 
dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration to which it sells Notes 
during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons. Each Dealer has further represented and agreed, and each further dealer or distributor will 
be required to further agree, that it, its affiliates or any persons acting on its or their behalf have not 
engaged and will not engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to the Notes, and it and they 
have complied and will comply with all of the offering restrictions of Regulation S of the Securities

--- Page 192 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 186 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes of a Tranche, an offer 
or sale of Notes of such Tranche within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating 
in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act if such offer is 
made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities 
Act. 
(b) 
EEA 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II;  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
(c) 
The Netherlands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that as long as it does not have the benefit of a licence or exemption 
as investment firm of the relevant type pursuant to the FMSA, it shall not offer any Notes or distribute 
this Base Prospectus or any circulars, offer documents or information relating to the Issuer or the 
Notes in The Netherlands. 
Zero Coupon Notes in definitive bearer form and other Notes in definitive bearer form on which 
interest does not become due and payable during their term but only at maturity (savings certificates

--- Page 193 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 187 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
or spaarbewijzen as defined in The Netherlands Savings Certificates Act or Wet inzake spaarbewijzen, 
the "SCA") may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into The 
Netherlands through the mediation of either the Issuer or a member of Euronext Amsterdam NV with 
due observance of the provisions of the SCA and its implementing regulations (which include 
registration requirements). No such mediation is required, however, in respect of (i) the initial issue 
of such Notes to the first holders thereof, (ii) the transfer and acceptance by individuals who do not 
act in the conduct of a profession or business and (iii) the issue and trading of such Notes if they are 
physically issued outside The Netherlands and are not immediately thereafter distributed in The 
Netherlands. 
As used herein "Zero Coupon Notes" are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim 
for a fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on 
which no interest is due whatsoever. 
(d) 
United Kingdom 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 194 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 188 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate 
or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the 
FSMA would not, if it was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving 
the UK. 
(e) 
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia 
(the "Australian Corporations Act")) in relation to the Programme or any Notes has been, or will 
be, lodged with, or registered by, the Australian Securities and Investments Commission ("ASIC") or 
any other regulatory authority in Australia. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, unless the 
applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) (or any other supplement 
to this Base Prospectus) otherwise provides, it: 
(i) 
has not (directly or indirectly) offered or invited applications, and will not offer or invite 
applications, for the issue, sale or purchase of any Notes in, to or from Australia (including an 
offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and 
(ii) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, any information 
memorandum, prospectus or any other offering material or advertisement relating to the 
Programme or any Notes in Australia, 
unless: 
(iii) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least AUD 500,000 (or its 
equivalent in an alternative currency, and, in either case, disregarding moneys lent by the 
offeror or its associates) or the offer or invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to 
investors in accordance with Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Australian Corporations Act; 
(iv) 
the offer or invitation is not made to a person who is a "retail client" within the meaning of 
section 761G of the Australian Corporations Act; 
(v) 
such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives in Australia 
(including, without limitation, the financial services licensing requirements of Chapter 7 of 
the Australian Corporations Act); and 
(vi) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or any other regulatory 
authority in Australia.

--- Page 195 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 189 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
In addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will comply with Banking exemption No. 
1 of 2018 dated 21 March 2018 promulgated by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority and 
which requires all offers and transfers to be in parcels of not less than AUD 500,000 in aggregate 
principal amount. Banking exemption No. 1 does not apply to transfers which occur outside Australia. 
(f) 
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly 
or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or 
to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. As used in this 
paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation 
or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
(g) 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, in Hong Kong, by means of any document, 
any Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO")) other than (a) to "professional 
investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO, or (b) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong 
(the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of 
the C(WUMP)O; and 
(ii) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue and will not issue or have in 
its possession for the purposes of issue any advertisement, invitation or document relating to 
the Notes, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, which is directed at, or the contents of which 
are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so 
under the securities laws in Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are 
intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional 
investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO.

--- Page 196 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 190 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
(h) 
The People's Republic of China  
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes will not be offered or sold directly 
or indirectly within the PRC. This Base Prospectus, the Notes and any material or information 
contained or incorporated by reference herein in relation to the Notes have not been, and will not be, 
submitted to or approved/verified by or registered with the China Securities Regulatory Commission 
("CSRC") or other relevant governmental and regulatory authorities in the PRC pursuant to relevant 
laws and regulations and thus may not be supplied to the public in the PRC or used in connection 
with any offer for the subscription or sale of the Notes in the PRC. Neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any material or information contained or incorporated by reference herein constitutes an offer to sell 
or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC. 
The Notes may only be invested by PRC investors that are authorised to engage in the investment in 
the Notes of the type being offered or sold. PRC investors are responsible for obtaining all relevant 
government regulatory approvals/licenses, verification and/or registrations themselves, including, but 
not limited to, any which may be required from the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, CSRC, 
the National Administration for Financial Regulation and/or other regulatory bodies or successors of 
the aforementioned governmental and regulatory authorities, and complying with all relevant PRC 
regulations, including, but not limited to, all relevant foreign exchange regulations and/or overseas 
investment regulations. 
(i) 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly 
or indirectly, Notes in France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in Article 
L.411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier and defined in Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended, and it has 
only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France 
to such qualified investors this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other offering material 
relating to the Notes. 
(j) 
Spain 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that the Notes may not be offered or sold in Spain other than by 
institutions authorised under Spanish Law 6/2023 of 17 March, on the Securities Markets and the 
Investment Services (Ley 6/2023, de 17 de marzo, de los Mercados de Valores y de los Servicios de 
Inversión) (the "Spanish Securities Markets and Investment Services Law"), Royal Decree 
813/2023 of 8 November, on the legal regime applicable to investment services companies (Real 
Decreto 813/2023, de 8 de novembre, sobre el régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de

--- Page 197 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 191 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios de inversión), as amended or replaced from 
time to time, and related legislation to provide investment services in Spain and in accordance with 
the provisions of the Spanish Securities Markets and Investment Services Law and further developing 
legislation. 
Neither the Notes nor this Base Prospectus have been registered with the Spanish Securities Market 
Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) and therefore the Notes may not be 
offered, sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of Notes be carried out in Spain, except in 
circumstances which do not require the registration of a prospectus in Spain or without complying 
with all legal and regulatory requirements under Spanish securities laws. 
(k) 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that it understands, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge that it understands, that this Base Prospectus has not 
been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the 
Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material 
in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined 
in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time 
to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined 
in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 
of the SFA. 
(l) 
Switzerland  
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from requirement to prepare and publish a 
prospectus under the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") because either the Notes have a 
minimum denomination of CHF 100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) or more or the Notes 
will not be admitted to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland. This Base Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and no 
such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in connection with the offering of the Notes. 
(m) 
Canada 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any of 
the Notes in Canada except to purchasers in the provinces of Canada purchasing, or deemed to be 
purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted

--- Page 198 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 192 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and 
Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities 
laws. 
(n) 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers the Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Notes) and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, 
offer, sale or delivery by it of the Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the 
Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer (if any) will be required to comply with any 
additional restrictions set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 199 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 193 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Final Terms dated [date] 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of The Netherlands and having its corporate seat in 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands and registered in the Commercial Register of the Chamber of Commerce 
under number 33002587) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): X3CZP3CK64YBHON1LE12  
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
[MiFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), 
and profession clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "UK distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]

--- Page 200 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 194 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II")]/[MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]   
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets 
products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and ["Excluded Investment 
Products"]/["Specified Investment Products"] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04 N12: Notice on the Sale 
of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]

--- Page 201 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 195 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions set 
forth in the Base Prospectus dated 20 August 2024 [and the supplemental Prospectus[es] dated [•][and [•]]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Prospectus [as so 
supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of 
the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplemental Prospectus[es]] [is] [are] available for viewing at [address] [and] 
[website] and copies may be obtained from [address].] 
1 
 Issuer: 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
 
2 
 [(i)] Series Number: 
[•] 
 
 
[(ii) Tranche Number: 
[•]] 
 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [•] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 24 below, 
which 
is 
expected 
to 
occur 
on 
or 
about 
[•]/[other]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
3 
 Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
 
 
 
[CNY Currency Event] 
[Relevant Currency: USD/HKD/[•]] 
 
4 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
[(i)]  Series: 
[•] 
 
 
[(ii)  Tranche: 
[•]] 
 
5 
 Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [•]] 
 
6 
 (i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] [and integral multiples of [•] in excess thereof up 
to and including [•]. No notes in definitive form will 
be issued with a denomination above [•]] 
 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
 
7 
 [(i)] Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
 
[(ii)] Interest Commencement Date: 
[•]

--- Page 202 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 196 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
8 
 Maturity Date: 
[•] 
 
9 
 Interest Basis: 
[[•] 
per 
cent. 
Fixed 
Rate] 
[Reset Notes] 
[[EURIBOR][BBSW][BKBM][SHIBOR][HIBOR] 
[CNH 
HIBOR] 
[SOR][SIBOR][TIBOR][CDOR][STIBOR][NIBOR]
[SOFR][SONIA][€STR][SARON][TONA]+/– [•] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
10 
 Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [•] per cent. of their nominal amount 
 
11 
 Change of Interest Basis: 
[•]/Not Applicable 
 
12 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call]  
 
13 
 [Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[•]] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
14 
 Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [and [•]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [[in each case,] subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph 14(vii)] 
 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
 
[[•] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable]  
 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on][•]][Not Applicable]  
 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/365(Fixed)]/ [RBA Bond Basis] 
 
 
(vi) Determination Dates: 
[•] in each year  
 
 
(vii) Business Day Convention: 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention 
[[unadjusted]/[adjusted]]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 203 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 197 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(viii) Business Centre(s): 
[•] 
 
15 
 Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
 
(ii) First Margin: 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(iii) Subsequent Margin:  
[[+/-][•] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iv) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [and [•]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [[in each case,] subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph 15(xvii)] 
 
 
(v) Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable]  
 
 
(vi) Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vii) First Reset Date: 
[•][subject to adjustment in accordance with paragraph 
15(xv))] 
 
 
(viii) Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[•] [and [•]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
paragraph 15(xiv)] 
 
 
(ix) Reset Reference Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate/Sterling Reference Bond Rate/Non-
Sterling Reference Bond Rate/U.S. Treasury Rate] 
 
 
(x) Initial Reference Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xi) Reset Determination Time: 
[•] 
 
 
(xii) Relevant Screen Page: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xiii) Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(xiv) Mid-Swap Maturity 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xv) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual(ICMA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/ [RBA Bond Basis] 
 
 
(xvi) Determination Dates: 
[•] in each year  
 
 
(xvii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention 
[[unadjusted]/[adjusted]]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xviii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(xix) Calculation Agent (if not NatWest 
Markets Plc): 
[•]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 204 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 198 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(xx) Original Mid-Swap Rate Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(xxi) 
Initial 
Mid-Swap 
Rate 
Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
         [− Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[•] per cent.] 
 
 
(xxii) Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-
Swap Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
         [− Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-
Swap Rate: 
[•] per cent.] 
 
 
(xxiii) Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate 
Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xxiv) Subsequent Reset Rate Mid-Swap 
Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xxv) 
Subsequent 
Reset 
Rate 
Last 
Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
16 
 Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
 
(iii) Business Centre(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(iv) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
 
(v) Calculation Agent (if not NatWest 
Markets Plc): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(vi) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
 
− Reference Rate: 
[• month] [ [EURIBOR] [BBSW] [BKBM] [SHIBOR] 
[HIBOR] [CNH HIBOR] [SOR] [SIBOR] [TIBOR] 
[CDOR] [STIBOR] [NIBOR] [SOFR] [SONIA] 
[€STR] [SARON] [TONA]

--- Page 205 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 199 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
 
− 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Second day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London 
prior to the start of each Interest Period]  
 
 
 
[First day of each Interest Period] 
 
 
 
[the date falling two Business Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period] 
 
 
 
[[•] Business Day[s] prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] 
[[•] Business Day[s] prior to the end of each Interest 
Period or, if earlier, prior to the date on which the 
Notes are redeemed] 6 
 
 
 
− Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
− Calculation Method: 
[Weighted 
Average/Compounded 
Daily/Index 
Determination/ Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
− Compounded Index: 
[SONIA Compounded Index/SOFR Compounded 
Index/SARON Compounded Index/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
− Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
− Observation Look-back Period: 
[•]/Not Applicable7 
[•] [TARGET Settlement Days] 
(Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Daily 
€STR) 
 
 
 
− ARRC Fallbacks: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] – applicable if SOFR is 
the Reference Rate only  
 
 
 
− D: 
[365/360/[•]] (365 is generally selected for SONIA 
and 360 is generally selected for SOFR and €STR) 
 
 
 
− Relevant Decimal Place: 
[five/six/seven/[•]] 
 
 
(vii) ISDA Determination: 
 
− ISDA Definitions: 
 
 
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
6 
To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR or €STR, without 
the prior agreement of the Agent. To be at least 10 Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate 
is TONA, without the prior agreement of the Agent. 
7 
The Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days before the Interest Payment Date as the Interest 
Determination Date. "Observation Look-back Period" is only applicable where "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is selected as the 
Observation Method; otherwise, select "Not Applicable".

--- Page 206 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 200 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
 
− Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
(The Floating Rate Option should be selected from one 
of: CHF-SARON / EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 
ISDA Definitions apply) EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-
EuroSTR Compounded Index / GBP SONIA / GBP 
SONIA Compounded Index / HKD-HONIA / JPY-
TONA / USD-SOFR / USD-SOFR Compounded Index 
(each as defined in the ISDA Definitions). These are 
the options envisaged by the terms and conditions) 
 
 
− Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
(Designated Maturity will not be relevant where the 
Floating Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
 
 
− Reset Date: 
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set out 
in 16(ii) above and as specified in the ISDA 
Definitions] 
(The Reset Date should not be specified as "as 
specified in the ISDA Definitions" where the 2006 
ISDA Definitions are applicable) 
 
 
 
− Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
 
− Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[[•] / Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days

--- Page 207 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 201 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
Lockout Period Business Days: [[•]/Applicable 
Business Days]] 
(The number of applicable Business Days for each 
compounding method if not specified shall be five, 
unless otherwise agreed with the calculation agent.) 
 
− Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
 
− Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[[•]/Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [[•]/Applicable 
Business Days]] 
(The number of applicable Business Days for each 
averaging method if not specified shall be five, 
unless otherwise agreed with the calculation agent.) 
 
 
− Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
 
− Index Method: 
[Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[[•] / Not Applicable]]

--- Page 208 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 202 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
(The number of applicable Business Days for each 
index method if not specified shall be five, unless 
otherwise agreed with the calculation agent.) 
 
 
(viii)  Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
 
 
(ix) Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(x) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
or 
Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) 
Actual/365 
(Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
or 
360/360 
or 
Bond 
Basis 
30E/360 
or 
Eurobond 
Basis 
30E/360 
(ISDA) 
RBA Bond Basis] 
 
17 
 Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(ii) Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
18 
 
Notice periods for Condition 5(b): 
Minimum period: [•] days  
(The minimum number of business days shall be five, 
unless otherwise agreed with Clearstream) 
 
 
 
Maximum period: [•] days 
 
19 
 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Make Whole Redemption 
Price] 
 
 
(iii) Provisions applicable to Make 
Whole Redemption Price: 
[Non-Sterling 
Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Amount/Sterling 
Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) Determination Agent: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 209 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 203 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) Redemption Margin: 
[•] per cent.  
 
 
(c) Reference Bond: 
[•]   
 
 
(d) Quotation Time: 
[•]   
 
 
(e) Relevant Make Whole Screen 
 
Page: 
[•]   
 
 
(f) Reference Date: 
[•]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
 
(g) Par Redemption Date: 
[[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iv) Redeemable in part: 
[Yes][No] 
 
 
(v) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a)    Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
(b)    Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
(vi) Notice periods:  
Minimum period: [•] days 
(The minimum number of business days shall be five, 
unless otherwise agreed with Clearstream) 
 
Maximum period: [•] days 
 
 
(vii) Selection Date: 
[60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption]/[•] days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption] 
 
 
(viii) Publication 
of 
list 
of 
serial 
numbers for Notes in definitive 
form: 
[Minimum 
Period: 
[•] 
days  
Maximum Period: [•] days]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ix) Notification period in relation to 
exchange of global Note: 
[Not Applicable] / [[•] days prior to the Selection Date 
/ 10 days prior to the Selection Date] 
 
20 
 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iii) Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [•] days 
(The minimum number of business days shall be 15, 
unless otherwise agreed with Clearstream) 
 
 
Maximum period: [•] days 
 
21 
 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 210 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 204 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
22 
 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption (a) for tax reasons or (b) on 
an event of default: 
[As per Condition 5(e)/[•] per Calculation Amount] 
 
23 
 
Residual Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Relevant Percentage: 
[[•] per cent.]/ [As per the Conditions] 
 
 
(ii) 
Notice period for the purposes 
 
of Condition 5(e): 
Minimum period: [•] 
Maximum period: [•]  
 
 
(i) 
Relevant Percentage: 
[[•] per cent.]/ [As per the Conditions] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES  
 
24 
 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Form: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes [on and after the Exchange Date on 60 days' 
notice given at any time/only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event]] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes [on 60 days' notice given at any time/only upon 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event/in the limited 
circumstances set out in the Permanent Global Note]] 
 
(ii) NGN: 
[Yes][No] 
 
(iii) CMU Notes: 
[Yes][No] 
 
25 
 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
26 
 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are still 
to be made/ No/[•]]  
 
27 
 
Whether TEFRA D/TEFRA C rules 
applicable 
or 
TEFRA 
rules 
not 
applicable: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA rules not applicable]

--- Page 211 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 205 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
28 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date 
hereof, [[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date 
hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the 
scope of the Benchmarks Regulation]/[The transitional 
provisions in Article 51 (Transitional provisions) of the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply such that [administrator 
legal name] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the 
EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[•] has been extracted from [source]. NatWest Markets N.V. confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[•], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of NatWest Markets N.V.:  
 
By: ………………………………………… 
 
Duly authorised 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
 LISTING 
 
 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[Euronext Amsterdam/specify relevant regulated

--- Page 212 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 206 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
markets if relevant, admission to official list] with 
effect from [•]]/[Application is expected to be made 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted 
to 
trading 
on 
[Euronext 
Amsterdam/specify relevant regulated market, if 
relevant, admission to official list] with effect from 
[•]]  
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses relating to 
admission to trading: 
[•] 
 
2 
 RATINGS 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated.] 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been rated] [are 
expected to be rated]: 
[S&P Global Ratings UK Limited: [•]] 
[Moody's Investors Service Ltd.: [•]]  
[Fitch Ratings Limited: [•]] 
 
3 
 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
 
["Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale"], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."]/[•]] 
 
4 
 [REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
 Reasons for the offer: 
[•]/[An amount of funding equivalent to the net 
proceeds of the issue of the Notes (as at the Issue 
Date) will be allocated as funding for []/[general 
banking business] [Further details to be included] 
/[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus.]. 
 
 Estimated net proceeds: 
[•]] 
 
5 
 [Fixed rate and reset notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
 
 
 
Calculated as [•] on the Issue Date. 
 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
 
6 
 [HISTORICAL INTEREST RATES

--- Page 213 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 207 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Details of historical [[EURIBOR] [BBSW] [BKBM] [SHIBOR] [HIBOR] [CNH HIBOR] [SOR] 
[SIBOR] [TIBOR] [CDOR] [STIBOR] [NIBOR] [SOFR] [SONIA] [€STR] [SARON] [TONA] rates 
can be obtained from [Reuters].] 
 
7 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) Common Code: 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) CMU Instrument Number: 
[•] 
 
 
(iv) Clearing System: 
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking 
S.A./Central Moneymarkets Unit Service] 
 
 
(v) Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
(vi) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(vii) Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(viii) Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes] [No] 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the international central securities 
depositaries as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]  
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such 
that the Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs 
as common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem

--- Page 214 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 208 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central 
Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
(ix) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(x) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 215 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 209 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Pricing Supplement dated [date] 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of The Netherlands and having its corporate seat in 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands and registered in the Commercial Register of the Chamber of Commerce 
under number 33002587) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): X3CZP3CK64YBHON1LE12 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme. 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 FOR 
THE ISSUE OF THE NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW AND THE NETHERLANDS AUTHORITY 
FOR THE FINANCIAL MARKETS (STICHTING AUTORITEIT FINANCIËLE MARKTEN) HAS 
NEITHER APPROVED NOR REVIEWED INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN. 
[MiFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]/[other appropriate target market legend to be included]  
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), 
and profession clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target

--- Page 216 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 210 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "UK distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II")]/[MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets 
products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the

--- Page 217 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 211 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and ["Excluded Investment 
Products"]/["Specified Investment Products"] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04 N12: Notice on the Sale 
of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 20 August 2024 [and the supplemental Prospectus[es] 
dated [date] [and [date]]] ([together,] the "Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement 
of the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus. The full information that 
has been provided on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of the Pricing Supplement and the Prospectus.] 
[The Prospectus [and the supplemental Prospectus(es)] [is][are] available for viewing at [address] [and] 
[website] and copies may be obtained from [address].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
1 
Issuer: 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
 
2 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•]] 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Notes become 
fungible). 
 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [•] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 25 below, 
which 
is 
expected 
to 
occur 
on 
or 
about 
[•]/[other]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
3 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[CNY Currency Event] 
[Relevant Currency: USD/HKD/[•]] 
[US Dollar Settlement]

--- Page 218 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 212 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
(N.B. CNY Currency Event, Relevant Currency and 
US Dollar Settlement apply to Notes denominated in 
Renminbi only. A Calculation Agent will also need to 
be specified for such Notes.) 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[•] 
 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•]] 
 
5 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [•] (in the case of fungible issues 
only, if applicable) 
 
6 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] [and integral multiples of [•] in excess thereof up 
to and including [•]. No notes in definitive form will 
be issued with a denomination above [•]] 
(Note – Although the Issuer may issue Notes with a 
denomination of less than €100,000 or equivalent 
where multiple denominations above €100,000 or 
equivalent are being used the following sample 
wording should be followed: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].") 
 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
 
7 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
 
 
 
 
[(ii)] 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[•]

--- Page 219 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 213 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Reset Notes] 
[[EURIBOR] 
[BBSW] 
[BKBM] 
[SHIBOR] 
[HIBOR] [CNH HIBOR] [SOR] [SIBOR] [TIBOR] 
[CDOR] [STIBOR] [NIBOR] [SOFR] [SONIA] 
[€STR] [SARON] [TONA] [specify other reference 
rate] +/– [•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[(specify other)] 
(Further particulars specified below) 
 
10 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [•] per cent. of their nominal amount 
[(specify other)] 
 
11 
Change 
of 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of Notes 
into another interest or redemption/payment basis] 
 
12 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(Further particulars specified below)] 
 
13 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[•]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes) 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF 
ANY) PAYABLE 
14 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 220 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 214 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)  
 
 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [and [•]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [[in each case,] subject to adjustment 
in accordance with [specify Business Day Convention 
and any applicable Business Centre(s) for the 
definition of "Business Day"]] 
 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable]  
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form) 
 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on][•]][Not Applicable]  
 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/365(Fixed)] 
/[RBA 
Bond 
Basis]/[specify other] 
 
 
(vi) Determination Dates: 
[•] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
 
 
(vii) Other terms relating to method of 
calculating interest for Fixed Rate 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(viii)  Business Day Convention: 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention 
[[unadjusted]/[adjusted]]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ix) Business Centre(s): 
[•] 
 
15 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
 
(ii) First Margin: 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(iii) Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][•] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 221 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 215 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(iv) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [and [•]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [[in each case,] subject to adjustment 
in accordance with [specify Business Day Convention 
and any applicable Business Centre(s) for the 
definition of "Business Day"]] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(v) Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form) 
 
 
(vi) Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]][Not Applicable] 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form) 
 
 
(vii) First Reset Date: 
[•] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
paragraph 15(xiv)] 
 
 
(viii) Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[•] [and [•]] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
paragraph 15(xvii)] 
 
 
(ix) Reset Reference Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate/Sterling Reference Bond Rate/Non-
Sterling Reference Bond Rate/U.S. Treasury Rate] 
 
 
(x) Initial Reference Rate: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xi) Reset Determination Time: 
[•] 
 
 
(xii) Relevant Screen Page: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xiii) Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
 
(xiv) Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[•] 
 
 
(xv)  Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual(ICMA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/ [RBA Bond Basis] 
 
 
(xvi)  Determination Dates: 
[•] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
 
 
(xvii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention 
[[unadjusted]/[adjusted]]/Not Applicable]  
 
 
(xviii) 
 Business Centre(s): 
[•]

--- Page 222 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 216 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(xix)  Calculation Agent (if not NatWest 
Markets N.V.): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xx) Original Mid-Swap Rate Basis 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(xxi) Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
         [− Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[•] per cent.] 
 
 
(xxii) Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-
Swap Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
         [− Reset Period Maturity Initial 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[•] per cent.] 
 
 
(xxiii) Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate 
Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xxiv) Subsequent Reset Rate Mid-Swap 
Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xxv) Subsequent Reset Rate Last 
Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
16 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/ 
specify other] 
 
 
(iii) Business Centre(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(iv) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/specify other] 
 
 
(v) Calculation Agent (if not NatWest 
Markets Plc): 
[•]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 223 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 217 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(vi) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[• 
month] 
[ 
[EURIBOR] 
[BBSW] 
[BKBM] 
[SHIBOR] [HIBOR] [CNH HIBOR] [SOR] [SIBOR] 
[TIBOR] [CDOR] [STIBOR] [NIBOR] [SOFR] 
[SONIA] [Compounded Daily €STR] [SARON] 
[TONA] [specify other] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
− 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Second day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
 
[First day of each Interest Period] 
 
 
 
[the date falling two Business Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period (In respect of the 
Reference Rate being CNH HIBOR)] 
 
 
 
[[•] Business Day[s] prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] 
[[•] Business Day[s] prior to the end of each Interest 
Period or, if earlier, prior to the date on which the 
Notes are redeemed]  
[specify other] 8 
 
 
− 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] (In the case of EURIBOR, if not 
Reuters EURIBOR01, ensure it is a page which shows 
a composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
 
− 
Calculation Method: 
[Weighted 
Average/Compounded 
Daily 
/Index 
Determination/Not Applicable] 
 
 
− 
Compounded Index: 
[SONIA Compounded Index/SOFR Compounded 
Index/SARON Compounded Index/Not Applicable] 
 
 
8 
To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR or €STR, without 
the prior agreement of the Agent. To be at least 10 Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate 
is TONA, without the prior agreement of the Agent.

--- Page 224 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 218 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
 
− 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
 
− 
Observation Look-back Period: 
[[•]/Not Applicable 9 (Required unless Observation 
Method is specified as "Lock-out")] 
 
 
− 
ARRC Fallbacks: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] – applicable if SOFR 
is the Reference Rate only 
 
 
− 
D: 
[365/360/[•]] (365 is generally selected for SONIA 
and 360 is generally selected for SOFR and €STR)) 
 
 
− 
Relevant Decimal Place: 
[five/six/seven/[•]] (unless otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms, this will be the fifth decimal place in the 
case of the SONIA Compounded Index or where 
Weighted Average or Compounded Daily is specified 
as Calculation Method, the sixth decimal place in 
case of the SARON Compounded Index and the 
seventh decimal place in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index) 
 
 
(vii) ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
− 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
(The Floating Rate Option should be selected from 
one of: CHF-SARON / EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 
2006 ISDA Definitions apply) EUR-EURIBOR (if 
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-
EuroSTR Compounded Index / GBP SONIA / GBP 
SONIA Compounded Index / HKD-HONIA / JPY-
TONA / USD-SOFR / USD-SOFR Compounded Index 
(each as defined in the ISDA Definitions). These are 
the options envisaged by the terms and conditions) 
 
 
− 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
(Designated Maturity will not be relevant where the 
Floating Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
 
 
9 
The Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days before the Interest Payment Date as the Interest 
Determination Date. "Observation Look-back Period" is only applicable where "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is selected as the 
Observation Method; otherwise, select "Not Applicable".

--- Page 225 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 219 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
 
− 
Reset Date: 
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in 16(ii) above and as specified in 
the ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
 
− 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
 
− 
 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[[•] / Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [[•]/Applicable 
Business Days]] 
(The number of applicable Business Days for each 
compounding method if not specified shall be five, 
unless otherwise agreed with the calculation agent.) 
 
 
− 
 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
 
− 
 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[[•]/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 226 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 220 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [[•]/Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
− 
 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
 
− 
 
Index Method: 
[Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [[•] / Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(viii)  Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
 
 
(ix) Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(x) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual or Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 or 360/360 or Bond Basis 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
RBA Bond Basis 
(specify other)] 
 
 
(xiii)  Fall back provisions, rounding 
provisions, denominator and any 
other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest on Floating Rate 
[•]

--- Page 227 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 221 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes, if different from those set out 
in the Conditions: 
17 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(ii) Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable: 
[•] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18 
Notice periods for Condition 5(b): 
Minimum period: [•] days 
 
 
 
Maximum period: [•] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
 
19 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iii) Provisions applicable to Make Whole 
Redemption Price: 
[Non-Sterling 
Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Amount/Sterling 
Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) Determination Agent: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(b) Redemption Margin: 
[•] per cent.  
 
 
(c) Reference Bond: 
[•]   
 
 
(d) Quotation Time: 
[•]

--- Page 228 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 222 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(e) Relevant Make Whole Screen
 
Page: 
[•]   
 
 
(f) Reference Date: 
[•]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
 
(g) Par Redemption Date: 
[[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iv) Redeemable in part: 
[Yes][No] 
 
 
(v) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(A) 
Minimum  
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
(B) 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
(vi) Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [•] days 
 
 
 
Maximum period: [•] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
 
 
(vii) Selection Date: 
[60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption]/[•] 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption] 
 
 
 
(viii) Publication of list of serial numbers 
for Notes in definitive form: 
[Minimum period: [•] days 
Maximum period: [•] days]] 
 
 
 
(ix)  Notification period in relation to 
exchange of global Note: 
[Not Applicable] / [[•] days prior to the Selection Date 
/ 10 days prior to the Selection Date] 
 
20 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•]

--- Page 229 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 223 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iii) Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [•] days 
 
 
 
Maximum period: [•] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
 
21 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
 
22 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption (a) for tax reasons or (b) on an 
event of default: 
[As 
per 
Condition 
5(f)/[•] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/specify other] 
 
23 
Residual Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Relevant Percentage: 
[[•] per cent.]/ [As per the Conditions] 
 
(ii) 
Notice period for the purposes 
 
of Condition 5(e): 
Minimum period: [•] 
Maximum period: [•]  
 
 
Relevant Percentage: 
[[•] per cent.]/ [As per the Conditions] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO 
THE NOTES 
24 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Form: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on and after the Exchange Date on 
60 days' notice given at any time/only upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event]] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date]

--- Page 230 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 224 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes [on 60 days' notice given at any time/only upon 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event/in the limited 
circumstances set out in the Permanent Global Note]] 
 
 
 
[N.B. If Limited Exchange Event applies, insert 
details and a new form of Permanent Global Note 
needs to be executed] 
 
 
 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice at any time option 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 
includes language substantially to the following 
effect: "[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]." 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any issue 
of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes.) 
 
 
(ii) NGN: 
[Yes][No] 
(If the Notes are intended to be eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations, the New Global Note should be used. The 
New Global Note must be used if it is intended that the 
Notes be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility and a "yes" election is made in 
the section in Part B under the heading "Operational 
Information" entitled "Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility".) 
 
 
(iii) CMU Notes: 
[Yes][No] 
(If the Notes are intended to be cleared through the 
Central Moneymarkets Unit Service, CMU Notes 
should be specified.) 
 
25 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]]

--- Page 231 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 225 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
26 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made /No/[•]] 
 
27 
Other final terms or special conditions: 
(consider if additional risk factors are 
required) 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
28 
(i) 
If syndicated, names and addresses of 
Managers 
and 
underwriting 
commitments: 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments] 
 
 
(ii) Date of [Syndication] Agreement: 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
 
29 
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
 
30 
[Total commission and concession: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount]] 
 
31 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
32 
Whether TEFRA D/TEFRA C rules 
applicable or TEFRA rules not applicable 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA rules not applicable] 
 
PURPOSE OF THE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
This Pricing Supplement comprises the final terms required for issue [and] [admission to trading on [specify 
relevant market]] of the Notes described herein pursuant to the [•][•] Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
of NatWest Markets N.V. 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[•] has been extracted from [source]. NatWest Markets N.V. confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[•], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 232 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 226 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of NatWest Markets N.V.: 
 
 By:
 
………………………………………… 
 
Duly authorised 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1
 
 
LISTING 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[specify relevant market] with effect from [•]] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, indicate that 
original securities are already admitted to trading.) 
 
2
 
 
RATINGS 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated.] 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been rated] [are 
expected to be rated]: 
[S&P Global Ratings UK Limited: [•]] 
[Moody's Investors Service Limited: [•]] 
[Fitch Ratings Limited: [•]] 
 
3
 
 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the following statement: 
["Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale"], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."] [•]] 
 
4 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER

--- Page 233 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 227 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[•]/[An amount of funding equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes (as at the Issue 
Date) will be allocated as funding for []/[general banking business] [Further details to be 
included]] /[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Prospectus.]. 
 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from making profit 
and/or hedging certain risks will need to include those reasons here.)] 
 
4
 
 
[Fixed rate and reset notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
 
 
 
Calculated as [•] [include details of method of 
calculation in summary form] on the Issue Date. 
 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
 
5
 
 
[Floating rate notes only – HISTORICAL INTEREST RATES 
 
 
 
 
Details of historical [ [EURIBOR] [BBSW] [BKBM] [SHIBOR] [HIBOR] [CNH HIBOR] [SOR] 
[SIBOR] [TIBOR] [CDOR] [STIBOR] [NIBOR] [SOFR] [SONIA] [€STR] [SARON] [TONA] 
rates [repo rates for Renminbi with a maturity of seven days] [other] can be obtained from 
[Reuters].] 
 
6
 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) Common Code: 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) CMU Instrument Number: 
[•] 
 
 
(iv) Clearing System: 
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking 
S.A./Central Moneymarkets Unit Service] 
 
 
(v) Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [and 
number(s)]] 
 
 
(vi) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment

--- Page 234 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 228 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(vii) Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(viii) Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes] [No] 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the international central securities 
depositaries as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[include this text if "yes" selected in which case the 
Notes must be issued in NGN form] 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such 
that the Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs 
as common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central 
Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] [include this text if "no" 
selected] 
 
 
(ix) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
 
(x) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 235 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 229 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION AND RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme have been duly authorised 
pursuant to a resolution of the Managing Board of the Issuer dated 27 August 2018, the resolution of the 
Supervisory Board of the Issuer dated 13 February 2020 and the Asset and Liability Management Committee 
(ALCo) of the Issuer dated 18 March 2020. The update of the Programme has been duly authorised pursuant 
to a resolution of the Asset and Liability Management Committee of the Issuer dated 19 August 2024. 
Listing 
Notes which are admitted to Euronext Amsterdam will be expressed as a percentage of their nominal amount 
(excluding accrued interest). It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Amsterdam will be admitted separately as and when issued, upon submission to the AFM and to 
Euronext Amsterdam of the applicable Final Terms, subject only to the issue of the Notes of that Tranche.  
Issue Price 
The issue price and amount of the relevant Notes will be determined before filing of the applicable Final 
Terms of each Tranche, based on prevailing market conditions. 
Documents Available for Inspection or Collection 
For the 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, when 
available, be available during usual business hours on a weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays 
excepted) for inspection at the principal office of the Issuer at: NatWest Markets N.V., Claude Debussylaan 
94, 1082 MD Amsterdam, The Netherlands:  
(i) 
the deed of incorporation and the up to date articles of association of the Issuer, which are also 
available 
at 
https://investors.natwestgroup.com/fixed-income-investors/high-level-legal-entity-
structure.aspx; 
(ii) 
this Base Prospectus, any further or supplementary prospectuses relating to the Programme and each 
of the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and any further or 
supplementary 
prospectuses, 
which 
are 
also 
available 
at 
https://investors.natwestgroup.com/regulatory-news/company-announcements; 
(iii) 
the Agency Agreement (which contains the forms of the temporary and permanent global Notes, the 
definitive Notes, the Coupons and the Talons); and

--- Page 236 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 230 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
any Final Terms in respect of Notes listed on any stock exchange, which are also available at 
https://investors.natwestgroup.com/regulatory-news/company-announcements. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance 
information in connection with any issue of Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on a website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Legal Proceedings  
Other than as referred to under "Description of the Issuer – Governmental, Legal and Arbitration 
Proceedings" on page 168 of this Base Prospectus, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), 
which may have or have had during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant 
effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and/or NWM NV Group. 
No Significant Change and No Material Adverse Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of NWM NV Group 
taken as a whole since 30 June 2024 (the end of the last financial period for which the latest unaudited 
financial information of NWM NV Group has been published). 
Up to the date of this Base Prospectus there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Issuer since 31 December 2023 (the end of the last financial period for which the latest audited financial 
information of the Issuer has been published). 
Presentation of financial information 
The consolidated financial statements of NWM NV Group for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 
December 2022 have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union and with 
Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
Auditors and Financial Statements 
The consolidated financial statements of NWM NV Group for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 
December 2022 have been audited, without qualification, in accordance with Dutch law, by Ernst & Young 
Accountants LLP, independent auditors, as stated in their reports appearing herein. Ernst & Young 
Accountants LLP changed its legal form from LLP to B.V. as from 29 June 2024. The registered address of 
the EY Accountants B.V. ("EY") is Boompjes 258, 3011 XZ Rotterdam, The Netherlands. EY is registered 
at the Chamber of Commerce in The Netherlands under number 92704093. The auditors 
(registeraccountants) of EY are members of the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants 
(Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants (NBA)).

--- Page 237 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 231 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
Information Sourced from a third party 
All information presented in this Base Prospectus sourced from a third party has been accurately reproduced 
and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from such information, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the information inaccurate or misleading. 
Clearing Systems 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
The Notes (other than the CMU Notes) have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg which are the entities in charge of keeping the records. The address of Euroclear is Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The appropriate codes for each 
Tranche allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be contained in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
CMU  
The CMU is a central depositary service provided by the Central Moneymarkets Unit of the Hong Kong 
Monetary Authority (the "HKMA") for the safe custody and electronic trading between the members of this 
service (the "CMU Members") of capital markets instruments (the "CMU Instruments") which are 
specified in the CMU Reference Manual as capable of being held within the CMU. The CMU is only 
available to CMU Instruments issued by a CMU Member or by a person for whom a CMU Member acts as 
agent for the purposes of lodging instruments issued by such persons. Membership of the CMU is open to 
all members of the Hong Kong Capital Markets Association and "authorised institutions" under the Banking 
Ordinance (Cap. 155) of Hong Kong. Compared to clearing services provided by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, the standard custody and clearing service provided by the CMU is limited. In particular (and 
unlike Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg), the HKMA does not as part of this service provide any 
facilities for the dissemination to the relevant CMU Members of payments (of interest or principal) under, 
or notices pursuant to the payment or notice provisions of, the CMU Instruments. Instead, the HKMA advises 
the lodging CMU Member (or a designated paying agent) of the identities of the CMU Members to whose 
accounts payments in respect of the relevant CMU Instruments are to be credited or notices in respect of the 
relevant CMU Instruments are to be delivered, whereupon the lodging CMU Member (or the designated 
paying agent) will make the necessary payments of interest or principal or send notices directly to the 
relevant CMU Members. Similarly, the HKMA will not obtain certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
from CMU Members or provide any such certificates on behalf of CMU Members. The CMU Lodging and 
Paying Agent will collect such certificates from the relevant CMU Members identified from an issue position 
report obtained by request from the HKMA for this purpose. 
An investor may hold an interest in any Notes cleared through the CMU through an account with either 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. If that is the case, such investor will hold that interest through the 
respective accounts which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each have with the CMU.

--- Page 238 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 232 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
The current address of the CMU is 55th Floor, Two International Finance Centre, 8 Finance Street Central, 
Hong Kong. 
Other Clearing Systems 
If the Notes are to be cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information 
will be contained in the applicable Final Terms. 
Credit Ratings 
The information set out below has been extracted from the relevant websites hyperlinked below. The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by Fitch, S&P, Moody's, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
In accordance with Fitch's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on 
https://www.fitchratings.com/products/rating-definitions, a long-term rating of "A" indicates expectations of 
low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This capacity 
may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher 
ratings. In accordance with such Fitch ratings definitions, a short-term rating of "F1" indicates the strongest 
intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments. In accordance with S&P's ratings definitions 
available 
as 
at 
the 
date 
of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
on 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/article/-/view/sourceId/504352, a long-term rating of 
"A" indicates that the obligor has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, it is somewhat 
more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations 
in higher-rated categories. In accordance with such S&P ratings definitions, a short-term rating of "A-1" 
indicates that an obligor has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. In accordance with Moody's 
ratings 
definitions 
available 
as 
at 
the 
date 
of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
on 
https://www.moodys.com/researchandratings/research-type/regulatory/rating-symbols-and-
definitions/003011001003/003011001003/-/0/0/-/0/-/-/-/-1/-/-/-/en/global/pdf/-/rra, a long-term rating of "A" 
indicates obligations that are judged to be upper medium-grade and subject to low credit risk and as such 
may possess certain speculative characteristics. In accordance with such Moody's ratings definitions, a short-
term rating of "P-1" indicates a superior ability to repay short-term debt obligations.  
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make 
markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including 
(but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients,

--- Page 239 ---
10290488531-v41 
- 233 - 
55-41077903 
 
 
 
 
 
or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. They 
have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or its affiliates. The Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive allocations of the Notes (subject to 
customary closing conditions), which could affect future trading of the Notes. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps 
or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is X3CZP3CK64YBHON1LE12. 
Validity of Prospectus and Prospectus supplements 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AFM as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. The AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in such Notes. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of 12 months from the date of approval and its 
validity will expire on 20 August 2025. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the 
end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 240 ---
10290488531-v41 
 
55-41077903 
 
THE ISSUER 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Tel: +31 (0) 204642699 
THE AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
 
 
THE PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building Polaris 
2-4 Rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
THE CMU LODGING AND PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, Hong Kong Branch  
Level 26, Three Pacific Place 
1 Queen's Road East 
Hong Kong 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer as to Dutch law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Droogbak 1A 
1013 GE Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
To the Dealers as to Dutch law 
Simmons & Simmons LLP 
Claude Debussylaan 247 
1082 MC Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR 
EY Accountants B.V. 
Boompjes 258 
3011 XZ Rotterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 241 ---
10290488531-v41 
 
55-41077903 
 
 THE DEALERS 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.  
Gustav Mahleraan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Attention: FIG - Debt Capital Markets 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
C/ Sauceda, 28 
Edificio Asia – 1st Floor 
28050 Madrid 
Spain  
Attention: DCM - Origination 
 
Banco Santander S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander, Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
28660 Boadilla Del Monte, Madrid 
Spain 
Attention: Head of Debt Capital Markets 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Attention: Syndicate Desk 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Attention: MTN Desk 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Attention: DCM-Legal Department 
 
Daiwa Capital Markets Europe Limited 
5 King William Street 
London EC4N 7AX 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Manager, Transaction Management 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Attention: DCM Debt Syndicate 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Attention: Syndicate Desk 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Attention: DCM Origination 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1  
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Attention: Euro Medium Term Note Desk 
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Attention: Primary Debt 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
Attention: Head of Transaction Management Group, Global 
Capital Markets 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
Attention: Euro Medium Term Note Programmes

--- Page 242 ---
10290488531-v41 
 
55-41077903 
 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH  
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
Attention: EMEA Debt Syndicate 
RBC Europe Limited 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AA 
United Kingdom 
Attention: New Issues Syndicate Desk 
 
 
 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Neue Mainzer Str. 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
Attention: General Counsel 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
Attention: Syndicate Desk GLBA/SYN/CAP/BND 
 
TD Global Finance unlimited company 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
Attention: Head of Syndication & Origination 
 
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Fixed Income Syndicate 
 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
Attention: DCM Documentation MFS1DM