--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 5 September 2022 
 
NBK SPC LIMITED 
(incorporated in the Dubai International Financial Centre as a special purpose company  
and converted to a prescribed company on 31 October 2019) 
U.S.$5,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
NATIONAL BANK OF KUWAIT S.A.K.P. 
(incorporated as a Public Shareholding Company in the State of Kuwait) 
Under this U.S.$5,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), NBK SPC Limited (the "Issuer") may from time to time 
issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). The obligations of the Issuer 
will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed (the "Guarantee") by National Bank of Kuwait S.A.K.P. ("NBK", the "Bank" or the "Guarantor"). 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively "Bearer Notes" and "Registered Notes"). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of 
all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed U.S.$5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to any increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Description of the Programme" and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer or by NBK (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be 
for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or 
intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks, see "Risk Factors" on page 1. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "CBI") as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). The CBI only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Application has been 
made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 
12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to listing on the official list of Euronext Dublin (the "Official List") and to trading on its 
regulated market (the "Regulated Market"). The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU 
MiFID II"). Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID II and/or 
which are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on the Regulated Market or have been admitted to trading on such further stock exchanges or markets as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (as defined below). 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes and the issue price of Notes will be set out in a final terms 
document (the "Final Terms") which, with respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, will be delivered to the CBI and Euronext Dublin. 
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website of Euronext Dublin. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may 
be agreed between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on 
any market. 
Neither the Notes nor the Guarantee have been nor will be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or any 
U.S. state securities laws and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant 
to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act and the offer or sale is made in accordance 
with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United 
States in offshore transactions to persons that are not U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S ("Regulation S") under the Securities Act and within the 
United States only to persons who are "qualified institutional buyers" ("QIBs") in reliance on Rule 144A ("Rule 144A") under the Securities Act. See 
"Form of the Notes" for a description of the manner in which Notes will be issued. Registered Notes are subject to certain restrictions on transfer, see 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
herein, in which event a new Base Prospectus, in the case of listed Notes only, if appropriate, will be made available, which will describe the effect of 
the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme and the credit rating agency issuing such rating may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
NBK has been assigned a long term rating of A and a short term rating of A-1 from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"); a long term rating of 
A1 and a short term rating of P-1 by Moody's Investors Service Cyprus Ltd. ("Moody's"); and a long term rating of A+ and a short term rating of F1 by 
Fitch Ratings Ltd. ("Fitch"). 
Each of S&P and Moody's is established in the European Union ("EU") and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation"). As such, each of S&P and Moody's is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. 
The ratings issued by S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is established in the United Kingdom ("UK") and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK 
CRA Regulation"). The ratings issued by Moody's have been endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Ltd., which is established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation. Fitch is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. Fitch appears on the latest update of the list 
of registered credit rating agencies (as of 1 September 2021) on the UK Financial Conduct Authority's (the "FCA") Financial Services Register at 
https://register.fca.org.uk/s/. The ratings issued by Fitch have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, which is established in the EU and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation. As such, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on 
its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Where an issue of

--- Page 2 ---
Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to the Programme. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Interest or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a 
benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). Details of the administrators of such 
benchmarks, including details of whether or not, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, each such administrator's name appears on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation are set out in the paragraph 
entitled "Use of Benchmarks". 
Arrangers 
Citigroup 
J.P. Morgan 
NBK Capital 
Dealers 
Citigroup 
Emirates NBD Capital 
First Abu Dhabi Bank 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
NBK Capital 
 
Standard Chartered Bank

--- Page 3 ---
i 
 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from 
its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of each of the Issuer and the Guarantor, the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its import. 
Certain information contained in "Risk Factors", "Description of the Group" and "Overview of Kuwait" (as 
indicated therein) has been extracted from the following independent, third party sources: The International 
Monetary Fund (the "IMF"), the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries ("OPEC"), the Sovereign 
Wealth Fund Institute, the Central Bank of the State of Kuwait (the "CBK") and the Kuwait Central 
Statistical Bureau (the "CSB"). Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that all third party 
information contained in this Base Prospectus has been accurately reproduced and that, as far as it is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by the relevant third party sources, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is stated where such information appears in the Base 
Prospectus. Where information has not been independently sourced, it is the Group's own information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any amendments or supplements hereto and with 
any documents incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference") and, in 
relation to any Tranche of Notes, should be read in conjunction with the applicable Final Terms. Other than 
in relation to the documents that are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents Incorporated 
by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers do not form part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
None of the Arrangers or the Dealers or their affiliates have independently verified the information 
contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and 
no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Arrangers or the Dealers or their affiliates as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or for 
the acts or omissions of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) or 
any other information provided by either of the Issuer or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme, 
the Notes or their distribution. None of the Arrangers or the Dealers or their affiliates accept any liability 
in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme, the Notes or their 
distribution. 
The only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus in connection with an offer of Notes are the persons 
named in the relevant subscription agreement as the relevant Dealers or the Managers, as the case may be. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Guarantor to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arrangers or any of the 
Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus, nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes: (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation; or (b) should be considered as 
a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arrangers or any of the Dealers that any recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer and the Guarantor. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by 
or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arrangers or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for 
or to purchase any Notes.

--- Page 4 ---
ii 
 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer or the Guarantor is correct 
at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same 
or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in 
the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The Arrangers and the Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to their attention. 
Goldman Sachs International, which is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by 
the FCA and the Prudential Regulation Authority in the UK, is acting for NBK and no one else in connection 
with the Programme and will not be responsible to anyone other than NBK for providing the protections 
afforded to clients of Goldman Sachs International, or for giving advice in connection with the Programme 
or any matter referred to herein. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arrangers and the Dealers do not represent that this Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no 
action has been taken by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arrangers or the Dealers which is intended to permit 
a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for 
that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in 
any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Japan, the United Arab 
Emirates (the "UAE") (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre ("DIFC")), the DIFC, the 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the Kingdom of Bahrain ("Bahrain"), the State of Qatar (including the Qatar 
Financial Centre), Singapore, Hong Kong, Malaysia, the State of Kuwait ("Kuwait"), Switzerland and 
Canada. See "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the 
EEA will be made pursuant to an exemption under the EU Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to 
publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer in 
that Member State of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, any Arranger or any Dealer has authorised, nor does it authorise, the 
making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor and the terms of the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved. The Notes and 
the Guarantee have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, nor have 
the foregoing authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined the 
adequacy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is 
unlawful. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent: (i) Notes constitute legal investments for it; (ii) Notes can be used as collateral

--- Page 5 ---
iii 
 
for various types of borrowing; and (iii) other restrictions apply to any purchase or pledge of any Notes by 
the investor. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules and 
regulations. 
In particular, potential investors should note that although the Kuwaiti Government has in the past 
supported the domestic banking industry, for example, following the global financial crisis in 2008, there 
can be no assurance that it will continue to provide support to the domestic banking industry in the future. 
The Notes will not be guaranteed by the Kuwaiti Government. 
None of the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Issuer or the Guarantor makes any representation to any investor in 
the Notes regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes 
should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
None of the Arrangers, the Dealers or their affiliates make any representation or provide any assurance as 
to the suitability of any Sustainable Notes (as defined herein), including the listing or admission to trading 
thereof on any dedicated "green", "environmental", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled 
segment of any stock exchange or securities market, or to fulfil any green, social, environmental or 
sustainability criteria required by any prospective investors. None of the Arrangers, the Dealers or their 
affiliates have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria for Eligible 
Sustainable Assets (as defined herein), any verification of whether the Eligible Sustainable Assets meet 
such criteria, the monitoring of the use of proceeds of any Sustainable Notes (or amounts equal thereto) or 
the allocation of the proceeds by the Issuer or the Guarantor to particular Eligible Sustainable Assets. A 
prospective investor should have regard to the information set out in "Use of Proceeds" below and 
determine for itself the relevance of such information for the purposes of an investment in Sustainable 
Notes together with any other investigation it deems necessary. None of the Arrangers, the Dealers or their 
affiliates make any representation as to the suitability or contents of the Sustainable Financing Framework 
(as defined herein), any second party opinion delivered in respect thereof or any public reporting by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of the application of the proceeds of any issue of Sustainable 
Notes, all of which are not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of the Base 
Prospectus. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor should: 
• 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
• 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
• 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
• 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
• 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes may be complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes

--- Page 6 ---
iv 
 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
U.S. INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus is being submitted on a confidential basis in the United States to a limited number of 
QIBs for informational use solely in connection with the consideration of the purchase of the Notes being 
offered hereby. Its use for any other purpose in the United States is not authorised. It may not be copied or 
reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its contents disclosed to anyone other 
than the prospective investors to whom it is originally submitted. 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and 
Exchange Commission or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United 
States, nor have the foregoing authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or 
determined the adequacy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the 
contrary is unlawful. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, subject to certain exceptions. Terms used 
in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Registered Notes may be offered or sold within the United States only to persons who are QIBs pursuant 
to an exemption from or in transactions not subject to registration under the Securities Act in reliance on 
Rule 144A or any other applicable exemption. Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of 
Registered Notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act 
provided by Rule 144A. 
Each purchaser or holder of Notes represented by a Restricted Global Certificate or any Notes issued in 
registered form in exchange or substitution therefor (together "Restricted Notes") will be deemed, by its 
acceptance or purchase of any such Restricted Notes, to have made certain representations and agreements 
intended to restrict the resale or other transfer of such Notes as set out in "Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions". Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them in "Form of the Notes". 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Notes that are 
"restricted securities" within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) of the Securities Act, each of the Issuer and 
the Guarantor has undertaken in a deed poll dated 5 September 2022 (the "Deed Poll") to furnish, upon the 
request of a holder of such Notes or any beneficial interest therein, to such holder or to a prospective 
purchaser designated by them, the information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the 
Securities Act if, at the time of the request, any of the Notes remain outstanding as "restricted securities" 
within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) of the Securities Act and each of the Issuer and the Guarantor is 
neither a reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended, (the "Exchange Act") nor exempt from reporting requirements pursuant to and in 
compliance with Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder. 
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 
The Issuer is a prescribed company incorporated in the DIFC and the Guarantor is a Public Kuwaiti 
Shareholding Company established in Kuwait. All of the officers and directors of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor named herein reside outside the United States and all or a substantial portion of the assets of 
each of the Issuer and the Guarantor and its officers and directors are located outside the United States. As 
a result:

--- Page 7 ---
v 
 
• 
it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process outside the DIFC upon the Issuer 
or its officers and directors, or to enforce judgments against them predicated upon United States 
federal securities laws or the securities laws of any state or territory within the United States; and 
• 
it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process outside Kuwait upon the Guarantor 
or its officers and directors, or to enforce judgments against them predicated upon United States 
federal securities laws or the securities laws of any state of territory within the United States. 
The Notes and the Guarantee are governed by English law and disputes in respect of them may be settled 
by arbitration under the Arbitration Rules of the London Court of International Arbitration (the "LCIA 
Rules") in London, England. 
Investors may have difficulties in enforcing an arbitration award against the Issuer or the Guarantor in the 
courts of Kuwait to the extent that such arbitration award is deemed to be in contravention of Kuwaiti public 
policy rules and/or in view of the timing and requisite procedural formalities required for enforcing a 
foreign arbitral award. Moreover, judicial precedent in Kuwait has no binding effect on subsequent 
decisions and there is no formal or updated system of reporting court decisions in Kuwait. These factors 
create greater judicial uncertainty than would be expected in certain other jurisdictions. See "Risk Factors 
– Risks related to enforcement under Kuwaiti Law". 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF KUWAIT 
Unless all necessary approvals from the Kuwait Capital Markets Authority (the "CMA") pursuant to Law 
No. 7 of 2010 Concerning the Establishment of the Capital Markets Authority and the Regulating of 
Securities Activities and its executive bylaws (each as amended) (the "CML Rules"), and the various 
resolutions, regulations, directives and instructions and announcements issued from time to time pursuant 
thereto, or in connection therewith (regardless of nomenclature), have been given in relation to the 
marketing of, and sale of, the Notes, the Notes may not be offered for sale, nor sold, in Kuwait. Neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any of the information contained herein is intended to lead to the conclusion of any 
contract of whatsoever nature within Kuwait. 
This Base Prospectus is not for general circulation to the public in Kuwait nor will the Notes be sold by 
way of a public offering in Kuwait. In the event that the Notes are intended to be purchased onshore in 
Kuwait, the same may only be so purchased through a licensed person duly authorised to undertake such 
activity pursuant to the CML Rules. Investors from Kuwait acknowledge that the CMA and all other 
regulatory bodies in Kuwait assume no responsibility whatsoever for the contents of this Base Prospectus 
or verify the validity and accuracy thereof. Prior to purchasing any Notes, it is recommended that a 
prospective holder of any Notes seeks professional advice from its advisors in respect to the contents of 
this Base Prospectus so as to determine the suitability of purchasing the Notes. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN 
In relation to investors in Bahrain, Notes issued in connection with this Base Prospectus and related offering 
documents may only be offered in registered form to existing accountholders and accredited investors as 
defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain ("CBB") in Bahrain where such investors make a minimum 
investment of at least U.S.$100,000 or the equivalent amount in any other currency or such other amount 
as the CBB may determine. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in Bahrain pursuant to the terms of Article 
(81) of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 of 2006). This Base 
Prospectus and any related offering documents have not been and will not be registered as a prospectus 
with the CBB. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase nor will this Base Prospectus or any other related document or material be used in 
connection with any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase Notes, whether directly or indirectly, 
to persons in Bahrain, other than to accredited investors for an offer outside Bahrain. 
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or any related offering documents 
and it has not in any way considered the merits of the Notes to be offered for investment, whether in or 
outside Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the 
statements and information contained in this Base Prospectus and expressly disclaims any liability 
whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole or any part of the content of this

--- Page 8 ---
vi 
 
Base Prospectus. No offer of securities will be made to the public in Bahrain and this Base Prospectus must 
be read by the addressee only and must not be issued, passed to, or made available to the public generally. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA 
This document may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are 
permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital 
Market Authority of Saudi Arabia (the "Capital Market Authority"). 
The Capital Market Authority does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this 
document, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance 
upon, any part of this document. Prospective purchasers of the securities offered hereby should conduct 
their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the securities. If you do not understand 
the contents of this document, you should consult an authorised financial adviser. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE STATE OF QATAR 
The Notes will not be offered, sold or delivered at any time, directly or indirectly, in Qatar (including the 
Qatar Financial Centre) in a manner that would constitute a public offering. This Base Prospectus has not 
been and will not be reviewed or approved by, or registered with, the Qatar Financial Markets Authority, 
the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange or the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority in 
accordance with their regulations or any other regulations in Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). 
The Notes are not and will not be traded on the Qatar Stock Exchange. The Notes and interests therein will 
not be offered to investors domiciled or resident in Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) and do not 
constitute debt financing in Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) under the Commercial Companies 
Law No. (11) of 2015 or otherwise under the laws of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF MALAYSIA 
Any Notes to be issued under the Programme may not be offered for subscription or purchase and no 
invitation to subscribe for or purchase such Notes in Malaysia may be made, directly or indirectly, and this 
Base Prospectus or any document or other materials in connection therewith may not be distributed in 
Malaysia other than to persons falling within any one of the categories of persons specified under Part 1 of 
Schedule 6 or Section 229(1)(b) and Part 1 of Schedule 7 or Section 230(1)(b), and Schedule 8 or Section 
257(3), read together with Schedule 9 or section 257(3) of the Capital Market and Services Act 2007 of 
Malaysia, as may be amended and/or varied from time to time and subject to any amendments to the 
applicable laws from time to time. 
The Securities Commission of Malaysia shall not be liable for any non-disclosure on the part of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor and assumes no responsibility for the correctness of any statements made or opinions or 
reports expressed in this Base Prospectus. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
stabilisation manager(s) in the relevant subscription agreement (the "Stabilisation Manager") (or persons 
acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view 
to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, 
may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the EEA. For these 
purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the

--- Page 9 ---
vii 
 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of any Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made at the time of issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "UK 
distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a UK distributor 
subject to the Product Governance Rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of any Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 10 ---
viii 
 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES 
AND FUTURES ACT 2001 (2020 REVISED EDITION) 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Series of Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore 
Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes 
pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"). 
The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being 
offered for the purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the relevant Final Terms will 
constitute notice to "relevant persons" for the purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Forward-
looking statements include statements concerning the Bank's plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future 
operations and performance and the assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements. When used 
in this document, the words "anticipates", "estimates", "expects", "believes", "intends", "plans", "aims", 
"seeks", "may", "will", "should" and any similar expressions generally identify forward-looking statements. 
These forward-looking statements are contained in the sections entitled "Risk Factors" and "Description of 
the Group" and other sections of this Base Prospectus. The Bank has based these forward-looking 
statements on the current view of its management with respect to future events and financial performance. 
Although the Bank believes that the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its forward-looking 
statements are reasonable as at the date of this Base Prospectus, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties 
detailed in the section entitled "Risk Factors" materialise, or if any of the Bank's underlying assumptions 
prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, the Bank's actual results of operations may vary from those expected, 
estimated or predicted. 
These forward-looking statements speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Without prejudice to 
any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, the Bank expressly disclaims any obligation or 
undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward-
looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in expectations thereof or any change in events, 
conditions or circumstances on which any such forward-looking statement is based.

--- Page 11 ---
ix 
 
PRESENTATION OF CERTAIN FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Historical Financial Statements 
This Base Prospectus contains: 
• 
the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial information of the Group as at and for the 
six months ended 30 June 2022 (with comparative data for the six months ended 30 June 2021) 
(the "Interim Financial Statements"); 
• 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2021 (with comparative data for the year ended 31 December 2020) (the "2021 
Financial Statements"); and 
• 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2020 (with comparative data for the year ended 31 December 2019) (the "2020 
Financial Statements"). 
In this Base Prospectus, the 2021 Financial Statements and the 2020 Financial Statements are together 
referred to as the "Annual Financial Statements" and the Interim Financial Statements and the Annual 
Financial Statements are together referred to as the "Financial Statements". 
The Interim Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 
("IAS") 34 "Interim Financial Reporting". The accounting policies used in the preparation of the Interim 
Financial Statements are consistent with those used in the preparation of the Annual Financial Statements. 
The Interim Financial Statements have been jointly reviewed by Ernst & Young Al Aiban, Al Osaimi & 
Partners with license no. 208A ("E&Y") and Deloitte & Touche Al Wazzan & Co. with license no. 62A 
("Deloitte") in accordance with the International Standard on Review Engagements 2410, "Review of 
Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity" as stated in their review 
report included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Annual Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards ("IFRS"), as adopted by the Central Bank of Kuwait in the State of Kuwait and comply with the 
regulations for financial services institutions as issued by the Central Bank of Kuwait in the State of Kuwait 
(the "CBK regulations"). The Annual Financial Statements have been jointly audited by E&Y and Deloitte 
in accordance with International Standards on Auditing as stated in their audit reports incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. The CBK regulations, including the CBK circulars on regulatory 
measures in response to COVID-19 and related CBK communications, require banks, including the Bank, 
and other financial institutions regulated by the CBK to adopt IFRS with the following amendments: 
• 
expected credit loss ("ECL") on credit facilities is to be measured at the higher of the expected 
credit loss amount computed under IFRS 9 in accordance with the CBK guidelines or the 
provisions as required by the CBK instructions ("CBK instructions") along with its consequent 
impact on related disclosures (as discussed in note 2 to the 2021 Financial Statements under the 
heading "Measurement of ECLs"); and 
• 
modification losses on financial assets arising from payment holidays to customers extended 
during 2020 as a result of COVID-19 are to be recognised in retained earnings, as required by the 
CBK circular no. 2/BS/IBS/461/2020, instead of in the statement of income as required by IFRS 
9. However, modification losses on financial assets arising from any other payment holidays to 
customers (including payment holidays to customers extended during 2021) are to be offset by an 
equivalent amount receivable from the Government of Kuwait as a Government grant, as required 
by the CBK circular no. 2/BS/IBS/IS/IIS/FS/476/2021. The application of the policy results in the 
application of different accounting presentation for modification losses in 2020 and in 2021. There 
have been no modification losses in 2022. 
The Group's financial year ends on 31 December and references in this Base Prospectus to "2021", "2020" 
and "2019" are to the 12 month period ending on 31 December in each of those years.

--- Page 12 ---
x 
 
The Financial Statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction 
with the respective notes thereto. Prospective investors are advised to consult their professional advisers 
for an understanding of: 
(i) 
the differences between IFRS and U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("US GAAP") or 
any other systems of generally accepted accounting principles in the jurisdictions of such 
prospective investors and how those differences might affect the financial information included or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus; and 
(ii) 
the impact that future additions to, or amendments of, IFRS may have on the Group's results of 
operations or financial condition, as well as on the comparability of the prior periods. 
In addition, this Base Prospectus includes certain non-IFRS financial measures and ratios. See "—Non-
IFRS Financial Measures and APMs" below. 
All financial information regarding the Group in this Base Prospectus as at, and for the six-month periods 
ended, 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021 is unaudited and has been extracted or derived from the Interim 
Financial Statements or from the Group's unaudited management accounts based on accounting records, as 
applicable, or is based on calculations of figures from these sources. In addition, all financial information 
regarding the Group in this Base Prospectus as at, and for the years ended, 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020 has been extracted or derived from the 2021 Financial Statements and all financial 
information regarding the Group in this Base Prospectus as at, and for the year ended, 31 December 2019 
has been extracted or derived from the 2020 Financial Statements or, in either case, from the Group's 
unaudited management accounts based on accounting records, as applicable, or, in either case, is based on 
calculations of figures from these sources. Prospective investors should note that in the Interim Financial 
Statements and in the 2021 Financial Statements the Group made limited presentation changes in the 
consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2022 and as at 31 December 2021, respectively, 
and in certain of the notes to the Interim Financial Statements and the 2021 Financial Statements, 
respectively.  From the 2021 Financial Statements, the Group has reported "due to banks" and "deposits 
from other financial institutions" separately in its consolidated statement of finance position.  Prior to that, 
these line items were reported as a single line item: "due to banks and other financial institutions".  The 
Group has re-presented the information as separate line items as at 31 December 2019 in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Certain numerical figures set out in this Base Prospectus, including financial and operating data, have been 
rounded and some of these and other figures are also presented in KD millions or billions rather than in KD 
thousands as in the Annual Financial Statements. Therefore, the sums of amounts given in some columns 
or rows in the tables and other lists presented in this Base Prospectus may slightly differ from the totals 
specified for such columns or rows. Similarly, some percentage values presented in the tables in this Base 
Prospectus have been rounded and the totals specified in such tables may not add up to 100 per cent. 
Percentages and amounts reflecting changes over time periods relating to financial and other data set out in 
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" are calculated 
using the numerical data in the relevant Annual Financial Statements. 
The financial information included or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is not intended to 
comply with the applicable accounting requirements of the Securities Act and the related rules and 
regulations which would apply if Notes issued under the Programme were being registered with the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). 
Terminology 
The Group conducts both conventional and, through its majority-owned subsidiary, Boubyan Bank 
K.S.C.P. ("Boubyan Bank"), Islamic banking activities. As a result, the Group earns both interest income 
and murabaha and Islamic financing income and incurs both interest expense and finance cost and 
distribution to depositors which give rise to both net interest income and net income from Islamic financing. 
For convenience, in certain places in this Base Prospectus, including "Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations": 
• 
interest income and murabaha and Islamic financing income are together referred to as "finance 
income"; and

--- Page 13 ---
xi 
 
• 
interest expense and finance cost and distribution to depositors are together referred to as 
"financing cost". 
Average Balances and Interest Rates 
This Base Prospectus includes information relating to average balances of interest income and financing 
income-earning assets (together referred to as "income-earning assets") and interest expense and financing 
cost-bearing liabilities (together referred to as "cost-bearing liabilities") of the Group, the amounts of 
finance income and financing cost of the Group and the average rates at which finance income was earned 
on such assets and financing cost was incurred on such liabilities by the Group for the six-month periods 
ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021 and for each of 2021, 2020 and 2019. This information is presented 
in the sections "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" 
and "Selected Statistical Data". Unless otherwise specified in this Base Prospectus, average balances of 
assets and liabilities for the Group for the six-month periods ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021 and for 
each of 2021, 2020 and 2019 were calculated as the sum of assets or liabilities on a quarterly basis divided 
by three for the six-month periods or five for the annual periods. The average interest rate for any line item 
is calculated by dividing finance income or financing cost, as applicable, by the average balance for such 
line item for the relevant period. 
This Base Prospectus also includes information on changes in finance income or financing cost of the 
Group, which are attributed to either: (i) changes in average balances (volume change) of income-earning 
assets or cost-bearing liabilities; or (ii) changes in average rates (rate change) at which finance income was 
earned on such assets or at which financing cost was incurred on such liabilities. This information also 
appears in the section "Selected Statistical Data". Changes in the Group's finance income and financing 
cost have been allocated between changes in average volume and changes in average rates for the six-month 
periods ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021 and for each of 2021, 2020 and 2019. The volume and rate 
variances are calculated based on the movements of average balances over the period and changes in 
average rates on income-earning assets and cost-bearing liabilities. The net change attributable to changes 
in both volume and rate has been allocated in line with the amounts derived for pure rate and volume 
variances. 
The information with respect to the Group presented in "Selected Statistical Data" has not been prepared 
in accordance with, and is not intended to comply with, the applicable accounting requirements of the 
Securities Act and the related rules and regulations of the SEC which would apply if the Notes were being 
registered with the SEC. In particular, the average balances and related data presented in "Selected 
Statistical Data" are based on materially less frequent averaging methods than those used by other banks 
in the United States, Western Europe and other jurisdictions in connection with similar offers of securities. 
Prospective investors should be aware that the results of the analysis for the Group would likely be different 
if alternative or more frequent averaging methods were used and such differences could be material. 
Non-IFRS Financial Measures and APMs 
This Base Prospectus contains references to certain non-IFRS measures, including capital adequacy, 
leverage and certain other ratios contained in "Selected Consolidated Financial Data" and referred to 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. In addition, all of the average information contained in "Selected 
Statistical Data" and referred to elsewhere in this Base Prospectus is also non-IFRS data and APMs. All of 
these measures constitute alternative performance measures (as defined in the European Securities and 
Markets Authority guidelines (the "ESMA Guidelines") on Alternative Performance Measures ("APMs")). 
The Group believes that the APMs included in this Base Prospectus provide useful supplementary 
information to both investors and to the Group's management ("Management"), as they facilitate the 
evaluation of underlying operating performance and financial position across financial reporting periods. 
However, investors should note that, since not all companies calculate financial measurements, such as the 
APMs presented by the Group in this Base Prospectus, in the same manner, these are not always directly 
comparable to performance metrics used by other companies. 
The APMs contained in this Base Prospectus should not be considered in isolation and are not measures of 
financial performance or liquidity under IFRS. These non-IFRS measures should not be considered as an 
alternative to revenues, profit or loss for the period or any other performance measures derived in 
accordance with IFRS or as an alternative to cash flow from operating, investing or financing activities or 
any other measure of liquidity derived in accordance with IFRS. Non-IFRS measures do not necessarily

--- Page 14 ---
xii 
 
indicate whether cash flow will be sufficient or available for cash requirements and may not be indicative 
of actual results of operations. In addition, the APMs in this Base Prospectus may not be comparable to 
other similarly titled measures used by other companies. The Group believes that net interest margin and 
other non-IFRS measures presented in this Base Prospectus are useful indicators of financial performance 
that are widely used by investors to monitor the results of banks generally. Because of the discretion that 
the Group and other companies have in defining these measures and calculating the reported amounts, care 
should be taken in comparing these measures with similar measures used by other companies. 
The APMs contained in this Base Prospectus have also not been prepared in accordance with US GAAP, 
SEC requirements or the accounting standards of any other jurisdiction. 
Monetary and Exchange Rate Policy 
Kuwait's monetary and exchange rate policy is set and managed by the CBK. The CBK's main monetary 
policy objective is to maintain monetary stability with the aim to mitigate the impacts of inflation and to 
enhance social and economic progress in Kuwait and the growth of national income. 
The CBK's policy for the Kuwaiti dinar exchange rate aims at maintaining and enhancing the relative 
stability of the Kuwaiti dinar against other currencies and shielding the domestic economy against the 
impacts of imported inflation. These responsibilities reflect the importance of the exchange rate policy in 
the Kuwaiti economy where no restrictions are imposed on the movement of capital. 
Since 1975, the Kuwaiti dinar has been pegged to an undisclosed weighted basket of international 
currencies of Kuwait's major trade and financial partner countries (the "Kuwaiti Dinar Basket"), except 
between January 2003 and May 2007, when the Kuwaiti dinar was pegged to the U.S. dollar within margins 
around a parity rate. 
This exchange rate policy contributes to maintaining the relative stability of the KD exchange rate against 
other currencies and strengthens the CBK's ability to implement a monetary policy aimed at reducing 
inflationary pressures, particularly those resulting from fluctuations in the exchange rates of world 
currencies. The CBK has the ability to adjust the Kuwaiti Dinar Basket at its discretion. 
The following table shows the Kuwaiti dinar per U.S.$1.00 exchange rate based on daily data for the six 
months ended 30 June 2022 and for each of 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
High U.S.$/KD 
Low U.S.$/KD 
Difference 
Difference (%) 
30 June 2022…………………………………. 
0.307 
0.302 
0.005 
1.64 
31 December 2021 .......................................... 
0.303 
0.300 
0.003 
1.02 
31 December 2020 .......................................... 
0.310 
0.303 
0.007 
2.29 
31 December 2019........................................... 
0.304 
0.303 
0.001 
0.59 
 _______________  
Source: Central Bank of Kuwait 
 
Definitions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any section of this Base Prospectus have the meanings 
attributed to them in the Conditions or any other section of this Base Prospectus. In addition, the following 
terms used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined below: 
• 
references to "GCC" are to the Gulf Cooperation Council; 
• 
reference to the "Group" are to the Bank and its subsidiaries taken as a whole; 
• 
references to "Kuwait" are to the State of Kuwait; 
• 
references to a "Member State" are references to a Member State of the European Economic Area; 
and 
• 
references to the "MENA region" are to the Middle East and North Africa region.

--- Page 15 ---
xiii 
 
Certain Conventions 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law 
is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to: 
• 
"U.S. dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" refer to United States dollars being the legal currency for the time 
being of the United States of America; 
• 
"dinar" and "KD" refer to Kuwaiti dinar being the legal currency for the time being of Kuwait; 
• 
"euro", "EUR" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended; 
• 
"GBP" refer to the British Pound, being the legal currency for the time being of the United 
Kingdom; and 
• 
"Egyptian pounds" and "EGP" refer to the legal currency for the time being of the Arab Republic 
of Egypt.

--- Page 16 ---
xiv 
 
USE OF BENCHMARKS 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to: 
(i) 
the Emirates Interbank Offered Rate ("EIBOR"), which is provided by the Central Bank; 
(ii) 
the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), which is provided by the European Money 
Markets Institute; 
(iii) 
the Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate ("HIBOR"), which is provided by the Treasury Markets 
Association; 
(iv) 
the Kuwait Interbank Offered Rate ("KIBOR"), which is provided by the Central Bank of Kuwait; 
(v) 
the Kuala Lumpur Interbank Offered Rate ("KLIBOR"), which is provided by Bank Negara 
Malaysia; 
(vi) 
the Saudi Arabia Interbank Offered Rate ("SAIBOR"), which is provided by Refinitiv; 
(vii) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), which is provided by the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York; 
(viii) 
the Singapore Interbank Offered Rate ("SIBOR"), which is provided by the ABS Benchmarks 
Administration Co Pte Ltd; 
(ix) 
the Tokyo Interbank Offered Rate ("TIBOR"), which is provided by the JBA TIBOR 
Administration; or 
(x) 
the Turkish Lira Interbank Offered Rate ("TRLIBOR" or "TRYLIBOR"), which is provided by 
the Banks Association of Turkey, 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of EURIBOR and SIBOR are included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of EIBOR, HIBOR, KIBOR, KLIBOR, SAIBOR, 
SOFR, TIBOR and TRLIBOR are not included in ESMA's register of administrators and benchmarks under 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer and the Guarantor are aware: (i) EIBOR, KIBOR, 
KLIBOR and SOFR do not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 
of that regulation; and (ii) the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
such that the Treasury Markets Association, Refinitiv, the JBA TIBOR Administration and the Banks 
Association of Turkey are not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside 
the EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).

--- Page 17 ---
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 1 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................................... 31 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 36 
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 37 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 40 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 52 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 97 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER............................................................................................................. 99 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA ............................................................................ 101 
SELECTED STATISTICAL DATA ........................................................................................................ 105 
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS ................................................................................................................. 116 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP ........................................................................................................... 153 
RISK MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................................... 174 
GROUP COMPLIANCE AND GOVERNANCE .................................................................................... 192 
MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................................................... 195 
OVERVIEW OF KUWAIT ..................................................................................................................... 208 
BANKING INDUSTRY AND REGULATION IN KUWAIT ................................................................ 211 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ 217 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 221 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS ................................................................................................. 231 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS .......................... 233 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 245

--- Page 18 ---
1 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Prospective investors should 
consider carefully the risks and uncertainties associated with the Group's business and any investment in the 
Notes, together with all of the information that is included in this Base Prospectus, and should form their 
own view before making an investment decision with respect to the Notes. In particular, prospective investors 
should evaluate the risks and uncertainties referred to or described below, which may have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's or the Bank's business, results of operations and financial condition. Should 
one or more of the following events or circumstances occur at the same time or separately, the value of the 
Notes could decline and an investor might lose part or all of its investment. 
Each of the Issuer and the Bank believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks 
inherent in investing in the Notes, but the Issuer's and the Bank's inability to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with the Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer and the Bank do not 
represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding the Notes are exhaustive. Additional risks 
not presently known to the Issuer or the Bank or that the Issuer or the Bank currently deem immaterial may 
also impair the Issuer's or the Bank's ability to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection 
with the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The 
Issuer's and the Bank's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking 
statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks faced by the Issuer and the Bank described below 
and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. See "Forward-Looking Statements". 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
The Issuer has a limited operating history and no material assets 
The Issuer is a special purpose company with limited liability, incorporated under the laws of the DIFC on 
30 April 2017 and, accordingly, only has a limited operating history. The Issuer has not engaged, and will 
not engage, in any business activity other than the issuance of Notes under the Programme, the issuance of 
shares in its capital and other related activities as required in connection therewith, including lending the 
proceeds of issuance of the Notes to the Bank. 
The Issuer is not expected to have any income except payments received from the Bank in respect of loans 
made by the Issuer to the Bank, which will be the only material source of funds available to meet the claims 
of the Noteholders. Accordingly, the Issuer is subject to the same risks that affect the Bank to the extent that 
those risks limit the Bank's ability to satisfy in full, and on a timely basis, its obligations under any such 
loans. 
In the absence of sufficient repayment of any inter-company loan, the Issuer's ability to pay principal and 
interest and other amounts will depend on the Bank's ability to obtain additional external financing. As a 
result, the Issuer is subject to all the risks to which the Bank and other Group companies are subject, to the 
extent that such risks could limit their ability to satisfy in full and on a timely basis their respective obligations 
to the Issuer under any such loans. Please see "– Factors that may affect the Bank's ability to fulfil its 
obligations in respect of Notes issued under the Programme and/or the Guarantee" above for a further 
description of these risks. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE BANK'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS IN 
RESPECT OF NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Economic risks 
Macro-economic and financial market conditions have materially adversely affected and may continue to 
materially adversely affect the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition 
The Group, in common with other financial institutions, is susceptible to changes in the macro-economic 
environment and the performance of financial markets generally. Following the significant fall in 
international oil prices in mid-2020 as a result the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on demand, the 
economies of many oil producing countries in the Middle East, including Kuwait, were adversely impacted.

--- Page 19 ---
2 
 
See "—Risks Relating to the Region in which the Group Principally Operates—Kuwait's economy and 
Government revenues are significantly impacted by, and are dependent upon, international oil prices" 
below. 
The Group's operations are concentrated in Kuwait and the MENA region. For the six months ended 30 June 
2022, 75.5 per cent. of the Group's net operating income was derived from its operations in Kuwait (compared 
to 75.3 per cent. in 2021, 75.5 per cent. in 2020 and 75.4 per cent. in 2019). As at 31 December 2021, 76.5 
per cent. of its maximum exposure to credit risk (including contingent liabilities) was concentrated in the 
MENA region, principally in Kuwait. 
Kuwait's economy was adversely impacted in 2020, principally as a result of low oil prices and the lockdowns 
and business closure measures put in place to address the COVID-19 pandemic. According to the CSB, 
Kuwait's real GDP grew by 2.4 per cent. in 2018 and then fell by 0.6 per cent. in 2019 and 8.9 per cent. in 
2020. According to data published by the Kuwait Ministry of Finance and the IMF, the fiscal deficit in Kuwait 
was 33.2 per cent. of GDP in the fiscal year ended 31 March 2021 compared to 9.5 per cent. of GDP in the 
fiscal year ended 31 March 2020 and 3.1 per cent. of GDP in the fiscal year ended 31 March 2019. Within 
the banking sector, borrowing costs, which increased in 2018 as the CBK raised its benchmark interest rate 
by 0.25 per cent. to 3.0 per cent., decreased in October 2019 as the CBK cut its benchmark interest rate by 
0.25 per cent. to 2.75 per cent. On 4 March 2020, the CBK lowered its benchmark interest rate by 25 basis 
points to 2.50 per cent. followed by another decrease on 16 March 2020 of 100 basis points resulting in a 
benchmark interest rate of 1.50 per cent. However, in response to rising global inflationary pressures in part 
driven by the impact of the Russia-Ukraine conflict on commodity prices, the CBK increased its benchmark 
interest rate by 0.25 per cent. five times in each of March 2022, April 2022, June 2022, July 2022 and August 
2022, resulting in a benchmark interest rate of 2.75 per cent. During the same period in 2022, the U.S. Federal 
Reserve increased its benchmark rate by 225 basis points to between 2.25 per cent. to 2.50 per cent. 
According to data published by the CBK, the exchange rate of the Kuwaiti dinar remained relatively stable 
against other currencies. During the fiscal year ended 31 March 2022, the average rate of Kuwaiti dinar 
against the US Dollar amounted to 301 fils to one US Dollar compared to 306 fils to one US Dollar in the 
fiscal year ended 31 March 2021, 304 fils to one US Dollar in the fiscal year ended 31 March 2020 and 303 
fils in the fiscal year ended 31 March 2019. Despite this relative stability, the exchange rate of the Kuwaiti 
dinar against other currencies could fluctuate due to macro-economic volatility. 
Outside Kuwait, the Group's largest operation within the MENA region is that of its 99.1 per cent. owned 
Egyptian subsidiary, National Bank of Kuwait – Egypt S.A.E. ("NBK Egypt") which, for 2021, accounted 
for 7.6 per cent. of the Group's net operating income (compared to 8.1 per cent. for 2020 and 8.0 per cent. for 
2019). Egypt, in past years, and particularly since the 2011 Egyptian revolution, experienced a turbulent 
period including significant political unrest and multiple terrorist attacks which culminated in a period of 
economic instability before the COVID-19 outbreak. Egypt is still facing a number of risks, including high 
exposure to external shocks and high debt servicing costs, an acceleration in inflation which is currently 
moderate, as well as further economic fallout from the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, through its 
consolidation of NBK Egypt, the Group is impacted by exchange rate movements in the Egyptian pound and 
any significant devaluation of the Egyptian pound could have an adverse effect on the Group's business, results 
of operations and financial condition. Any developments of a similar nature involving the major GCC 
economies may also have an adverse effect on the Group. 
Any significant deterioration in macro-economic conditions in the MENA region, and particularly in Kuwait 
and Egypt, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and financial 
condition, in particular through increased provisions for credit losses and reduced demand for loans and 
other banking services. See also "—Credit risks—The Group's credit facilities and debt securities portfolios 
are concentrated by geography, sector and client" below. 
The outbreak of communicable diseases around the world, in particular the COVID-19 pandemic, has led 
to economic volatility, which may materially and adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations 
The outbreak of communicable diseases on a global scale may affect investment sentiment and result in 
sporadic volatility in global markets. For example, COVID-19 was first identified in Wuhan, Hubei Province, 
China in late 2019 and spread to most countries around the world. This resulted in countries around the world, 
including Kuwait, imposing varying levels of entry and other restrictions, which aimed to reduce in-person 
interactions. These measures, designed to slow the spread of COVID-19, resulted in significant reductions in

--- Page 20 ---
3 
 
economic activity globally.  Since it was first identified, new variants of COVID-19 have been identified and 
outbreaks of the virus have recurred in many countries, at times resulting in further restrictions being imposed 
to combat the virus. It is impossible to determine whether any future, potentially more transmissible or 
vaccine-resistant, variants may evolve in the future and should any do so significant restrictions could be re-
imposed around the world which would be likely to adversely affect global and local economies. 
According to the World Bank, the COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted the global economy, created 
significant volatility and disruption in financial markets, decreased interest rates and has pushed over 80 
million people into extreme poverty in 2020. In addition, the pandemic resulted in temporary closures of 
many businesses and the institution of social distancing and sheltering in place requirements in many states 
and communities. The curfews and lockdown measures in Kuwait and certain other markets and slower 
economic activity, especially during the second quarter of 2020, and had a significant adverse impact on the 
Group, including as a result of decreases in interest rates, which resulted in a reduction in the Group's interest 
margins, and lower transaction volumes, which resulted in lower fees and commission income. Additionally, 
the impact of non-oil GDP contraction, lower oil prices and lockdown measures increased the level of 
uncertainty around cash flows for certain of the Group's customers, which led to a significant increase in 
provision charges in 2020 compared to 2019. 
Although the Group's profit for the year recovered in 2021 compared to 2020, principally driven by reduced 
provision charges for credit losses and impairment losses, there remains a risk of recurring outbreaks and 
possible future mutations in the virus may prove difficult to contain. For example, many countries in Europe 
re-introduced full or partial lockdowns in late 2020 and early 2021 in order to stem the "second wave" of 
higher infection rates and, in response to the identification of the more easily transmissible omicron variant, 
some countries introduced lockdowns and border closures in late 2021 and, in particular, Kuwait introduced 
a temporary ban on all types of social gatherings held in indoor venues from 9 January 2022 to 28 February 
2022. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts the Group's business, results of operations, and 
financial condition, as well as the Group's regulatory capital and liquidity ratios, will depend on future 
developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. Any material change in the financial 
markets, the Kuwaiti economy or the global economy as a result of recurring outbreaks or future mutations 
in the virus may materially have an adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and financial 
condition. It should be noted that the impact of COVID-19, including actions taken to contain it, might 
heighten many of the other risks noted within these risk factors, including through increasing both the 
probability of negative impact as well as the severity of such impact. 
Credit risks 
The Group may experience a higher level of customer and counterparty defaults arising from 
adverse changes in credit and recoverability which are inherent in the Group's business 
As a result of market conditions prevailing over the last few years, including the impact of COVID-19, 
companies to which the Group directly extends credit have experienced, and may continue to experience, 
decreased revenues, financial losses, insolvency, difficulty in obtaining access to financing and increased 
funding costs and some of these companies have been unable to meet their debt service obligations or other 
expenses as they become due, including amounts payable to the Group. 
Although the economy in Kuwait is beginning to open up, there can be no assurance that this will translate 
in the future into improvement in the performance of the Group's loans, advances and Islamic financing 
provided to customers or in the provisions and impairment losses. A resurgence of waves of COVID-19 could 
trigger further lockdowns which would negatively affect the economy and the Group remains exposed to 
adverse changes in credit and recoverability that are inherent in its business, which may cause it to experience 
a higher level of customer and counterparty defaults in the future. 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group's loans, advances and Islamic financing provided to customers (before 
provisions), amounted to KD 20,943 million compared to KD 20,356 million as at 31 December 2021, KD 
18,192 million as at 31 December 2020 and KD 17,061 million as at 31 December 2019. The Group's non-
performing loans, advances and Islamic financing as at the same dates amounted to KD 259 million, KD 211 
million, KD 312 million and KD 187 million, respectively, equal to 1.24 per cent., 1.04 per cent., 1.72 per 
cent. and 1.10 per cent., respectively, of the total. The increase in non-performing assets in the first six months 
of 2022 was primarily from the services and retail sectors. The decrease in non-performing assets in 2021 
relates to an overall improvement in the credit profile largely from regularisation of exposures in the Kuwait 
corporate portfolio. The increase in non-performing assets in 2020 was primarily from the services, real estate

--- Page 21 ---
4 
 
and construction sectors. The Group also increased its general provisions in 2020 to reflect the continuing 
uncertainty surrounding COVID-19. 
Any such increase in customer and counterparty defaults could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group's credit facilities and debt securities portfolios are concentrated by geography, sector and 
client 
The Group's loans, advances and Islamic financing to customers and its debt securities portfolio (including 
its holding of Kuwaiti Government treasury bonds and CBK bonds) together constituted KD 26,054 million, 
or 76.0 per cent. of its total assets, as at 30 June 2022, KD 25,596 million or 77.0 per cent. of its total assets, 
as at 31 December 2021, KD 23,251 million, or 78.2 per cent. of its total assets, as at 31 December 2020, and 
KD 22,020 million, or 75.2 per cent. of its total assets, as at 31 December 2019. 
In terms of geographical concentration, of the Group's total portfolio of loans, advances and Islamic financing 
as at 31 December 2021, the borrowers in respect of 87.2 per cent. were located in the MENA region 
(principally in Kuwait) compared to 87.9 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 and 89.7 per cent. as at 31 
December 2019. In addition, the Group's debt securities portfolio has significant exposure to MENA region 
issuers which are principally Kuwaiti and other governments. As at 30 June 2022, KD 4,798 million, or 81.1 
per cent., of the total debt securities portfolio comprised exposure primarily to MENA region issuers (KD 
5,111 million, or 87.0 per cent., as at 31 December 2021, KD 4,959 million, or 86.3 per cent., as at 31 
December 2020 and KD 4,782 million, or 87.5 per cent., as at 31 December 2019). 
As a result of the concentration of the Group's credit facilities and debt securities portfolios in Kuwait and 
the MENA region, any significant deterioration in general economic conditions in Kuwait or the MENA 
region could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and financial 
condition. In particular, since the Group has indirect exposure to the oil and gas sector including through 
entities and projects related to the sovereign, any deterioration in oil and gas prices may both directly 
adversely impact the Group through its exposure to these projects and indirectly adversely impact the Group 
as a result of a deterioration in other sectors of the Kuwait economy. 
In terms of sector concentration, the Group discloses the overall sectoral breakdown inclusive of loans, 
advances and Islamic financing, debt securities and off-balance sheet items reflecting its maximum exposure 
to credit risk. However, the Group does not disclose the stand alone sectoral breakdown of its loans, advances 
and Islamic financing and debt securities portfolios. The Group's maximum exposure to credit risk totalled 
KD 38,249 million as at 30 June 2022, KD 37,147 million as at 31 December 2021, KD 33,843 million as at 
31 December 2020 and KD 32,981 million as at 31 December 2019. The Group's maximum exposure to 
credit risk has concentrations of exposure to particular economic sectors, including banks and financial 
institutions which, as at 31 December 2021, accounted for KD 11,215 million, or 30.2 per cent. of its 
maximum total exposure to credit risk. Other significant sectoral concentrations as at 31 December 2021 
were the retail/consumer segment, which accounted for KD 6,808 million, or 18.3 per cent., of the Group's 
maximum exposure to credit risk, the government sector, which accounted for KD 3,973 million, or 10.7 per 
cent., of the Group's maximum exposure to credit risk and the real estate sectors, which together accounted 
for KD 3,976 million, or 10.7 per cent., of the Group's maximum exposure to credit risk. Each of these sectors 
presents different levels of risk. For example, the banking sector is particularly exposed to adverse economic 
conditions, see "—Economic risks—Macro-economic and financial market conditions have materially 
adversely affected and may continue to materially adversely affect the Group's business, results of operations 
and financial condition" above. In addition, the real estate market is cyclical and the retail/consumer segment 
is also impacted by economic conditions, particularly inflation, unemployment, wage freezes and house price 
declines. The Group's consumer financing portfolio was also impacted by the deferral programmes 
announced as a result of the impact of the measures imposed to combat COVID-19 on the consumer sector. 
In terms of client concentration, the Group's 20 largest loans, advances and Islamic financing provided to 
customers outstanding as a percentage of its gross financing portfolio as at 30 June 2022 was 16 per cent. (as 
at 31 December in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019: 16 per cent., 15 per cent. and 16 per cent., respectively). 
The Group is therefore particularly exposed to a default by the borrowers under any one or more of these 
large exposures. 
Such defaults could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and financial 
condition.

--- Page 22 ---
5 
 
A substantial increase in impairment allowances, or incurred losses greater than the level of existing 
provisions for credit losses, would adversely affect the Group's results of operations and financial 
condition 
Credit facilities granted by the Group comprise loans and advances, Islamic financing to customers, letters 
of credit and financial guarantee contracts, and commitments to grant credit facilities. 
The Group is required to recognise impairment allowances for credit facilities at an amount equal to the 
higher of (i) the ECL under IFRS 9 according to CBK guidelines and (ii) the provisions as required by CBK 
instructions. In 2020, the Group was exceptionally allowed to charge losses on financial assets (consumer 
and other instalment loans and credit card receivables) arising from payment holidays granted to customers 
in response to COVID-19 in relation to instalments due during the period 1 April 2020 to 30 September 2020 
(referred to as "modification losses") directly against retained earnings, instead of recognising them in the 
consolidated statement of income as required by IFRS 9 (as discussed in note 33 to the 2020 Financial 
Statements under the heading "Impact of COVID-19"). The impact of the modification losses has been 
reflected in the Group's asset values as at 31 December 2020. These payment holidays to customers and 
absence of delinquency experienced during such period also temporarily disrupted the Bank's normal 
procedures in assessing the risk in the portfolio. With respect to other financial assets, the Group is required 
to adopt IFRS 9 in compliance with the requirements of Kuwait Law No. 1 of 2016 on the Promulgation of 
the Companies Law. 
The Group's overall level of impairment allowances is based upon a wide range of factors, including the 
volume and type of lending and financing being conducted, the collateral held, applicable regulations, past 
due facilities, economic conditions and other factors related to the recoverability of various facilities. 
Although the Group endeavours to establish an appropriate level of impairment allowances in accordance 
with applicable requirements, there can be no assurance that the Group has taken sufficient impairment 
allowances, particularly as a result of the heightened uncertainty as a result of the ongoing impact of COVID-
19. Accordingly, the Group may have to significantly increase its impairment allowances for credit losses in 
the future as a result of increases in non-performing assets, deteriorating economic conditions (especially 
from the impact of any future waves of COVID-19) leading to increases in defaults and bankruptcies, or for 
other reasons. As at 30 June 2022, the Group's impaired loans ratio (defined as impaired loans as a percentage 
of total gross loans) was 1.24 per cent. (as at 31 December in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019: 1.04 per cent., 
1.72 per cent. and 1.10 per cent., respectively). The increase in the first six months of 2022 was primarily 
from the retail and services sectors. The decrease in 2021 related to an overall improvement in the credit 
profile largely from regularisation of exposures in the Kuwait corporate portfolio and the increase in 2020 
was primarily driven by the impact of COVID-19. 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group had KD 259 million of impaired loans, advances and Islamic financing, its 
total provision for credit losses on its loans, advances and Islamic financing was KD 805 million and its 
provision for non-cash facilities was KD 33 million, in each case calculated in accordance with CBK 
requirements. The Group's expected credit loss on credit facilities, determined in accordance with IFRS 9, 
was KD 519 million as at 30 June 2022. As at 31 December 2021, the Group had KD 211 million of impaired 
loans, advances and Islamic financing and its total provision for credit losses on its loans, advances and 
Islamic financing was KD 634 million, in each case calculated in accordance with CBK requirements. The 
Group's expected credit loss on credit facilities, determined in accordance with IFRS 9, was KD 462 million 
as at 31 December 2021. As at 31 December 2020, the Group had KD 312 million of impaired loans, advances 
and Islamic financing and its total provision for credit losses on its loans, advances and Islamic financing 
was KD 687 million, in each case calculated in accordance with CBK requirements. The Group's expected 
credit loss on credit facilities, determined in accordance with IFRS 9, was KD 605 million as at 31 December 
2020. As at 31 December 2019, the Group had KD 187 million of impaired loans, advances and Islamic 
financing and its total provision for credit losses on its loans, advances and Islamic financing was KD 509 
million, in each case calculated in accordance with CBK requirements. The Group's expected credit loss on 
credit facilities, determined in accordance with IFRS 9, was KD 395 million as at 31 December 2019. 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group's provision for credit losses on loans, advances and Islamic financing covered 
311 per cent. of its impaired loans, advances and Islamic financing (as at 31 December in each of 2021, 2020 
and 2019: 300 per cent., 220 per cent. and 272 per cent., respectively). 
Any significant increase in impairment allowances for credit losses reflecting a change in the Group's 
estimation of its expected credit losses, however caused, as well as the occurrence of losses in excess of the

--- Page 23 ---
6 
 
impairment allowances allocated made, would have an adverse effect on the Group's business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
Collateral provided in favour of the Group may not be sufficient to cover any losses and certain security 
interests may not be legally enforceable in Kuwait 
The Group typically requires collateral in the form of cash and/or other assets in situations where the Group 
may not be able to exercise rights over pledged shares or where it enters into guarantees or other third party 
credit support arrangements for credit facilities granted to individuals and corporations. 
The estimated fair value of the collateral which the Group held against its loans, advances and Islamic 
financing to customers individually determined to be non-performing as at 31 December 2021 was KD 136 
million. Collateral held as security against impaired loans, advances and Islamic financing primarily relates 
to real estate and securities. Where the collateral is enforced and the value realised exceeds the outstanding 
debt owed to the relevant member of the Group, the excess is returned to the customer concerned and is not 
available for offset against other debts. Reflecting this fact and the fact that at the time when enforcement is 
required collateral values may be adversely affected, particularly if, for example, the enforcement results 
from a period of significant adverse economic conditions, there is no assurance that the value of the Group's 
collateral will be sufficient to cover all defaulting debts, and any losses recorded in such case, to the extent 
they have not already been provided for, will be recorded as a charge to the Group's income statement. 
The practice of pledging assets (such as securities portfolios and real estate assets) to obtain financing from 
a bank is subject to certain limitations and administrative restrictions under Kuwaiti law. In particular, such 
security over real estate mortgages will require a court order for enforcement. As a result, security over certain 
pledged assets may not be enforced in Kuwaiti courts. Accordingly, the Group may have difficulty 
foreclosing on collateral (including any real estate collateral) or enforcing guarantees or other third party 
credit support arrangements when debtors default on their financial obligations. 
In addition, even if such security interests are enforceable in Kuwaiti courts, the time and costs associated 
with enforcing security interests in Kuwait may make it uneconomic for the Group to pursue such 
proceedings, adversely affecting the Group's ability to recover its credit losses. As at 30 June 2022, the Group 
had loans, advances and Islamic financing to customers (net of provisions) totalling KD 20,138 million (as 
at 31 December in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019: KD 19,722 million, KD 17,504 million and KD 16,553 
million, respectively). For each of 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, on average 45 per cent. of the Group's 
loans, advances and Islamic financing to customers portfolio (excluding consumer loans and net of 
provisions) was secured by collateral, primarily comprising cash, shares and real estate collateral. 
Any decline in the value or liquidity of collateral may prevent the Group from foreclosing on such collateral 
for its full value or at all in the event that a customer becomes insolvent and enters bankruptcy, and could 
thereby adversely affect the Group's ability to recover the full amounts advanced to the customer. 
The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results 
of operations and financial condition. 
The Group could be adversely affected by the soundness or the perceived soundness of other financial 
institutions and counterparties 
The Group is subject to the risk of deterioration in the commercial and financial soundness, or perceived 
soundness, of other financial institutions. This risk is particularly relevant to the Group since banks and other 
financial institutions represented 30.2 per cent. of the Group's maximum exposure to credit risk as at 31 
December 2021 (as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019: 29.4 per cent. and 32.0 per cent., 
respectively). 
Within the financial services industry, the default of any one institution could lead to significant losses, and 
potentially defaults, by other institutions. As was experienced in 2008 and 2009, concerns about, or a default 
by, one institution could also lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other institutions, 
because the commercial and financial soundness of many financial institutions is closely related as a result 
of their credit, trading, clearing or other relationships. Even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or 
questions about, a particular counterparty may lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults 
by the Group or other institutions. This risk, often referred to as "systemic risk", may also adversely affect 
other financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, securities firms and exchanges, 
with whom the Group interacts on a daily basis. Systemic risk, should it materialise, could have a material

--- Page 24 ---
7 
 
adverse effect on the Group's ability to raise new funding and on its business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
Liquidity risks 
The Group's cash flow from its operations may not be sufficient at all times to meet its contractual 
and contingent payment obligations 
If the Group's cash flow from its operations is not sufficient to meet its short- and medium-term contractual 
and contingent payment obligations coming due, it could experience liquidity issues. Such liquidity issues 
could occur if the Group's available liquidity is not sufficient to enable it to service its debt, fulfil loan 
commitments or meet other on-or off-balance sheet payment obligations on specific dates, even if the Group 
continues to receive new deposits from customers, proceeds from new financings or future revenue streams. 
Such liquidity issues could also arise if there is an unexpected outflow of customer deposits, if there is a 
material decline in the value of the Group's liquid securities portfolio or if the Group is unable to secure short-
term funding at commercially acceptable rates to bridge this funding gap. 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group had cash and short-term funds of KD 5,087 million (as at 31 December in 
each of 2021, 2020 and 2019: KD 5,082 million, KD 3,903 million and KD 3,787 million, respectively) and 
a liquid asset ratio (defined as the sum of cash and short-term funds, CBK bonds, Kuwaiti Government 
treasury bonds, deposits with banks and investment securities excluding those at amortised cost, divided by 
total assets) of 33.8 per cent. (as at 31 December in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019: 33.5 per cent., 34.1 per 
cent. and 36.2 per cent., respectively). 
The Group is subject to the Basel III Liquidity Coverage Ratio ("LCR") as adopted by the CBK. The LCR 
is a metric introduced by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision as part of the Basel III criteria to 
measure a bank's ability to manage a sustained outflow of customer funds in a liquidity stress event over a 
30-day period. The ratio is calculated by taking a financial institution's stock of high quality liquid assets 
("HQLAs") – which include low-risk, highly marketable asset classes, designed to provide significant 
sources of liquidity in such a stress scenario – and dividing it by its projected net cash outflows over the 
immediately following 30-day period. The LCR requires that banks have sufficient HQLAs in their liquidity 
buffer to cover the difference between expected cash outflows and expected capped cash inflows over a 30-
day stressed period. Basel III requires the minimum value of the ratio be 100 per cent. (i.e., an institution's 
stock of HQLAs should at least equal projected total net cash outflows). The CBK introduced the LCR in a 
phased manner, setting benchmarks of 70 per cent. in 2016, 80 per cent. in 2017, 90 per cent. in 2018 and 
100 per cent. from 2019. Kuwaiti banks are required to submit, along with existing liquidity reports, their 
LCR reports on a monthly basis (including daily figures for the month) for monitoring purposes as well as 
quarterly by major currency. The Group's three months average LCR as at 30 June 2022 was 156.1 per cent., 
its HQLAs (post-factor) were valued at KD 7,860 million and its net cash outflow was KD 5,043 million (as 
at 31 December in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019: an average LCR ratio of 153.8 per cent., 145.2 per cent. and 
159.7 per cent., respectively, quarterly average HQLAs valued at KD 7,714 million, KD 6,626 million and 
KD 5,833 million, respectively, and average net cash outflows of KD 5,025 million, KD 4,569 million and 
KD 3,675 million, respectively). 
The Group's requirement to comply with the LCR and the associated requirement to maintain a significant 
buffer of HQLAs may affect the Group funding structure, causing more dependency on funding from non-
financial sources and longer-term deposits. Moreover, the inherent cost of maintaining an HQLA portfolio 
of sufficient size and quality to cover regulatory outflow assumptions embedded in the LCR may adversely 
impact the return on assets. 
The Group is also subject to the Basel III Net Stable Funding Ratio ("NSFR") as adopted by the CBK. The 
NSFR is a metric introduced by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision as part of the Basel III criteria 
to measure a bank's ability to maintain a stable funding profile in relation to the composition of its assets and 
off-balance sheet activities. A sustainable funding structure is intended to reduce the likelihood that 
disruptions to a bank's regular sources of funding will erode its liquidity position in a way that would increase 
the risk of its failure and potentially lead to broader systemic stress. The NSFR limits over reliance on short-
term wholesale funding, encourages better assessment of funding risk across all on- and off-balance sheet 
items, and promotes funding stability. The NSFR is defined as the amount of available stable funding ("ASF") 
relative to the amount of required stable funding ("RSF"). ASF is defined as the portion of capital and 
liabilities expected to be reliable over the time horizon considered by the NSFR, which extends to one year. 
RSF is defined as the portion of assets and off-balance sheet exposures expected to be funded on an ongoing

--- Page 25 ---
8 
 
basis over a one-year horizon. The amount of the stable funding required of a specific institution is a function 
of the liquidity characteristics and residual maturities of the various assets held by that institution as well as 
those of its off-balance sheet exposures. Basel III requires the minimum value of the ratio be 100 per cent. 
(i.e., ASF divided by RSF must be greater than or equal to 100 per cent.). Kuwaiti banks are required to submit, 
along with existing liquidity reports, their NSFR reports on a monthly basis (including a daily report for the 
month) for monitoring purpose. As at 30 June 2022, the Group had an NSFR ratio of 113.3 per cent. (as at 31 
December in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019: 110.3 per cent., 115.1 per cent. and 111.1 per cent., respectively). 
The Group's requirement to comply with the NSFR and the associated requirement to maintain a significant 
buffer of stable funding may result in a shift in the Group's liabilities structure. Accordingly, the Group would 
depend even less on funding from financial institutions in favour of funding from the core business areas 
such as consumer and non-financial wholesale clients. Such a shift could adversely impact the Group's 
funding cost given the inherent cost associated with attracting funding from customer deposits, especially 
long-term deposits. The systemic need to adhere to regulatory ratios increases competition among banks to 
attract such deposits. The NSFR, like LCR, also places reliance on HQLA. 
If, as a result of insufficient liquidity, the Group defaults on any contractual or contingent payment obligation, 
such default would have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group relies on short-term demand and time deposits as a major source of funding but primarily 
has medium- and long-term assets, which may result in asset-liability maturity gaps and this risk is 
increased by significant concentrations in the Group's customer deposit portfolio 
The Group is exposed to liquidity risk as a result of mismatches in maturity dates of assets and liabilities. 
Many of the Group's liabilities are short-term demand and time deposits, whereas its assets are generally 
medium to long-term loans. Mismatches between the Group's maturities of assets and liabilities could arise 
if the Group is incapable of obtaining new deposits or alternative sources of finance or the cost of obtaining 
them becomes prohibitive. 
Although the Group has accessed wholesale funding, including through international financial markets, in 
order to diversify and increase the maturity of its funding sources, such borrowings have not eliminated the 
Group's asset-liability maturity gaps. As at 30 June 2022, 81.6 per cent. of the Group's funding (which 
comprises total liabilities and equity) had remaining maturities of one year or less or were payable on demand 
(as at 31 December in each of 2021, 2020, and 2019: 81.2 per cent., 80.5 per cent. and 81.9 per cent., 
respectively). 
The Group's customer deposits amounted to KD 18,921 million, or 63.4 per cent. of its total liabilities, as at 
30 June 2022 (as at 31 December in each of 2021, 2020, and 2019: KD 18,281 million, or 63.5 per cent., KD 
17,104 million, or 66.9 per cent. and KD 15,931 million, or 63.7 per cent., respectively). Kuwaiti Government 
and quasi-government deposits ranged from a high of 23 per cent. in 2019 to a low of 10 per cent. in June 
2022 of the Group's total funding in the period between 1 January 2019 and 30 June 2022. In terms of 
liabilities, the Group's 20 largest customer deposits constituted 23 per cent. of its total customer deposits as 
at 30 June 2022 (as at 31 December in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019: 23 per cent., 21 per cent., and 28 per 
cent., respectively). 
As at 30 June 2022, 78.9 per cent. of the Group's deposits had maturities of less than three months or were 
repayable on demand (as at 31 December in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019: 80.2 per cent., 85.6 per cent., and 
77.6 per cent., respectively), although as is typical in the Kuwaiti banking industry, these deposits have 
generally proved to be "sticky" in nature and a stable source of funding based on historical behaviour analysis. 
Nevertheless, they are repayable on demand or very short notice contractually. 
The availability of deposits is subject to fluctuation due to factors outside the Group's control, including 
possible loss of confidence and competitive pressures, and this could result in a significant outflow of deposits 
within a short period of time or may cause the Group to increase the return paid on its deposits to ensure it 
retains sufficient deposits. The Group may also experience outflows of deposits at times when liquidity is 
constrained generally in Kuwait and the MENA region or when its major depositors experience short- or 
longer-term liquidity requirements. Particularly if international oil and gas prices fall significantly, the 
Group's large depositors (including the Government and quasi-governmental depositors) may start to 
withdraw part or even all of their deposits with it. There has been a decrease in Kuwaiti Government and 
quasi-government deposits accepted by the Group from 2019 through June 2022. Although the Group has 
been able to diversify its deposit base in recent years and increase its retail deposits, if a substantial portion

--- Page 26 ---
9 
 
of the Group's depositors, or any of its large depositors, withdraw their demand deposits or do not roll over 
their time deposits upon maturity, or the Group fails to refinance some of its large short- to medium-term 
borrowings, the Group may need to access more expensive sources to meet its funding requirements. No 
assurance can be given that the Group will be able to obtain additional funding on commercially reasonable 
terms as and when required, or at all. The Group's inability to refinance or replace such deposits with 
alternative funding could materially adversely affect the Group's liquidity, business, results of operations and 
financial condition and, in extreme cases, could, potentially, result in its insolvency. 
The Group has significant off-balance sheet credit-related commitments that may lead to potential losses 
As part of its normal banking business, the Group issues irrevocable commitments to grant credit, 
guarantees, letters of credit and acceptances. All of these are accounted for off-balance sheet until such 
time as they are actually funded or cancelled. Although these commitments are contingent they, 
nonetheless, subject the Group to related credit, liquidity and market risks. As at 30 June 2022, the 
Group had KD 5,626 million outstanding in contingent liabilities and irrevocable commitments to grant credit 
(as at 31 December in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019: KD 5,485 million, KD 5,704 million and KD 5,290 
million, respectively), equal to 21.8 per cent. of its combined loans, advances and Islamic financing to 
customers and contingent liabilities and commitments (as at 31 December in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019: 
21.8 per cent., 24.6 per cent. and 24.2 per cent., respectively). As at 30 June 2022, the Group had a KD 33 
million provision in relation to its non-cash facilities (as at 31 December in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019: 
KD 35 million, KD 37 million and KD 32 million, respectively). 
Although the Group anticipates that not all of its obligations in respect of these commitments will be 
triggered and funds itself accordingly, it may have to make payments in respect of a substantial portion of 
such commitments, particularly in cases where there has been a general deterioration in market conditions. 
This would result in the Group needing to obtain additional funding, potentially at relatively short notice, 
which may not be readily available or may be significantly more expensive, which would reduce the Group's 
margins and adversely impact its operating income and profitability. 
A negative change in the Group's credit rating could limit its ability to raise funding and may increase 
its borrowing costs 
The Group has an issuer credit rating of A with a stable outlook from S&P, a long-term bank deposits rating 
of A1 with a stable outlook from Moody's and a long-term foreign currency issuer default rating of A+ with 
a stable outlook from Fitch. In September 2020, Moody's downgraded the long-term foreign currency 
deposits rating for the Group to A1 from Aa3. On 26 July 2021, S&P revised its outlook on the Group's long-
term foreign currency issuer default rating of A to negative from stable and in July 2022 it revised the outlook 
back to stable. On 7 February 2022, Fitch downgraded the long-term foreign currency issuer default rating 
for the Group to A+ from AA+. These ratings, which are intended to measure the Group's ability to meet its 
debt obligations as they mature, are an important factor in determining the Group's cost of borrowing funds. 
There is no assurance that the Group's ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that the 
ratings will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely if circumstances in the future so warrant. A downgrade of 
the Group's credit ratings, or a negative change in their outlook, may: 
• 
limit the ability of the Group and any of its members to raise funding; 
• 
increase the cost of borrowing of the Group and any of its members; and 
• 
limit the ability of the Group and any of its members to raise capital, 
each of which could adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, 
actual or anticipated changes in the Group's credit rating may affect the market value of Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
According to each of Moody's, S&P and Fitch, a significant factor underpinning the Group's ratings is their 
assessment of support for the Group from the Kuwaiti authorities. Any negative change in the sovereign 
ratings of Kuwait could trigger a reduction in the Group's ratings. See "—Risks Relating to the Region in 
which the Group Principally Operates—The Kuwaiti Government is under no obligation to support the 
Group" below.

--- Page 27 ---
10 
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation. Ratings may not reflect the potential impact 
of all risks related to structure, market, the risk factors discussed in this section and others that may affect the 
value of Notes issued under the Programme. 
Market risks 
Changes in interest rate levels may affect the Group's net interest and Islamic debt margins and 
borrowing costs, and the value of assets sensitive to interest rates and spread changes may be adversely 
affected 
The Group's operations are affected by, among other things, fluctuations in interest rates and funding costs. 
In particular, the Group's activities depend on the Group's interest rate risk management, as well as the 
connections between market rates, interest and Islamic debt margins. The income from financings achieved 
by the Group largely depends on the level of the Group's interest-bearing and income-yielding assets and 
liabilities, as well as the average returns and yields thereon and funding costs. 
Interest rates and funding costs are sensitive to many factors beyond the Group's control, including the 
policies of central banks, such as the CBK and the U.S. Federal Reserve, political factors and domestic and 
international economic conditions. In response to rising global inflationary pressures, the CBK tightened its 
monetary policy through increasing its benchmark interest rate by 0.25 per cent. five times in each of March 
2022, April 2022, June 2022, July 2022 and August 2022, resulting in a current benchmark interest rate of 
2.75 per cent. During the same period in 2022, the US Federal Reserve increased its benchmark rate by 225 
basis points to between 2.25 per cent. to 2.50 per cent. 
If interbank reference rates/yields rise, the Group's principal exposure arises where its deposit rates increase 
without a matching increase in its loan rates, reflecting the generally shorter term of its deposits. The Group's 
marginal cost of funding may increase as a result of a variety of factors, including deterioration of conditions 
in the financial markets or loss of confidence by and between financial institutions. If the Group fails to pass 
on any increases in funding cost to its customers in a timely manner or at all due to market, competitive or 
other conditions, it could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial 
condition. Given the repricing characteristics of the Group's balance sheet, the Group is generally exposed in 
a scenario of falling interest rates/yields. 
In the case of certain retail loans denominated in Kuwaiti dinar, the Group is exposed to some interest rate 
risk, since interest rates on those loans are not re-priced for the first five years and then the subsequent 
permitted adjustments are restricted in amount. 
Any shortage of liquidity in markets that are sources of funding for the Group could contribute to an increase 
in the Group's marginal borrowing costs. Similarly, any increase in interbank reference rates could also affect 
the value of certain assets that are subject to changes in applicable interest rates. The Group's interest/funding 
rate sensitivity position as at 31 December 2021, 2020 and 2019 was based on contractual re-pricing 
arrangements and is set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. See "Risk Management—Principal Risks—
Market Risk—Interest rate risk". 
The Group may experience challenges with the transition to alternative benchmark rates following the 
cessation of LIBOR in 2021 
The Group has a significant amount of income-earning assets and a much lower amount of cost-bearing 
liabilities which have floating interest rates which are tied to LIBOR. The evolving developments 
surrounding the cessation of LIBOR quotations for various major currencies and the consequent adoption of 
alternative benchmark rates will impact the Group's financial products which use LIBOR as the reference 
rate. The Group believes that the main challenges to the transition will lie in dealing with the significant 
changes to documentation, valuation, models/infrastructure and operational processes, as well as the effects 
on legal, tax and accounting rules for both its assets and liabilities. The Group is monitoring the developments 
closely and is actively working on the transition to alternative rates, including implementing the necessary 
changes to contracts and payment calculations (based on recommendations from global and professional 
bodies) and upgrading its infrastructure. However, there are no assurances as to how various market 
participants may react to interest rate volatility after the cessation of LIBOR which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. The Group has 
established a committee to monitor the transition process and several specialised working groups to

--- Page 28 ---
11 
 
implement the required changes. The Group has successfully transitioned its non-US Dollar LIBOR based 
contracts to alternative rates and is actively working on transitioning its US Dollar LIBOR based contracts. 
The Group's exposure to financial assets that are based on US Dollar LIBOR and mature after June 2023 is 
KD 3,213 million as at 31 December 2021. 
Changes in equity and debt securities prices may affect the values of the Group's investment portfolios 
The Group holds investment securities (both equity and fixed-income). A significant proportion of these 
investments are held at fair value through other comprehensive income and a small proportion are held at fair 
value through the statement of income. As a result, changes in the fair value of these securities from period 
to period are recorded in the Group's statement of comprehensive income or statement of income, as the case 
may be, and these changes can be material. 
Any changes in the fair value of these securities, for example as a result of changing equity prices where 
the securities are quoted on an active market, has an impact on the Group's equity – see "Risk 
Management—Principal Risks—Market Risk—Equity price risk", which illustrates the Group's sensitivity to 
a 5 per cent. increase in relevant market indices as at 31 December 2021, 2020 and 2019. In addition, the 
Group's income from securities operations depends on numerous factors beyond its control, such as overall 
market trading activity, interest rate levels, fluctuations in currency exchange rates and general market 
volatility. The Group cannot predict the amount of realised or unrealised gain or loss for any future period, 
and variations from period to period, which may be significant, are not indicative of future performance. 
Gains on the Group's investment portfolio may not continue to contribute to net income at levels 
consistent with those from recent periods or at all. 
The Group's financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by foreign exchange 
risks 
As a financial intermediary, the Group is exposed to foreign exchange rate risk. This risk includes the 
possibility that the value of a foreign currency asset or liability will change due to changes in currency 
exchange rates as well as the possibility that the Group may have to close out any open position in a foreign 
currency at a loss due to an adverse movement in exchange rates. The Group attempts to match the currencies 
of its assets and liabilities and any open currency position is maintained within the limits set by the CBK. 
However, where the Group is not so hedged, it is exposed to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and any 
such hedging activity may not, in all cases, protect the Group against such risks. See "Risk Management—
Principal Risks—Market Risk—Foreign exchange risk", which illustrates the Group's sensitivity to a 5 per 
cent. strengthening in the exchange rate of a number of different currencies against the Kuwaiti dinar as at 
31 December 2021, 2020 and 2019. As at 31 December 2020, 35 per cent. of the Group's gross portfolio of 
loans, advances and Islamic financing was denominated in currencies other than Kuwaiti dinar (namely, in 
order of largest exposure, U.S. dollars, Egyptian pounds, pounds Sterling and other currencies). 
Certain foreign currency positions that are of a "structural" nature remain unhedged, principally relating to 
the Group's investments denominated in currencies other than the Kuwaiti dinar, in consolidated subsidiaries 
and branches and in associated entities. 
The Group's derivative transactions, which are designed to hedge its exposures to foreign exchange rate 
and interest rate risks, may not always be effective, may give rise to significant losses and do not protect 
the Group against all risks associated with foreign exchange rate and interest rate movements 
The Group enters into derivative transactions, such as interest rate swaps and forward foreign exchange 
contracts, both to manage its own interest rate risk on its interest bearing assets and liabilities and its foreign 
currency open positions and cash flows and to provide interest rate and foreign exchange rate solutions to its 
customers. These derivative contracts had a notional value of KD 7,640 million as at 30 June 2022 (as at 31 
December in each of 2021, 2020, and 2019: KD 7,372 million, KD 6,268 million and KD 6,754 million, 
respectively) and the Group's derivatives portfolio had a net positive fair value of KD 154 million as at 30 
June 2022 (as at 31 December in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019: net negative fair values of KD 108 million, 
KD 215 million and KD 68 million, respectively). There is no assurance that the Group's derivative contracts 
will be successful in mitigating its interest rate and foreign exchange exposures or that the Group will not 
experience significant losses on its derivatives contracts from time to time.

--- Page 29 ---
12 
 
Adverse movements in interest and foreign exchange rates may also adversely impact the revenues and 
financial condition of the Group's depositors and borrowers which, in turn, may impact the Group's deposit 
base and the quality of its exposures to certain borrowers. 
Ultimately, there can be no assurance that the Group will be able to protect itself from any adverse effects of 
a currency revaluation or future volatility in interest rate or currency exchange rates, which could have a 
material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Operational risks 
The Group's risk management policies and procedures may not be effective in all circumstances and 
may leave it exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks, which could result in material losses 
In the course of its business activities, the Group is exposed to a variety of risks, the most significant of 
which are credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk and operational risk. See "Risk Management". Investors 
should note that any failure to adequately control these risks could result in material adverse effects 
on the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as its general reputation in 
the market. 
There can be no assurance that the Group's risk management and internal control policies and procedures will 
adequately control, or protect it against, all credit, liquidity, market, operational and other risks. In addition, 
certain risks may not be accurately quantified by the Group's risk management systems. Some of the Group's 
methods of managing risk are based upon the use of historical market data which, as evidenced by events 
caused by the global financial crisis and global macroeconomic volatility in more recent times, may not 
always accurately predict future risk exposures which could be significantly greater than historical measures 
indicate. In addition, certain risks could be greater than the Group's empirical data would otherwise indicate. 
Other risk management methods depend upon evaluation of information regarding the markets in which 
the Group operates, its clients or other matters that are publicly available or information otherwise accessible 
to it. This information may not be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated in all cases. 
Reliance on such information could result in unexpected or unforeseen fluctuations in foreign exchange rates 
or interest rates which could affect the Group's income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. 
Changes in the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument could occur due to sudden changes in 
market prices resulting from factors specific to the individual financial instrument or from factors affecting 
all similar financial instruments traded in the market. Any material 
deficiency in the Group's risk 
management or other internal control policies or procedures may expose it to significant credit, liquidity, 
market or operational risk, which may in turn have a material adverse effect on its business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
The Group's risk management and internal control capabilities are also limited by the information tools and 
technologies available to it. Any material deficiency in the Group's risk management or other internal control 
policies or procedures may expose it to significant credit, liquidity, market or operational risk, which may 
in turn have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group may not be able to recruit and retain qualified and experienced personnel, which could have 
an adverse effect on its business and its ability to implement its strategy 
The Group's ability to maintain and grow its business will depend, in part, on its ability to continue to recruit 
and retain qualified and experienced banking and management personnel. The Group is likely to 
face challenges in recruiting qualified personnel to manage its business. In common with other banks in the 
GCC, the Group experiences a shortage of qualified employees residing in Kuwait, which requires it to 
recruit from outside Kuwait. In addition, even after hiring its employees, the Group has faced challenges in 
retaining such employees due to the continued recruitment efforts of its competitors. 
In recent years, the Kuwaiti Government has made a number of announcements regarding its intention to 
encourage a better balance of Kuwaitis and non-Kuwaiti nationals in the private-sector workforce. This 
process, known as "Kuwaitisation", involves the establishment of suggested ratios for the numbers of 
Kuwaiti nationals who should be employed by respective industries, with the Government's recommended 
policy for financial institutions being that 70 per cent. of a bank's total personnel should consist of Kuwaiti 
nationals. The Bank's Kuwaitisation level as at 30 June 2022 was 74.9 per cent. If the Group is not able to 
meet or exceed the Kuwaiti Government's minimum threshold for Kuwaiti employees, it may be subject to 
certain penalties, including an exclusion from participation in certain Kuwaiti Government-related tender

--- Page 30 ---
13 
 
processes, the imposition of fines by the Ministry of Social Affairs or the imposition of administrative or 
corrective action by the CBK and other governmental authorities. 
The Group depends on the efforts, skill, reputation and experience of its senior management, as well 
as synergies among their diverse fields of expertise and knowledge. The loss of key personnel could 
delay or prevent the Group from implementing its strategies. The Group is also not insured against losses 
which may be incurred in the event of the loss of any member of its key personnel. 
While the Group believes that it has effective staff recruitment, training and incentive programmes in 
place, its failure to recruit, train and/or retain necessary personnel, its inability to dismiss certain 
employees or the shortage of qualified Kuwaiti nationals or other nationals prepared to relocate to 
Kuwait, could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group's business may be adversely affected if there is any disturbance to its operational systems or a 
loss of business continuity 
The Group operates in businesses that are highly dependent on information systems and technologies and 
relies heavily on its financial, accounting and other data processing systems. For example, the Group depends 
on its systems to process a large number of transactions on an accurate and timely basis and to store and 
process substantially all of the Group's business and operating data. The proper functioning of the Group's 
financial control, risk management, credit analysis and reporting, accounting, customer service and other 
systems, as well as the communication networks between its branches and main data processing centres, are 
critical to its business and its ability to compete effectively. If any of these systems do not operate properly 
or are disabled, the Group could suffer financial loss, a disruption of its business, liability to clients, 
regulatory intervention and reputational damage. 
In addition, the Group's current information systems and technologies may not continue to be able to 
accommodate the Group's growth unless the Group continues to invest in upgrading its operational systems, 
for example the Group has implemented a datacentre on Tier 2 model (Uptime Institute) as well as several 
systems on an Active – Active resilience model in the datacentre. Any failure by the Group to accommodate 
growth, or an increase in costs related to its information systems, would have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business. The cost of improving or upgrading the Group's information systems and technologies may 
be substantial and the cost of maintaining such systems is likely to increase from its current level. 
The Group is subject to a growing threat to its information systems and customer data from cyber-attacks. 
Activists, rogue States and cyber criminals are among those targeting computer systems around the world. 
Risks to technology and cyber-security change rapidly and require continued focus and investment. Given 
the increasing sophistication and scope of potential cyber-attack, it is possible that future attacks may lead to 
significant breaches of security which further necessitates the Group's continued investment in operational 
system upgrades. Failure to adequately manage cyber-security risk and continually review and update current 
processes in response to new threats could disrupt the Group's business, result in the disclosure of confidential 
information, create significant financial and/or legal exposure and damage the Group's reputation and/or 
brands, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
The Group's employees could engage in misrepresentation, misconduct or improper practice that could 
expose the Group to direct and indirect financial loss and damage to its reputation. Such practices may include 
embezzling clients' funds, engaging in corrupt or illegal practices to originate further business, intentionally 
or inadvertently releasing confidential information about clients or failing to follow internal procedures. 
Although the Group's operational and risk management systems are designed to detect and deter such 
misconduct, these systems may not always be effective and there can be no assurance that measures 
undertaken to combat employee misconduct will be successful. Such actions by employees could expose the 
Group to financial losses resulting from (i) the need to reimburse clients, co-investors or other business 
partners who suffered loss as a result of the actions or (ii) fines or other regulatory sanctions, and could also 
damage the Group's reputation, which would in turn be likely to materially adversely affect the Group's 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group's business operations and business processes are also vulnerable to damage or interruption 
from fires, floods, extreme weather, power loss, bomb threats, explosions or other forms of terrorist 
activity and other natural and man-made disasters or other extreme events. These systems may also be 
subject to criminal damage, vandalism, theft and similar wrongdoing. If there is a disaster or other

--- Page 31 ---
14 
 
disruption and the Group's disaster recovery plans are found to be inadequate for any reason (including, 
for instance, due to the Group's geographically concentrated operations), there could be an adverse impact 
on the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
If any of the foregoing were to occur, it could materially adversely affect the Group's businesses, results 
of operations and financial condition. 
Future events may be different from those reflected in the management assumptions and estimates used 
in the preparation of the Group's financial statements, which may cause unexpected losses in the future 
Accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how the Group records and reports its financial 
condition and results of operations. Pursuant to IFRS rules and interpretations in effect as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the Group is required to make certain estimates in preparing its financial statements, 
including accounting estimates to determine financial and credit loss reserves and the fair value of certain 
assets and liabilities, among other items. 
Management has identified the most significant judgments and estimates made by it in note 2.35 to the 2021 
Financial Statements. These judgments and estimates include, for example, the determination of when certain 
assets (such as goodwill and investment in associates) may be impaired, the classification of financial assets, 
the determination of estimated credit losses and fair values of assets and liabilities. 
A variety of factors could affect the ultimate value that is obtained either when earning income, recognising 
an expense, recovering an asset or reducing a liability. The Group has established policies and control 
procedures that are intended to ensure its significant accounting estimates and judgments are well-controlled 
and applied consistently. In addition, the policies and procedures are intended to ensure the process for 
changing methodologies occurs in an appropriate manner. However, due to the uncertainty surrounding the 
Group's judgments and the estimates pertaining to these matters, the Group cannot guarantee that it will not 
be required to make changes in accounting estimates or restate prior period financial statements in the future. 
Should the estimated values for such items prove substantially different to actual values, particularly because 
of significant and unexpected market movements, or if the methods by which such values were determined 
are revised in future IFRS rules or interpretations, the Group may experience unexpected losses. 
Regulatory risks 
The Group is subject to extensive regulation and changes in applicable laws or regulations, the 
interpretation and enforcement of such laws or regulations, or any failure by the Group to comply with 
these laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on the Group 
The Group is subject to a number of prudential and regulatory controls designed to maintain the safety and 
soundness of banks, ensure their compliance with economic, social and other objectives and limit their 
exposure to risk. These controls include liquidity regulations, Basel III capital adequacy and leverage 
regulations, credit risk regulations, concentration risk regulations and interest cap regulations, see "Banking 
Industry and Regulation in Kuwait". These controls include laws and regulations promulgated by the CBK, 
the Kuwait Capital Markets Authority (the "CMA") and the Boursa Kuwait, as well as the laws and 
regulations of the other countries in which the Group operates, including the United States, the United 
Kingdom, France, Switzerland, China, Singapore, Lebanon, the Cayman Islands, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, 
United Arab of Emirates and Egypt. 
Any of these or the other regulations to which the Group is subject may limit its ability to increase its credit 
portfolio or raise capital or may increase its cost of doing business. Any future changes in laws or in CBK 
and other applicable regulations or policy and/or the manner in which they are interpreted or enforced may 
affect the Group's reserves, revenues and performance and may have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Furthermore, the Group's ability to satisfy minimum capital adequacy requirements may be adversely 
impacted by many factors, including, among other things: (i) an increase in risk-weighted assets at the Group; 
(ii) an increase in credit risk, credit losses or impairment allowances; (iii) an inability to obtain capital; (iv) 
the results of the Group's activities; (v) a decline in the value of the Group's securities portfolio; (vi) any 
inaccurate estimates adopted by the Group regarding the amount of capital required to cover operating risk; 
(vii) changes in accounting principles or recommendations related to the calculation of the capital adequacy 
ratio of banks; (viii) fluctuations in exchange rates which influence the value of assets denominated in foreign 
currencies; (ix) changes in interest rates; and (x) changes in regulations or in the methods by which the

--- Page 32 ---
15 
 
regulatory authorities, including the CBK, apply capital adequacy regulations. Any non-compliance with 
applicable regulatory guidelines could expose the Group to potential liabilities and fines. In addition, the 
potential adoption by the CBK (and the implementation phase) of the final (and future) standards published 
by the Basel Committee, including the revised standardised approach for credit risk and for market and 
operational risks and others, may have adverse impact on the Group's ability to satisfy minimum capital 
adequacy requirements. 
If the Group fails to comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism financing, sanctions 
and other related regulations, it could face fines and damage to its reputation 
In order to carry out and expand its businesses, it is necessary for the Group to maintain or obtain a variety 
of licences, permits, approvals and consents from various regulatory, legal, administrative, tax and other 
governmental authorities and agencies. The processes for obtaining these licences, permits, approvals and 
consents are often lengthy, complex, unpredictable and costly. If the Group is unable to maintain or obtain 
the relevant licences, permits, approvals and consents, its ability to achieve its strategic objectives could be 
impaired which would be likely to adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group is also required to comply with applicable know your customer, anti-money laundering and 
counter-terrorism financing laws and regulations in Kuwait and other jurisdictions where it operates, 
including those related to countries subject to sanctions by the United States Office of Foreign Assets Control, 
similar regulations of the European Union (the "EU") and other jurisdictions, and applicable anti-corruption 
laws in the jurisdictions in which it conducts business. 
To the extent that the Group fails or is perceived to fail to comply with these and other applicable laws and 
regulations, its reputation could be materially damaged and it could be subject to fines or other monetary 
penalties. This could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE REGION IN WHICH THE GROUP PRINCIPALLY OPERATES 
Kuwait's economy and government revenues are significantly impacted by, and are dependent upon, 
international oil prices 
The oil sector is the principal contributor to Kuwait's economy and oil revenues account for the majority of 
the Kuwaiti Government's total revenues and export earnings. According to the CSB, the oil sector (excluding 
refining) accounted for 54.1 per cent., 53.9 per cent. and 53.9 per cent. of Kuwait's real GDP in 2018, 2019 
and 2020, respectively. The oil sector continues to be the main contributor to Kuwait's annual revenues, 
accounting for 83.6 per cent. of total Government revenues for the fiscal year ended 31 March 2021, 
according to the Kuwait Ministry of Finance. Accordingly, Kuwait's economy is significantly impacted by, 
and is dependent upon, international oil prices. 
The OPEC Reference Basket price has seen significant volatility since early 2020. In March 2020, OPEC 
officials proposed a plan to the members of OPEC, including Kuwait, and other non-OPEC member countries, 
including Russia, to cut global production by 1.5 per cent. No agreement was reached, ending a three-year 
partnership between OPEC and major non-OPEC oil exporters. This also resulted in 'OPEC plus' failing to 
extend the agreement of cutting 2.1 million barrels per day that was set to expire at the end of March 2020. 
In March 2020, Saudi Arabia announced that it would raise oil output and discount its oil in April 2020. As 
a result of the above factors and the COVID-19 outbreak weakening the demand for oil, the OPEC Reference 
Basket price fell significantly. In early April 2020, OPEC plus announced that it had reached an agreement 
to cut production by 9.7 million barrels a day. This agreement remains in place although production has been 
amended on a number of occasions. The OPEC Reference Basket price continued to fluctuate throughout 
2020 and 2021 but, by the final quarter of 2021, had exceeded pre-COVID 19 levels due to continued OPEC+ 
supply restraint, supply shortfalls and strengthening oil demand. In 2022, the OPEC Reference Basket price 
increased sharply, principally reflecting tensions around Russia's invasion of Ukraine in February 2022. The 
annual average OPEC Reference Basket prices were U.S.$64.04 in 2019, U.S.$41.47 in 2020 and U.S.$69.89 
in 2021. The monthly average OPEC Reference Basket prices were U.S.$85.24 in January 2022, U.S.$93.95 
in February 2022, U.S.$113.48 in March 2022, U.S.$105.64 in April 2022, U.S.$113.87 in May 2022, 
U.S.$117.72 in June 2022, and U.S.$108.82 in July 2022. 
Based on statistics published by the CSB, Kuwait's nominal GDP grew by 14.0 per cent. in 2018, fell by 0.9 
per cent. in 2019 and by 21.5 per cent. in 2020, whilst its real GDP grew by 2.4 per cent. in 2018, declined

--- Page 33 ---
16 
 
by 0.6 per cent. in 2019 and declined by 8.9 per cent. in 2020. According to preliminary IMF data (as of April 
2022), Kuwait's real GDP is estimated to have increased by 1.3 per cent. in 2021, and is projected to rise by 
8.2 per cent. and 2.6 per cent. in 2022 and 2023, respectively. Kuwait's current account balance recorded a 
surplus of KD 6.0 billion in 2018, KD 5.4 billion in 2019 and KD 0.9 billion in 2020, according to the CBK. 
The Kuwaiti Government recorded fiscal deficits in each fiscal year from and including its 2015/16 financial 
year to and including the 2020/2021 financial year, according to the Kuwait Ministry of Finance. The official 
budget for 2021/2022, as published by the Kuwait Ministry of Finance, projected a deficit of KD 12.1 billion, 
although this was based upon an oil price assumption of U.S.$45 per barrel. The Ministry of Finance's draft 
budget for the fiscal year 2022/23 projects a deficit of KD 3.1 billion based on an oil price of U.S.$65 per 
barrel. The budget appears contractionary with spending expected to decrease by 4.8 per cent. over the 
previous year's budget. Capital expenditures are targeted to be KD 2.9 billion. The intention is to narrow the 
fiscal deficit. However, the draft budget has not yet been approved by the National Assembly and could be 
subject to revision before it is published 
Kuwait's economy is generally negatively impacted by sustained periods of prevailing low oil prices In 
addition, ancillary industrial activities related to oil and gas exploration and production are also negatively 
affected by low oil prices and sectors that are dependent on Government consumption may be adversely 
affected by lower levels of economic activity that may result from lower Government revenue from 
oil and gas production. Additionally, although the CBK has the ability to adjust the components of the 
Kuwaiti Dinar Basket against which the Kuwaiti dinar is pegged, there can be no assurance that the CBK 
will maintain the Kuwaiti Dinar Basket at its current level, which could lead to higher inflation and 
negatively affect confidence in the Kuwaiti economy. 
In general, international prices for crude oil are affected by many factors over which the Group has no control, 
including: economic and political developments in oil-producing regions, particularly in the Middle East (see 
"—Kuwait is located in a region that has been subject to ongoing political and security concerns" below) as 
well as globally, global and regional supply and demand, and expectations regarding future supply and 
demand, for oil products, including the price and availability of new technologies such as renewable energy 
and unconventional oil and gas extraction methods. In addition to this, international prices for crude oil may 
be affected by the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and associated travel restrictions, the ability 
of members of OPEC and other crude oil producing nations to agree upon and maintain specified global 
production levels and prices, and global weather and environmental conditions. Local and international 
environmental regulations designed to reduce carbon emissions and/or climate change and any other actions 
taken by major crude oil producing or consuming countries (based on the changing attitudes and sentiments 
of and actions by consumers generally globally towards products derived from or based on oil) may also 
impact the international price for crude oil. 
There can be no assurance that these factors, in combination with others, will not result in a future decline 
(which may be prolonged) in oil prices, which may have an adverse effect on the Kuwaiti economy which, 
in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations and thereby affect the Issuer's or the Bank's ability to perform its obligations in respect of any 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
Kuwait is located in a region that has been subject to ongoing political and security concerns 
The majority of the Group's current operations and interests are located in Kuwait and the MENA region. 
The Group's results of operations are, and will continue to be, generally affected by financial, economic and 
political developments in or affecting Kuwait, the GCC and the wider MENA region and, in particular, by 
the level of economic activity in these regions which, in turn, is affected by the prevailing level of global 
crude oil prices. It is not possible to predict the occurrence of events or circumstances, such as war or 
hostilities, or the impact of such occurrences, and no assurance can be given that the Group would be able to 
sustain the operation of its business if adverse political events or circumstances were to occur. A general 
downturn or instability in certain sectors of the Kuwaiti or the regional economy could have an adverse effect 
on the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Investors should also note that the Group's business and financial performance could be adversely affected 
by political, economic or related developments both within and outside the Middle East because of inter-
relationships within the global financial markets. In addition, the implementation by the Kuwaiti Government 
of restrictive fiscal or monetary policies or regulations, including changes with respect to interest rates, new 
legal interpretations of existing regulations or the introduction of taxation or exchange controls could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations and thereby

--- Page 34 ---
17 
 
affect the Issuer's or the Bank's ability to perform its obligations in respect of any Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
Although Kuwait generally enjoys domestic political stability and healthy international relations, it is located 
in a region that is strategically important and parts of this region have experienced regional geopolitical 
instability in the last decade. In recent years, there has been social and political unrest and/or armed conflict 
in a range of countries in the MENA region, including the multinational conflict with the Islamic State of 
Iraq and the Levant ("ISIL"), also known as Daesh or ISIS. This unrest has ranged from public 
demonstrations to, in extreme cases, armed conflict and civil war, and has also given rise to significantly 
increased political uncertainty across the region. These situations have caused significant disruption to the 
economies of the affected countries and have had a destabilising effect on international oil and gas prices. 
Tensions in the Gulf region have increased following the seizure by Iran of a British tanker in July 2019 and, 
more broadly, due to several incidents including oil tankers in the Strait of Hormuz and Gulf of Oman. On 
14 September 2019, the Abqaiq processing facility and the Kurais oil field in Saudi Arabia were damaged to 
a significant extent in apparent drone attacks, which caused an immediate significant reduction in the output 
of Saudi Aramco, Saudi Arabia's national oil company. There have been further attacks on Saudi Arabian oil 
and gas facilities, most recently in March 2022, as well as reported attacks on UAE oil and gas facilities, 
most recently in January 2022. There can be no assurance that similar incidents could not occur elsewhere in 
the Gulf region. 
Furthermore, other world events could have an impact on the political and security situation in Kuwait and 
the wider MENA region. Since the 1990 Gulf War, Kuwait and the United States have enjoyed close 
economic and strategic ties. On 20 January 2017, Donald J. Trump was inaugurated as the 45th President of 
the United States. On 8 May 2018, the United States announced its withdrawal from the comprehensive 
agreement between the U.N. Security Council's five permanent members plus Germany and Iran which was 
reached on July 2015, reinstating U.S. nuclear sanctions on the Iranian regime. The United States also 
announced that it would not renew exceptional waivers for importing Iranian oil for several oil-importing 
countries, effective from May 2019. On 2 January 2020 the United States carried out a military strike which 
killed a senior Iranian military commander. As a result of this military strike Iran launched missiles at a US 
base in Iraq. In November 2020, Joseph R. Biden, Jr. was elected as the 46th President of the United States 
on a platform of reversing many of Donald Trump's policies. Joseph R. Biden, Jr. became President of the 
United States in January 2021. A shift in the relationship between Kuwait and the United States or changing 
U.S. political priorities in the region could have a material adverse effect on Kuwait's economic, political or 
financial condition. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations and thereby affect the Issuer's or the Bank's ability to perform 
its obligations in respect of any Notes issued under the Programme. 
The banking industry is competitive and the Group is exposed to significant competition in Kuwait 
The Group faces high levels of competition for all of its products and services in Kuwait. In particular, the 
Group competes with other domestic banks (both conventional and Islamic), in addition to the Kuwaiti 
branches of non-Kuwaiti banks, and such competition may increase. See "Description of the Group— 
Competition In Kuwait". 
The Kuwaiti banking sector comprises five locally based conventional commercial banks and branches of 11 
other non-Kuwaiti banks. In addition, a specialised bank, five banks operating according to the provisions of 
Islamic Shari'a (one of which is a subsidiary of the Group) and a branch of a Saudi Arabian bank are also 
licensed to operate in Kuwait. While the domestic consumer banking sector is dominated by Kuwaiti banks 
in terms of market share, particularly as a result of the relatively high barriers to entry for non-Kuwaiti banks, 
in terms of local licensing requirements, access to KD liquidity and the need for a Kuwaiti branch network, 
the Group faces greater competition from non-Kuwaiti banks in the domestic corporate and private banking 
sector. 
The Group believes that, in order to compete effectively, it will need to continue to upgrade its existing IT 
capabilities and infrastructure, with a particular focus on automation and the need to move beyond 
frameworks towards a greater array of capabilities at higher rates in the deployment of technology-enabled 
solutions. 
In addition, the Group believes the Bank's large size has been, to some extent, a constraint on its ability to 
grow its credit portfolio across different business groups as the size of its portfolio requires significantly more

--- Page 35 ---
18 
 
effort to grow at a faster rate than smaller competitors in order to maintain the Bank's net market share. 
Separately, there have been a number of recently announced and completed bank mergers affecting banks in 
the GCC, particularly in the UAE. Should any future mergers involve one or more of the Bank's principal 
competitors in Kuwait, the Bank could face significantly increased competition. 
The competitive nature of the Kuwaiti banking market and any failure by the Group to continue to compete 
successfully in Kuwait may adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Tax changes in Kuwait may have an adverse effect on the Group 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group is not currently subject to corporation tax on its earnings 
within Kuwait and Kuwait does not impose value-added tax ("VAT") on the sale of goods and services. 
However, investors should be aware that certain GCC states, not including Kuwait, have recently 
implemented VAT on goods and services as part of a GCC-wide VAT framework. Currently, the Kuwaiti 
Government has not announced plans to introduce VAT in 2022. In addition, the Kuwaiti Government is 
implementing fiscal reforms which may include introducing a proposed 10 per cent. corporate income tax in 
the future. 
It is possible that, once VAT is introduced in Kuwait, the Group's costs would increase and its future 
profitability could be negatively affected. In addition, the proposed imposition of a tax on corporate earnings, 
if implemented and applied to the Group's operations in Kuwait, would reduce its profits available for 
distribution to shareholders through dividends. 
Kuwait may introduce corporate income tax 
The Group is not currently subject to corporation tax on its earnings within Kuwait. However, on 14 March 
2016 the Kuwait Cabinet of Ministers approved plans to implement a corporate tax of 10 per cent. on the 
annual profits of Kuwaiti incorporated entities (the "Proposed Corporate Income Tax"), which may be 
applicable to the Group for future financial years. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Proposed 
Corporate Income Tax does not have the force of law until such time as it has been ratified by the Kuwaiti 
Parliament, signed by the Emir and published in the Official Gazette. It is currently uncertain as to whether 
the Proposed Corporate Income Tax will be promulgated into law in the form in which it has been proposed 
by the Cabinet of Ministers, or at all. If the Kuwaiti authorities impose new tax regimes on the Group (whether 
in the form of the Proposed Corporate Income Tax or otherwise), or introduce any other changes in tax laws 
which make doing business in Kuwait less attractive, this may have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
The Kuwait legal system continues to develop and this may create an uncertain environment for 
investment and business activity 
Kuwait is in the process of developing governing institutions and legal and regulatory systems, which are not 
yet as firmly established as they are in Western Europe and the United States. Kuwait (together with other 
countries in the GCC region) has enacted measures to promote greater efficiency and certainty within its legal 
and regulatory systems. Among those measures, Kuwait and countries within the GCC region have assumed 
obligations under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (the "GATT") (as administered by the World 
Trade Organisation (the "WTO")) and Kuwait has enacted legislation, inter alia, to extend foreign ownership 
of businesses. However, Kuwait may experience changes in its economy and government policies (including, 
without limitation, policies relating to the continued extension of the rights of foreign ownership pursuant to 
Kuwait's GATT/WTO obligations) that may affect the rights of holders of any Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
The legal system in Kuwait may not provide the same degree of protection or require the levels of disclosure 
of information that would be the case in Western Europe or the United States. Any unexpected changes in 
the legal systems in Kuwait may have a material adverse effect on the rights of holders of any Notes issued 
under the Programme or the investments that the Group has made or may make in the future, which may in 
turn have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 36 ---
19 
 
Investing in securities involving emerging markets countries, such as Kuwait, generally involves a 
higher degree of risk than investments in securities of issuers from more-developed countries 
Investing in securities involving emerging markets countries, such as Kuwait, generally involves a higher 
degree of risk than investments in securities of issuers from more-developed countries. In the case of Kuwait, 
these higher risks include those discussed in this section as well as higher volatility and limited liquidity in 
its markets, a heightened risk of sudden changes in the legal, economic and political environment, instability 
in neighbouring countries, a heightened risk of business dealings in jurisdictions with operating risks relating 
to fraud, bribery and corruption and lack of adequate infrastructure necessary to accelerate economic growth. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that the market for securities bearing emerging market risk, such as 
any Notes issued under the Programme, will not be affected negatively by events elsewhere, especially in 
emerging markets. International investors' reactions to events occurring in one emerging market country or 
region sometimes appear to demonstrate a "contagion" effect, in which an entire region or class of investment 
consequently becomes out of favour with such investors. If such a "contagion" effect were to occur, the 
trading price of Notes issued under the Programme could be adversely affected by negative economic or 
financial developments in other emerging market countries, particularly in the MENA region, over which the 
Group has no control. 
Additionally, emerging markets may be particularly susceptible to disruptions in the capital markets and the 
reduced availability of credit, or the increased cost of debt, which could result in their experiencing financial 
difficulty. No assurance can be given that this will not be the case in the future for Kuwait. 
As a consequence, an investment in Notes issued under the Programme carries risks that are not typically 
associated with investing in notes issued by issuers in markets which are more mature. Accordingly, 
prospective investors should exercise particular care in evaluating the risks involved and must decide for 
themselves whether, in light of those risks, their investment is appropriate. Generally, investment in emerging 
markets is suitable only for sophisticated investors who fully appreciate the significance of the risks involved. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
The Notes may be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
Any optional redemption feature that any Notes may include is likely to limit their market value. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem certain Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not 
rise substantially above the price at which they may be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to their final maturity date for tax reasons 
If the Issuer becomes obliged to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes as provided or referred 
to in Condition 9 (Taxation) or the Guarantor is unable for reasons outside its control to procure payment by 
the Issuer and in making payment itself would be required to pay such additional amounts, in each case as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant Tax Jurisdiction (as defined 
in Condition 9 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is 
reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, the Issuer may redeem all but not some only of the outstanding 
Notes of such Tranche in accordance with Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) of the Notes. 
In such circumstances, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable 
security with a similar rate of return, which may have an adverse effect on the position of such investor. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes generally

--- Page 37 ---
20 
 
will not rise substantially above the Early Redemption Amount. Potential investors should consider re-
investment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Partly-paid Notes are subject to additional risks 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Failure to pay any 
subsequent instalment could result in an investor losing all of his investment. 
Regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the trading market for, value of and return on 
Floating Rate Notes based on such benchmarks 
Interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of recent 
national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Floating Rate Notes referencing such a 
benchmark. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, and such changes could (amongst other things) 
have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level of the benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"). The guiding principles 
indicate, inter alia, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback 
provisions) may increase the risk to the Euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the Euro risk-free rate 
working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (a) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (b) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the benchmark; and/or (c) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Floating Rate Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 6.2(h)(i) (Independent Adviser) is applicable, the 
Conditions provide that where a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions) occurs, including if the 
relevant Reference Rate (as defined in the Conditions), and/or any page on which the relevant Reference Rate 
may be published, becomes unavailable, there is a possibility that the Rate of Interest could alternatively be 
set by an Independent Adviser or the Guarantor (without a requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders) by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate, and (in either case) an 
Adjustment Spread may be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate. The use of any 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread to determine 
the Rate of Interest is likely to result in Floating Rate Notes initially linked to or referencing the relevant 
Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Interest Amount) than they

--- Page 38 ---
21 
 
would do if the relevant Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. Further, the market (if 
any) for Floating Rate Notes linked to any such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate may be less 
liquid than the market for Floating Rate Notes linked to the relevant Reference Rate. 
In addition, the application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the Floating Rate Notes performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower Interest Amount) than they would do if the relevant 
Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. The consent of the Noteholders shall not be 
required in connection with effecting a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and/or (in either case) an Adjustment Spread or such other changes, including for the execution of any 
documents or other steps by the Fiscal Agent to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate and (in either case) the Adjustment Spread. 
The Guarantor may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser appointed by 
the Guarantor may fail to determine the Successor Rate or failing which the Alternative Reference Rate and/or 
(in either case) an Adjustment Spread, in which case, the Guarantor may (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner), determine the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate and (in 
either case) an Adjustment Spread. Where the Guarantor has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser 
or the Independent Adviser or the Guarantor (as applicable) has failed to determine a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Reference Rate prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to such Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last 
determined in relation to the Floating Rate Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period 
which may be the initial Rate of Interest. Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event is likely 
to result in Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing the relevant Reference Rate performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the relevant Reference Rate 
were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and/or (in either case) an 
Adjustment Spread could be determined. In particular, applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event is likely to result in the effective application of a fixed rate for the next succeeding Interest 
Period. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, 
any Floating Rate Notes which reference a benchmark. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 6.2(h)(ii) (ARRC) is applicable, if the Guarantor 
determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (each as defined 
in the Conditions) has occurred, the then-current Benchmark (as defined in the Conditions) will be replaced 
by a Benchmark Replacement (determined by the Guarantor in accordance with the Conditions) for all 
purposes relating to the relevant Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations 
on all subsequent dates. 
Investors in Floating Rate Notes should consult their own independent advisers and make their own 
assessment about the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks 
Regulation reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark and the material 
adverse effect these may have on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Notes which 
reference any such benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes 
The use of SOFR as a reference rate for Eurobonds continues to develop. This relates not only to the substance 
of the calculation and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of 
bonds referencing SOFR, but also how widely SOFR and related methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SOFR that differs significantly from that 
set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference SOFR issued under the Programme. The 
Issuer may in the future also issue Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR that differ materially in terms of 
interest determination when compared with any previous Notes issued by it under the Programme. The 
development of SOFR for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or 
could otherwise affect the market price of any Floating Rate Notes that reference SOFR issued under the 
Programme from time to time.

--- Page 39 ---
22 
 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SOFR in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SOFR in the bond, 
loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in 
place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in SOFR notes 
issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding 
formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, market 
participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, 
including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market's 
forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) 
or different measures of such risk-free rates. For example, on 2 March 2020, the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, as administrator of SOFR, began publishing the SOFR Compounded Index. If the relevant risk-
free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Floating Rate Notes, the trading price of such 
Floating Rate Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that 
are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Floating 
Rate Notes which reference SOFR or any related indices. 
SOFR differs from inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects and has a limited history 
SOFR differs from inter-bank offered rates ("IBORs", which include EURIBOR) in a number of material 
respects. These include (without limitation) that SOFR is backwards-looking, calculated on a compounded 
basis, risk-free, overnight rate and secured, whereas IBORs are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-
looking term and include a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that 
IBORs and SOFR may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, 
SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform 
differently over time to IBORs which are unsecured rates. For example, since publication of SOFR began on 
3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable 
benchmarks or other market rates. 
Publication of SOFR in its current form began in April 2018 and it therefore has a limited history. The future 
performance of SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical performance. The 
level of SOFR during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to the historical level of SOFR. Prior 
observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to SOFR, such as correlations, 
may change in the future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of the future 
performance of SOFR nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference SOFR is only capable of being determined immediately prior 
to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference SOFR to 
estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be 
unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could 
adversely impact the liquidity of the Notes. Further, in contrast to Floating Rate Notes referencing an IBOR, 
if the Notes become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 11 (Events of Default), 
or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest 
payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately 
prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SOFR or discontinue SOFR 
The Issuer and the Guarantor have no control over the determination, calculation or publication of SOFR. 
There can be no guarantee that SOFR will not be discontinued, suspended or fundamentally altered in a 
manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Notes referencing SOFR. In particular, the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor), as administrator of SOFR, may make methodological 
or other changes that could change the value of SOFR or its related indices, including changes related to the 
method by which SOFR or a related index is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used 
to calculate SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SOFR or a related index. In addition, the 
administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SOFR or a related index (in 
which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator has

--- Page 40 ---
23 
 
no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or 
discontinuing SOFR or a related index. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes are subject to increased volatility 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other conventional 
floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse 
Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest 
rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects 
the market value of these Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are subject to additional risk 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate 
at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market 
value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium are subject to increased volatility 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
The Subordinated Notes and the Guarantee in respect of the Subordinated Notes are expressed to rank 
junior to unsubordinated creditors of, respectively, the Issuer and the Guarantor 
The Subordinated Notes and the Guarantee in respect of the Subordinated Notes shall constitute subordinated 
obligations of, respectively, the Issuer and the Guarantor, as more particularly described in Condition 4 
(Status). Accordingly, in the event of a winding-up or administration of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the 
case may be, or an analogous process under the laws of the DIFC or Kuwait, the rights and claims of the 
holders of Subordinated Notes will be contractually subordinated to, respectively, Senior Creditors of the 
Issuer (as defined in Condition 4.3 (Status of the Subordinated Notes)) or Senior Creditors of the Guarantor 
(as defined in Condition 4.4 (Status of the Deed of Guarantee in respect of the Subordinated Notes)), as the 
case may be, and the relevant liquidator, applying the contractual terms, would first apply assets of, 
respectively, the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, to satisfy claims of, respectively, all Senior 
Creditors of the Issuer or all Senior Creditors of the Guarantor, as the case may be. The Subordinated Notes 
will share equally in payment with the subordinated obligations of the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor if, respectively, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, does not have sufficient funds to 
make full payment on all of them. In such a situation, holders of Subordinated Notes could lose all or some 
of their investment. 
Certain bearer notes, the denomination of which involves integral multiples, may be illiquid and difficult 
to trade 
If an issue of Bearer Notes is in denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus one 
or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded in 
amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder 
who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a 
definitive Bearer Note in respect of such holding (should such Notes be printed) and would need to purchase 
a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.

--- Page 41 ---
24 
 
If definitive Bearer Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Investors in the Notes must rely on DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures 
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes or Global 
Certificates that may be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
may be deposited with a nominee for the Depository Trust Company ("DTC"). Except in the circumstances 
described in each Global Note or Global Certificate, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in 
definitive form. Each of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and 
indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each Global Note or Global Certificate 
held through it. While the Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate, investors will be able 
to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing systems and their respective participants 
and the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments through the 
relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note or Global Certificate must rely 
on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants in relation to payments under the Notes. 
The Issuer shall have no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, 
beneficial interests in any Global Note or Global Certificate. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note or Global Certificate will not have a direct right to vote in 
respect of the Notes so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they 
are enabled by the relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, issue additional Notes. These additional Notes, 
even if they are treated for non-tax purposes as part of the same series as the original Notes, may be treated 
as a separate series for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the holders of the Notes of the relevant Series, issue additional 
Tranches of Notes which may be consolidated and form a single Series with one or more Tranches previously 
issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such additional Tranches may be treated as a separate series for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes. In such a case, the Notes of any such additional Tranche may be considered to 
have been issued with "original issue discount" for U.S. federal income tax purposes and this may reduce the 
market value of the Notes of such Tranche to certain classes of investor. 
A secondary market may not develop for any Notes 
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued. A market may not develop for such Notes 
and, if a market does develop, such market may not be liquid. The liquidity of any market for the Notes will 
depend on a number of factors, including, but not limited to: 
• 
the method of calculating the principal and interest in respect of the Notes; 
• 
the time remaining to the maturity of the Notes; 
• 
the outstanding amount of the Notes; 
• 
the redemption features of the Notes; and 
• 
the level, direction and volatility of market interest rates generally. 
As a result, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. Such risks are heightened for any Notes that: 
(i) are especially sensitive to interest rate risks, currency risk or other market risks; (ii) have been designed 
for specific investment objectives or strategies; or (iii) have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of certain limited categories of investors, as such types of Notes generally would have a more 
limited secondary market and increased price volatility than conventional debt securities. The relative 
illiquidity of Notes may have a severely adverse effect on such Notes' market value.

--- Page 42 ---
25 
 
Notes may be subject to exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has any control over factors that generally affect exchange rate risks, 
such as economic, financial and political events and the supply and demand for applicable currencies. In 
recent years, exchange rates between certain currencies have been volatile and such exchange rate volatility 
with a variety of currencies may continue in the future. 
The Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay principal and any interest due on any Notes in the 
currency specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Specified Currency"). If an investor's financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than 
the Specified Currency, it may therefore bear certain exchange rate risks. These include: (i) the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency); and (ii) the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls which could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. 
Any appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease: 
(i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes; (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes; and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate as well as the availability of a specified foreign currency 
at the time of any payment of principal or interest on a Note. As a result, investors may receive less interest 
or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. Even if there are no actual exchange controls, it is 
possible that the Specified Currency for any particular Note would not be available at such Note's maturity. 
The Notes are subject to modification by a majority of Noteholders without the consent of all Noteholders 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote upon 
matters affecting their interests. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders (including 
Noteholders who did not attend or vote at the relevant meeting as well as Noteholders who did attend the 
relevant meeting, but voted in a manner contrary to the majority). Accordingly, there is a risk that the 
Conditions of the Notes may be modified, waived or amended in circumstances where a Noteholder does not 
agree to such modification, waiver or amendment, which may adversely impact the rights of such Noteholder. 
Taxation risks on payments 
Payments made by the Issuer and the Guarantor in respect of the Notes and the Guarantee, respectively, could 
become subject to taxation. Condition 9 (Taxation) requires the Issuer or Guarantor to pay additional amounts 
in certain circumstances in the event that any withholding, deduction or retention for, or on account of, any 
present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature is imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or 
on behalf of the UAE (including the DIFC) and/or Kuwait or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax in respect of payments under the Notes or the Guarantee, as the case may be, 
such that net amounts received by the holders of the Notes after such withholding, deduction or retention 
shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in 
respect of the Notes in the absence of such withholding, deduction or retention. 
The circumstances described above may entitle the Issuer to redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes or 
vary their terms. See "Terms and Conditions – Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax reasons". 
The application and enforcement of the Kuwaiti income tax regime is uncertain, and holders of the Notes 
which are "non-GCC corporate entities" may become subject to the Kuwaiti income tax regime in certain 
limited circumstances 
Article 150 (bis) of Law No. 7 of 2010 Concerning the Establishment of the Capital Markets Authority and 
the Regulating of Securities Activities, introduced pursuant to Law No. 22 of 2015 ("Article 150 (bis)"), 
provides that, without prejudice to the tax on profits arising from the disposal of securities issued by 
companies listed on the Boursa Kuwait, the returns in respect of securities, bonds, financial sukuk and all 
other similar securities, regardless of the issuer, are exempt from taxes. 
In addition, the Kuwait Ministry of Finance has issued Administrative Resolution No. 2028 of 2015 (the 
"Administrative Resolution"), which essentially endorses the provisions of Article 150 (bis).

--- Page 43 ---
26 
 
However, the Kuwait Ministry of Finance's Department of Income Tax ("DIT") has to date not always 
adopted consistent rulings on Kuwaiti tax matters more generally. Accordingly, to the extent that the 
exemption afforded by Article 150 (bis) is held not to apply to any Notes, or to a particular holder of any 
Notes, such Noteholders which are non-GCC corporate entities may become subject to income tax in Kuwait 
(see "Taxation — Kuwait" for further details). 
In addition, neither Article 150 (bis) nor the Administrative Resolution addressed the issue of whether or not 
there remains an obligation (as described under "Taxation — Kuwait") to deduct five per cent. of the amount 
of any payments made by the Guarantor to the Issuer or directly to Noteholders. Accordingly, there is a 
possibility that the deduction of the five per cent. obligation may be applied in certain circumstances, pending 
resolution of their tax position. The deducted five per cent. would be released by the Guarantor upon 
presentation to it by the Issuer (or, where applicable, by the Noteholders) of a tax clearance certificate from 
the DIT. In any event, any deducted amounts would be required to be grossed up by the Guarantor pursuant 
to the provisions of the Conditions (see Condition 9 (Taxation)) and accordingly, in practice, a Noteholder 
would not need to present such a tax clearance certificate. 
To date there has been no official statement made publicly by the DIT regarding its interpretation of Article 
150 (bis) or the Administrative Resolution and/or their application. Similarly, the Kuwaiti courts (who will 
be the final arbiters on the matter) have not been required to interpret such provision to date. Therefore, it is 
not possible to state definitively how the DIT and/or the Kuwaiti courts may implement or enforce the 
Taxation Laws (as defined in "Taxation — Kuwait") including Article 150 (bis) in practice. 
Prospective purchasers of any Notes are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under 
Kuwaiti and other applicable tax laws of acquiring, holding and disposing of such Notes and receiving 
payments under such Notes. 
See "Taxation — Kuwait" for further details. 
Value Added Tax 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Kuwait does not impose value-added tax ("VAT") on the sale of goods 
and services. However, investors should be aware that the GCC states, including Kuwait, have agreed to the 
implementation of a GCC-wide VAT framework (the "VAT Framework"), to be introduced at a rate of 5 
per cent. The national legislation in Kuwait implementing the VAT Framework has yet to be promulgated 
and no Kuwait-specific details of the regime have been released as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Therefore, although the Kuwait parliament has previously indicated that it will postpone its introduction of 
VAT, it is impossible to state with any accuracy if, and when, VAT will be introduced in Kuwait. Further, 
due to the wide discretion conferred to each GCC member state under the VAT Framework, the terms and 
conditions of the VAT regime, if introduced in Kuwait, are not known as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
If the Guarantor becomes subject to VAT in Kuwait, its profitability may be adversely affected which may 
then impact its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Guarantor or any Notes. Any 
ratings of either the Guarantor or the Notes may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the 
transaction structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value 
of any Notes. There is no assurance that the ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that 
the ratings will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely if circumstances in the future so warrant. Nevertheless, 
real or anticipated changes in the Guarantor's credit ratings or the ratings of the Notes generally will affect 
the market value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be revised or withdrawn by its assigning rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction 
will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the 
relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country 
rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that

--- Page 44 ---
27 
 
apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on 
its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant 
rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken 
against a relevant rating agency and publication of an updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (i) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (ii) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to: (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended; and 
(b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain 
limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of 
existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which 
may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with 
respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus and, for each 
issuance of Notes, will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
The use of proceeds of the Notes of any Series identified as Sustainable Notes in the applicable Final 
Terms may not meet investor expectations or requirements or be suitable for an investor's investment 
criteria 
The Guarantor has stated that it intends to use an amount at least equal to the net proceeds from the issue of 
the Notes of each Series identified as Sustainable Notes in the applicable Final Terms (the "equivalent 
amount") in achieving objectives set out in the Sustainable Financing Framework (as defined in "Use of 
Proceeds" below). See "Use of Proceeds". 
The Guarantor will exercise its judgement and sole discretion in determining the businesses and projects that 
will be financed by the equivalent amount. If the use of the proceeds of Sustainable Notes is a factor in any 
potential investor's decision to invest in Sustainable Notes, that investor should carefully consider the 
disclosure in "Use of Proceeds" and consult with its legal or other advisers before making an investment in 
Sustainable Notes. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers, the Agents 
or any other person that the use of the equivalent amount for any Eligible Sustainable Assets will satisfy, 
whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply. In 
addition, the Sustainable Financing Framework is subject to change at any time without notice. 
Furthermore, notwithstanding the Guarantor's intention stated above, potential investors should be aware that 
the Guarantor has no contractual obligation to use the equivalent amount as stated in, or to provide the reports 
described in, "Use of Proceeds". Any failure by the Guarantor to use the equivalent amount as stated or to 
provide the reports will not constitute an Event of Default under Condition 11 (Events of Default) with respect 
to the Sustainable Notes but may affect the value and/or the trading price of the Sustainable Notes and/or 
have adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green" or an equivalently labelled project or 
as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green" or such other 
equivalent label and no assurance can be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over 
time or that any prevailing market consensus will not change significantly. 
The EU's regulation on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU 
Taxonomy"), which is subject to a phased implementation, may provide some definition for such topics in 
the European Union. However, the full scope and applicability of the EU Taxonomy, as well as exactly when 
it will take effect, remains uncertain. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given (whether by the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Dealers, the Agents or any other person) to investors that:  (a) any projects or uses the 
subject of, or related to, any Eligible Sustainable Assets will meet any or all investor expectations regarding

--- Page 45 ---
28 
 
such "green" or other equivalently labelled performance objectives; (b) any adverse environmental, social 
and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related 
to, any Eligible Sustainable Assets; or (c) the Sustainable Financing Framework will be aligned with the EU 
Taxonomy or any other sustainability framework or guidelines. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Guarantor) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of the Sustainable Notes and in particular with any of the businesses 
and projects funded with the equivalent amount to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other 
criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, 
incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should 
it be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers, the Agents or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold Sustainable Notes. Any such opinion or certification is only current as at the date 
that opinion or certification was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of 
such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in Sustainable Notes. The providers of such 
opinions and certifications are not currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
If Sustainable Notes are at any time listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or 
not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers, the Agents 
or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own bylaws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with 
regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the 
subject of or related to, any of the businesses and projects funded with the proceeds from any Sustainable 
Notes. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary 
from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or 
made by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers, the Agents or any other person that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any Sustainable Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing 
or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Sustainable Notes concerned. 
While it is the Guarantor's intention to apply the equivalent amount and obtain and publish the relevant reports 
and opinions in, or substantially in, the manner described in "Use of Proceeds", there can be no assurance 
(whether by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers, the Agents or any other person) that the Guarantor will be 
able to do this. Nor can there be any assurance that any Eligible Sustainable Assets will be completed within 
any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event as described in the last sentence of the preceding paragraph or failure by the Guarantor to 
apply the equivalent amount for any Eligible Sustainable Assets or to obtain and publish any such reports 
and opinions, will not give rise to any claim in contract of a holder of Sustainable Notes against the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, any Dealer, the Agents or any other person. The withdrawal of any such report or opinion, or 
any report, assessment, opinion or certification attesting that the Guarantor is not complying in whole or in 
part with any matters for which that report, assessment, opinion or certification is reporting, assessing, 
opining or certifying, and/or any Sustainable Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock 
exchange or securities market, as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Sustainable 
Notes concerned and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest 
in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
The net proceeds of the issue of any Sustainable Notes which, from time to time, are not allocated as funding 
for Eligible Sustainable Assets are intended by the Guarantor to be invested in green bond funds or otherwise 
in cash, cash equivalents and/or marketable securities, in accordance with the Group's cash management 
policies and excluding investments covered by the exclusions referenced in "Use of Proceeds" below. While 
the Guarantor intends to place the net proceeds of the issue of any Sustainable Notes in a segregated account, 
there can be no assurance that the Sustainable Notes or any proceeds therefrom will not be used to absorb 
any and all losses of the Guarantor, regardless of whether or not such losses stem from green, sustainable or 
other assets, in the same way as the Guarantor's other instruments not classified as Sustainable Notes which 
may be called upon to cover all losses on the balance sheet.

--- Page 46 ---
29 
 
Risks related to enforcement under Kuwaiti law 
The insolvency regime in Kuwait is relatively untested with limited guidance as to how the legislative 
framework will be applied in practice by the courts in Kuwait 
Notwithstanding that the provisions of the Guarantee relating to the ranking of the Guarantor's payment 
obligations are expressed to be governed by English law, in the event of the Guarantor's insolvency, the 
Kuwaiti insolvency law implemented through Law No. 71 of 2020 (the "Insolvency Law") shall apply. It is 
to be noted that the previous Kuwait bankruptcy regime has recently been replaced by the Insolvency Law 
which has recently come into full force and effect on 25 July 2021. The Kuwait bankruptcy regime may, in 
the event of the Guarantor's insolvency, adversely affect the Guarantor's ability to perform its obligations 
under the Guarantee, and obtaining a final bankruptcy judgment in Kuwait may take several years. There is 
little precedent to predict how any claims by Noteholders against the Guarantor would be resolved in the 
event of the Guarantor's insolvency and therefore there can be no assurance that Noteholders will receive 
payment of their claims in full or at all in these circumstances. 
Enforceability of the Guarantor's obligations under the Guarantee 
Under Kuwaiti law, the obligations of a guarantor are incidental to the obligations of the principal debtor, 
and the obligations of the guarantor will only be valid to the extent of the continuing obligations of the 
principal debtor. In addition, in order to enforce a guarantee under Kuwaiti law, the underlying debt 
obligation for which such guarantee has been granted may need to be proved before the Kuwaiti courts. 
Accordingly, if Kuwaiti law is applied to the Guarantee, the obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee 
will be treated as incidental obligations and dependent on the validity and the enforceability of the Issuer's 
obligations under any Notes and the Issuer's obligations under any Notes may, therefore, need to be proved 
before the courts of Kuwait in order for the obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee to be 
enforceable. 
There is a risk that the Kuwaiti courts will assume jurisdiction 
The Notes, the Deed of Covenant, the Guarantee and the Agency Agreement (each as defined under "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes") each contain a provision to the effect that disputes arising thereunder will be 
referred to arbitration under the LCIA Rules. 
Nevertheless, if a claim is brought before the Kuwaiti courts, the Kuwaiti courts may still accept jurisdiction 
in any suit, action or proceedings in the situations identified in Articles 23, 24 and 26 of Kuwait Law No. 38 
of 1980 (the Code of Civil and Commercial Procedure), as amended (the "Code"). These situations include: 
(a) where the defendant in the proceedings expressly or impliedly accepted the jurisdiction of the Kuwaiti 
courts; (b) where the defendant is a Kuwaiti national or is resident, domiciled or has a place of business or a 
chosen domicile in Kuwait; or (c) if such legal proceedings relate to property (movable or immovable) located 
in Kuwait, an obligation is created, executed or required to be performed in Kuwait or a bankruptcy is 
declared in Kuwait. 
There can therefore be no assurance that the Kuwaiti courts will decline jurisdiction to adjudicate any dispute 
under the Notes, the Guarantee and the Agency Agreement, notwithstanding that the Notes, the Guarantee 
and the Agency Agreement provide that the parties have agreed that any disputes arising thereunder shall be 
referred to arbitration. The risk that the Kuwaiti courts would assume jurisdiction on the proceedings is 
reduced, but not eliminated, in the event that: (a) the respondent to a claim raises procedural defences as 
regards the jurisdiction; and (b) the existence of previous or simultaneous proceedings in, or res judicata 
judgments from, a competent jurisdiction outside Kuwait, on the subject matter and involving the same 
disputing parties. In addition to the foregoing, Article 173 of the Code provides that the Kuwaiti courts have 
no jurisdiction to hear disputes which have been validly agreed to be referred to arbitration, provided that 
the party raising the existence of an arbitration provision does so before taking any substantive steps in the 
proceedings, or any other act or omission which would be considered a waiver of the right to seek arbitration. 
The Kuwaiti courts will not recognise or give effect to the choice of the laws of England to govern the Notes, 
the Guarantee and the Agency Agreement, nor enforce a foreign judgment or foreign arbitral award to the 
extent that any of such laws, judgments or arbitral awards are found by the Kuwaiti courts to be contrary to 
rules of public order or morality of Kuwait.

--- Page 47 ---
30 
 
Noteholders will only be able to enforce their contractual rights under the Notes, the Guarantee and the 
Agency Agreement through arbitration under the LCIA Rules and LCIA awards relating to disputes 
arising under the Notes may not be enforceable in Kuwait 
The Notes, the Deed of Covenant, the Guarantee and the Agency Agreement provide that disputes arising 
thereunder will be referred to arbitration under the LCIA Rules. Noteholders will therefore only have recourse 
to LCIA arbitration in order to enforce their contractual rights under any Notes, and will not have the right 
to bring proceedings relating to any Notes before the English courts. 
Kuwait is a party to the 1958 New York Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral 
Awards (the "New York Convention"). A foreign arbitral award will be recognised and enforced in Kuwait 
(without re-trial or examination of the merits of the case) in accordance with the Code. Article 200 of the 
Code provides that foreign arbitral awards are to be recognised and enforced under the same conditions 
(applied mutatis mutandis to foreign arbitral awards) as are applied in respect of the enforcement of foreign 
judgments under Article 199 of the Code (as detailed below) save that, in addition, the subject matter of the 
award must be considered arbitrable under Kuwaiti law and the arbitral award must be enforceable in the 
jurisdiction in which it was rendered. 
Article 199 of the Code requires that: (a) the courts of the jurisdiction by which the judgment was rendered 
must afford reciprocal treatment to judgments rendered in Kuwait; (b) the judgment must be rendered by a 
competent authority according to the law of the jurisdiction in which it was rendered; (c) the parties must 
have been duly summoned to appear and were duly represented at the proceedings; (d) the judgment must be 
final and non-appealable (res judicata) according to the law of the jurisdiction in which it was rendered; (e) 
the judgment must not contradict any prior judgment rendered by a Kuwaiti court; and, finally (f) the 
judgment must not contain anything in conflict with the general morals or public order of Kuwait. 
The requirement to establish reciprocal enforcement under Article 199 of the Code with respect to the 
recognition and enforcement of arbitral awards issued in England is satisfied as England and Kuwait are both 
signatories to the New York Convention. Enforcement of a foreign arbitral award in Kuwait requires the 
filing of an enforcement action in the Kuwaiti courts. Proceedings before the Kuwaiti courts, including 
enforcement actions, can take a relatively long time before a final and non-appealable judgment is issued. 
There have not been many occasions in which the Kuwaiti courts have been asked to consider the enforcement 
of foreign arbitral awards and so (notwithstanding that on those occasions when they have been asked to do 
so they have shown that they will follow the provisions of the Code and enforce an arbitral award) there is 
not a large body of decided cases in which the practical implications of complying with Article 199 of the 
Code have been analysed.

--- Page 48 ---
31 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus. Any decision to invest in any Notes 
should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole, including the documents incorporated 
by reference herein, by any investor. This overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and 
is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and 
conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer ...........................................  
NBK SPC Limited (LEI: 549300P1ANDK86KWB419) 
Guarantor ...................................  
National 
Bank 
of 
Kuwait 
S.A.K.P. 
(LEI: 
549300NB7FE83IH6BW96) 
Description ..................................  
U.S.$5,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme. 
Arrangers ....................................  
Citigroup Global Markets Limited, J.P. Morgan Securities plc and 
Watani Investment Company K.S.C.C. (known as "NBK Capital"). 
Dealers .........................................  
Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Emirates NBD Bank P.J.S.C., 
First Abu Dhabi Bank P.J.S.C., Goldman Sachs International, HSBC 
Bank plc, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, NBK Capital and Standard 
Chartered Bank. 
 
 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may from time to time terminate the 
appointment of any dealer under the Programme or appoint 
additional dealers either in respect of one or more Tranches or in 
respect of the whole Programme. 
Certain restrictions ....................  
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and Sale 
and Transfer and Selling Restrictions") including the following 
restrictions applicable as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of 
the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the purposes 
of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 unless they are issued 
to a limited class of professional investors and have a denomination 
of at least £100,000 or its equivalent (see "Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions"). 
Fiscal Agent, Transfer Agent 
and Exchange Agent ..................  
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Registrar .....................................  
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Programme Size .........................  
Up to U.S.$5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at 
any time. The Issuer and the Guarantor may increase the amount of

--- Page 49 ---
32 
 
the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution .................................  
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies ...................................  
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any 
currency agreed between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Maturities ....................................  
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Issue Price ...................................  
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or a partly-paid basis and at an 
issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes .............................  
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as described in 
"Form of the Notes". Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for 
Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes .........................  
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes ....................  
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives 
Association, 
Inc. 
("ISDA"), 
and 
as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or the latest version 
of ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, 
including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any 
successor thereto), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each as published by ISDA (or any successor) on its 
website (http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the 
first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series; or 
 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the relevant Reference Rate as adjusted for 
any applicable margin; or 
 
(c) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer for each 
Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
If a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date occurs in relation to the 
relevant Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component thereof) remains to be determined by such Reference 
Rate, then the provisions set out in Condition 6.2(h) (Interest on

--- Page 50 ---
33 
 
Floating Rate Notes – Benchmark Replacement) shall apply as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes ....................  
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer. 
Interest Period and Interest 
Rates ............................................  
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time 
or be constant for any Series. 
 
Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or 
both. All such information will be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes ....................  
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption .................................  
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
in specified instalments, if applicable, or for taxation reasons or 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable 
at the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice 
to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates 
specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to such stated maturity, 
and at a price or prices specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
on such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that Notes may be 
redeemable in two or more instalments of such amounts and on such 
dates as are indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year are subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
restrictions" above. 
Denomination of Notes ...............  
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer(s) save that 
the minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as may 
be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency, see "Certain restrictions" above, and 
save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public 
either in a Member State of the EEA or in the UK in circumstances 
which would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under 
either the EU Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus 
Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
 
The minimum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$200,000 (or the 
approximate equivalent thereof in any other currency). 
Taxation ......................................  
All payments in respect of the Notes and under the Guarantee will be 
made without deduction or retention for or on account of withholding 
taxes imposed by any Relevant Tax Jurisdiction as provided in

--- Page 51 ---
34 
 
Condition 9 (Taxation) unless such withholding, retention or 
deduction is required by law. 
 
In the event that any such deduction or retention is made, the Issuer 
and the Guarantor will, save in certain limited circumstances 
provided in Condition 9 (Taxation), be required to pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge ..........................  
The terms of the Senior Notes will contain a negative pledge 
provision as further described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross-Default ..............................  
The terms of the Senior Notes will contain a cross-default provision 
as further described in Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
Status of the Senior Notes ..........  
The 
Senior 
Notes 
will 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 5 
(Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank 
pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer 
from time to time outstanding. 
Status of the Guarantee in 
respect of the Senior Notes ........  
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee in respect of 
Senior Notes will be direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and will rank pari passu and 
(save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally 
with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated 
obligations, if any) of the Guarantor from time to time outstanding. 
Status and Subordination of the 
Subordinated Notes ....................  
The Subordinated Notes will constitute direct, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and 
without any preference among themselves. The rights and claims of 
the Noteholders against the Issuer in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes will be subordinated as described in Condition 4.3 (Status – 
Status of the Subordinated Notes). 
Status of the Guarantee in 
respect of the Subordinated 
Notes ............................................  
The Guarantee in respect of the Subordinated Notes will be direct, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Guarantor. The rights 
and claims of the Noteholders against the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee in respect of the Subordinated Notes will be subordinated 
as described in Condition 4.4 (Status – Status of the Deed of 
Guarantee in respect of the Subordinated Notes). 
Rating ..........................................  
The Guarantor has been assigned a long term rating of A and a short 
term rating of A-1 from S&P; a long term rating of A1 and a short 
term rating of P-1 by Moody's; and a long term rating of A+ and a 
short term rating of F1 by Fitch. 
 
The Programme is expected to be assigned a rating of A1 by Moody's 
and A+ by Fitch. 
 
 
Each Series of Notes may be unrated or rated by all or one or two 
only of the credit rating agencies. Where a Series of Notes is rated, 
such rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 52 ---
35 
 
Approval, Listing and 
Admission to trading ..................  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be 
admitted to the Official List and to trading on its Regulated Market. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Clearing Systems ........................  
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC or, in 
relation to any Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system. 
Governing Law ...........................  
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. 
Selling Restrictions .....................  
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Japan, the United 
Arab Emirates (excluding the DIFC), the DIFC, the Kingdom of 
Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the State of Qatar (including the Qatar 
Financial Centre), Singapore, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Kuwait, 
Switzerland and Canada and such other restrictions as may be 
required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche of Notes (see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions"). 
United States Selling 
Restrictions .................................  
Regulation S, Category 2. Rule 144A and TEFRA C/TEFRA 
D/TEFRA not applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
See "Certain ERISA Considerations" for ERISA-related restrictions.

--- Page 53 ---
36 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published, and have been filed with the CBI, shall be 
incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
• 
the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial information of the Group as at and for the 
six month period ended 30 June 2022, together with the review report thereon and the notes thereto 
(available 
at: 
https://www.nbk.com/dam/jcr:9b90a077-fa2a-414b-85a3-
b419bedd869a/NBK%20FS%2030%20June%202022%20-%20English.pdf); 
• 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2021, together with the audit report thereon and the notes thereto (available at:  
https://www.nbk.com/dam/jcr:9f207a17-7f65-4ba5-b124-15934c9f2523/NBK-Financials-2021-
E.pdf); 
• 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2020, with the together with the audit report thereon and the notes thereto (available at: 
https://www.nbk.com/dam/jcr:7e09409a-4051-4180-96bd-
1c0294e56d6b/NBK%20FS%2031%20Dec%202020%20-%20English.pdf); 
• 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 49 to 92 (inclusive) in the base prospectus 
dated 
3 
September 
2021, 
an 
electronic 
copy 
of 
which 
is 
available 
at 
https://www.nbk.com/dam/jcr:d12d024b-3999-42d3-a95b-
ad2d03863f52/NBK%20SPC%20Limited%20-%20Base%20Prospectus-2021.pdf. 
• 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained on pages 41 to 72 (inclusive) in the base prospectus 
dated 
11 
May 
2017, 
an 
electronic 
copy 
of 
which 
is 
available 
at 
https://www.nbk.com/dam/jcr:a627ee3d-4703-46c5-9b50-
955598c7a5bd/NBK%20SPC%20Limited%20-%20GMTN%20Issuance%20Programme%20Prosp
ectus.pdf. 
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the 
registered office of the Guarantor and from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent for the time being in 
London. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus pursuant to the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate amendment or supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or a further base prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be 
listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market, shall constitute a supplemental 
base prospectus as required by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement 
(or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base 
Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor 
or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 54 ---
37 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or registered 
form, without interest coupons attached. Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S and Registered Notes will be issued both outside the United States in reliance on the exemption 
from registration provided by Regulation S and within the United States in reliance on Rule 144A or 
otherwise in private transactions that are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global note (a "Temporary 
Global Note") or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a "Permanent 
Global Note") and, together with a Temporary Global Note, the "Global Notes" which, in either case, will 
be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common 
Depositary") for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a 
Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of 
the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made against presentation of the 
Temporary Global Note only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the 
beneficial owners of interests in such Bearer Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased such 
Bearer Note for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, 
has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Fiscal Agent. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described 
therein either for: (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series; or (b) for definitive Bearer 
Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as 
described above unless such certification has already been given provided that purchasers in the United 
States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes. The holder of a Temporary 
Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after 
the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in 
a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of 
the Permanent Global Note without any requirement for certification. 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive 
Bearer Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached only upon the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that: (i) an Event of Default (as defined 
in Condition 11 (Events of Default)) has occurred and is continuing; or (ii) the Issuer has been notified that 
both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 
days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to 
cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available. The Issuer will promptly 
give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Fiscal Agent 
requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the 
first relevant notice by the Fiscal Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes which have an original maturity of more than 1 year 
and on all receipts and interest coupons relating to such Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE 
OF 1986, AS AMENDED."

--- Page 55 ---
38 
 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment 
of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes, receipts or 
interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold to 
non-U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a global note certificate in 
registered form (an "Unrestricted Global Certificate"). Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period 
(as defined in Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in an Unrestricted 
Global Certificate may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person and may not 
be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and such Unrestricted Global 
Certificate will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche may also be offered and sold in private transactions to persons who 
are QIBs. The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented by one or more global note 
certificates in registered form (a "Restricted Global Certificate" and, together with an Unrestricted Global 
Certificate, the "Global Certificates"). 
Global Certificates will either: (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of, DTC; or (ii) be deposited with a common depositary for, and registered in the name of a common nominee 
of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Persons holding 
beneficial interests in Global Certificates will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the 
circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Global Certificates will, in the absence 
of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 7.4 
(Payments – Payments in respect of Registered Notes)) as the registered holder of the Global Certificates. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership 
interests in the Global Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 7.4 (Payments – Payments in respect of Registered Notes)) immediately 
preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Global Certificate will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive 
Registered Notes without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that: (i) an Event of Default has occurred 
and is continuing; (ii) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either DTC has 
notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depository for the Notes and no alternative 
clearing system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing agency registered under the Exchange 
Act; or (iii) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory 
or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in 
any such case, no successor clearing system is available. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event, DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder 
of an interest in such Global Certificate) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such 
exchange shall occur no later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Transfer of Interests in Global Certificates 
Interests in a Global Certificate may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be transferred to 
a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Global Certificate. No beneficial owner of an interest in

--- Page 56 ---
39 
 
a Global Certificate will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures 
of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable. Registered Notes 
are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such 
restrictions, see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Fiscal Agent 
shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with 
an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN 
and, where applicable, a CUSIP and CINS number which are different from the common code, ISIN, CUSIP 
and CINS assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until at least the expiry of the distribution 
compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC shall, whenever the context 
so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 11 (Events 
of Default). In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate 
and the Global Note or Global Certificate (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in 
accordance with the provisions of the Global Note or Global Certificate then the Global Note or Global 
Certificate will become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day. At the same time, holders of interests 
in such Global Note or Global Certificate credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or, 
failing which, the Guarantor on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and DTC on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (a "Deed of Covenant") dated 5 
September 2022 and made by the Issuer and a deed of guarantee (a "Deed of Guarantee") dated 5 September 
2022 and made by the Guarantor. In addition, holders of interests in such Global Certificate credited to their 
accounts with DTC may require DTC to deliver definitive Notes in registered form in exchange for their 
interest in such Global Certificate in accordance with DTC's standard operating procedures.

--- Page 57 ---
40 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "EU MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[EU MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the]/[each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended)]/[EU MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the]/[each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the [United Kingdom]/[UK] Financial Conduct Authority 
("FCA") Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018]/[EUWA] ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[SINGAPORE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – Solely for the 
purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"), the Issuer 
has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the 
Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"/capital markets products other than "prescribed capital 
markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018)

--- Page 58 ---
41 
 
and ["Excluded Investment Products"]/["Specified Investment Products"] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations 
on Investment Products).] 
Final Terms dated [•] 
NBK SPC LIMITED 
(Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI"):  549300P1ANDK86KWB419) 
Issue of [•] [•] Notes due [•] 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
NATIONAL BANK OF KUWAIT S.A.K.P. 
(LEI: 549300NB7FE83IH6BW96) 
under the U.S.$5,000,000,000 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
base prospectus dated 5 September 2022 [and the supplemental prospectus dated [•]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). [This document constitutes the applicable Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus]1. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these applicable Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base 
Prospectus 
is 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
base prospectus dated [11 May 2017] / [3 September 2021] [and the supplemental prospectus dated [•]] which 
are incorporated by reference into the base prospectus dated 5 September 2022. [This document constitutes 
the applicable Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 
[•] 2022 [and the supplemental prospectus dated [•]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation] (the "Base Prospectus"), save in respect of the Conditions. The 
Base 
Prospectus 
is 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).] 
1. 
(a) 
Issuer: 
NBK SPC Limited 
 
(b) 
Guarantor: 
National Bank of Kuwait S.A.K.P. 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
Notes 
shall 
be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the 
existing tranche(s) of the Series on [the Issue 
Date]/[•]] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes admitted 
to trading: 
[•] 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
1 
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus 
is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 59 ---
42 
 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [•]] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations (in the case 
of Registered Notes this means the 
minimum integral amount in which 
transfers can be made): 
[•] [and integral multiples of [•] in excess 
thereof] 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[•]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[•] [+/-] [•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par]/[Partly Paid]/[Instalment] 
11. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior]/[Subordinated] 
 
(b) 
Status of the Guarantee: 
[Senior]/[Subordinated] 
14. 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
and Guarantee obtained: 
[•] and [•], respectively 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually]/[semi-annually]/[quarterly] 
in 
arrear] 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [,[•],[•]][and [•]] in each year [from (and 
including) 
[•]] 
to 
[(and 
including)/(but 
excluding)] [•]/[the Maturity Date] 
 
(c) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[Issue Date]/[•] 
 
(d) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in]/[on] [•]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
 
(g) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[•] in each year]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 60 ---
43 
 
 
(h) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention]/[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Specified Period(s): 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Interest Period Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(d) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention]/[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
is 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(g) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Fiscal Agent): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[[•] 
month 
[EIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[HIBOR]/[KIBOR]/[K
LIBOR]/[SAIBOR]/[SIBOR]/[TIBOR]/[TRLI
BOR/TRYLIBOR]]/[[•] [•] SOFR] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•]/[The date falling [•] Business Days prior to 
the first day of each Interest Period]/[First day 
of each Interest Period]/[The [•][first, second, 
third etc.] Business Day immediately preceding 
the Interest Period Date for each Interest Period 
(or immediately preceding such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes are due and 
payable).][provide details]/[The Interest Period 
Date at the end of each Interest Period; 
provided that the Interest Determination Date 
with respect to the last Interest Period prior to 
the Maturity Date or the date fixed for 
redemption will be the Rate Cut-off Date - 
Include this wording for Payment Delay only] 
 
 
(iii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Relevant Time: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 61 ---
44 
 
 
(vi) 
Calculation Method:  
[Weighted 
Average]/[Compounded 
Daily]/[SOFR Index]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vii) 
Observation Method:  
[Lag]/[Lock-out]/[Observation 
Shift]/[Payment Delay]/[SOFR Index]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(viii) 
Observation Look-Back Period:  [•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Effective 
Interest 
Payment 
Date:  
[The date falling [•] Business Days following 
each Interest Period Date, provided that the 
Effective Interest Payment Date with respect to 
the last Applicable Period will be the Maturity 
Date or, if the Notes are redeemed before the 
Maturity Date, the date fixed for redemption - 
used for Payment Delay only]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(x) 
Rate Cut-off Date:  
[The date falling [•] Business Days prior to the 
Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, 
as applicable – used for Payment Delay 
only]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xi) 
D:  
[365/360/[•]] 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
 
(ii) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Designated Maturity: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(Delegated Maturity will not be relevant where 
the Floating Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
 
 
(iv) 
Reset Date: 
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period, subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in [(d)] above and as 
specified in the ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
(v) 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
 
Lookback: [•] Applicable/ Business Days] 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•] / [Not Applicable]]

--- Page 62 ---
45 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days] 
 
 
(vii) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(viii) 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days] 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business days 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Averaging with Lockout 
 
Lookout: [•] Lockout Period Business 
Days 
 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days 
 
 
(ix) 
Index Provisions: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(x) 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business days 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(j) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long]/[short] [first]/[last] 
Interest Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation] 
 
(k) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [•] per cent. per annum 
 
(l) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(m) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(n) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/365 (Sterling)]/[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] 
 
 
[360/360] 
 
 
[Bond Basis] [30E/360]

--- Page 63 ---
46 
 
 
 
[Eurobond Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(o) 
Benchmark Replacement Fall Back:  
[Condition 6.2(h)(i) (Independent Adviser) is 
applicable]/[Condition 6.2(h)(ii) (ARRC) is 
applicable] 
 
 
 
 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption 
Amounts 
and 
late 
payment: 
[Conditions 
8.5(c) 
(Early 
Redemption 
Amounts) and 8.10 (Late Payment on Zero 
Coupon Notes) apply] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
19. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
[•] 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for 
definitive 
Notes 
in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note]

--- Page 64 ---
47 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Temporary Global Note] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]] 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Unrestricted Global Certificate registered in 
the name of a nominee for [DTC]/[a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]] 
 
 
[Restricted Global Certificate registered in the 
name of a nominee for [DTC]/[a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]] 
 
 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA 
C]/[TEFRA D]/[TEFRA not applicable]] 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to Payment Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes]/[No] 
25. 
Partly Paid Notes: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
26. 
ERISA: 
[ERISA eligible]/[Not ERISA eligible]

--- Page 65 ---
48 
 
Signed on behalf of NBK SPC Limited: 
 
By: ...........................................................................  
 
Duly authorised 
 
 
Signed on behalf of National Bank of Kuwait S.A.K.P.: 
 
By: ...........................................................................  
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 66 ---
49 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
 
 
(a) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been]/[is expected to be] 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be admitted to the official list of the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") and to trading on 
Euronext Dublin's regulated market with effect 
from [•]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes [have been]/[are expected to be] 
rated:] 
[Fitch: [•]] 
 
 
[Moody's: [•]] 
 
 
[S&P: [•]] 
 
 
[Unrated] 
 
 
[[•] 
is 
established 
in 
the 
[European 
Union]/[EU] and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation"). As such, [•] is included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(as 
of 
[•]) 
on 
its 
website 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credi
t-rating-agencies/risk. The rating [•] has given 
to the Notes is endorsed by [•], which is 
established in the [United Kingdom]/[UK] and 
registered 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018]/[EUWA] 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").] 
[[•] 
is 
established 
in 
the 
[United 
Kingdom]/[UK] 
and 
registered 
under 
[Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the [European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]/[EUWA] (the 
"UK CRA Regulation")]/the UK CRA 
Regulation]. The rating [•] has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by [•], which is established 
in the [European Union]/[EU] and registered 
under [Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation")]/[the 
EU CRA Regulation].]]

--- Page 67 ---
50 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers]/[Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers]/[Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or their affiliates in the ordinary course of business for which they may receive fees.] 
4. 
SUSTAINABLE NOTES, REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET 
PROCEEDS 
 
(a) 
Sustainable Notes: 
[Yes]/[No]  
(b) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See 
"Use 
of 
Proceeds" 
in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus]/[•] 
(c) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes Only) 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
(c) 
FISN: 
[•]/[As set out on the website of the Association 
of 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
CFI Code: 
[•]/[As set out on the website of the Association 
of 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
CUSIP: 
[•] 
 
(f) 
CINS: 
[•] 
 
(g) 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator legal name]. As at the date 
hereof, 
[administrator 
legal 
name] 
[appears]/[does not appear] on the European 
Securities and Markets Authority's register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
under 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the 
"EU Benchmarks Regulation").] 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date 
hereof, [administrator legal name] does not fall 
within the scope of 
[Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation")]/[the 
EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation].] 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of [Regulation (EU)

--- Page 68 ---
51 
 
2016/1011, as amended (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation")]/[the 
EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation] apply, such that [administrator 
legal name] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside 
the 
[European 
Union]/[EU], 
recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
DTC, Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against]/[free of] payment 
 
(j) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(k) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
7. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[[•] has been extracted from [•]. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [•], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 69 ---
52 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which, subject to completion in accordance with 
the provisions of Part A of the applicable Final Terms (and save for the text in italics) will be incorporated 
by reference into each Global Note or Global Certificate (each as defined below) and each definitive Note, 
in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and 
agreed by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and 
agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The 
applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each 
Global Note or Global Certificate and definitive Note. Reference should be made to "Form of the Notes" for 
a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to 
the relevant Notes. 
1. 
Introduction 
NBK SPC Limited (the "Issuer") has established a Global Medium Term Note Programme (the 
"Programme") for the issuance of up to U.S.$5,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes 
(the "Notes") outstanding. 
Notes issued under the Programme will be issued in series (each, a "Series") having one or more 
issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment 
of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of 
that Series. Each Series may comprise one or more tranches of notes (each, a "Tranche") issued on 
the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will, save in respect of 
the denominations, issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the 
Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set forth in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Final Terms"), which should be read in conjunction with these terms 
and conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Note are these 
terms and conditions, as completed by the applicable Final Terms (together, the "Conditions"). In 
the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Final Terms shall prevail. The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or 
in registered form ("Registered Notes"), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of, 
and the Registered Notes are constituted by, a deed of covenant (the "Deed of Covenant") dated 5 
September 2022 and made by the Issuer and are the subject of a fiscal agency agreement (as amended 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") dated 5 
September 2022 and made between the Issuer for the benefit of holders of the Notes ("Noteholders" 
or "holders"), the National Bank of Kuwait S.A.K.P. as guarantor (the "Guarantor"), Citibank N.A., 
London Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression shall include any successor 
fiscal agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying 
Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), as an exchange 
agent (the "Exchange Agent", which expression shall include any successor exchange agent) and as 
a transfer agent (the "Transfer Agent", which expression shall include any additional or successor 
transfer agents) and Citibank N.A., London Branch as the registrar (the "Registrar", which 
expression shall include any successor registrar). The payment of all amounts in respect of the Notes 
has been guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to a deed of guarantee (the "Deed of Guarantee") 
dated 5 September 2022 and executed by the Guarantor. 
All subsequent references in these Terms and Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of the same 
Series. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, if indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference 
herein to Coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to 
Talons. Definitive Bearer Notes repayable in instalments have receipts ("Receipts") for the payment 
of the instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. Registered Notes 
(whether in bearer form or represented by a registered global note certificate (a "Global 
Certificate")) and Bearer Notes represented by a global bearer note (a "Global Note") do not have 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue.

--- Page 70 ---
53 
 
Any reference to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose 
name the Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note or 
Global Certificate, be construed as provided below. 
Any reference herein to "Receiptholders" shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference 
herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee, a deed poll (the "Deed Poll") dated 5 
September 2022 and made by the Issuer and the Guarantor and the Deed of Covenant are available 
for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing at the specified office of each of the 
Paying Agents, the Registrar and Transfer Agent (such Agents and the Registrar being together 
referred to as the "Agents") and copies may be obtained from the registered office of the Issuer, c/o 
Maples Fund Services (Middle East) Limited, Unit C1407, Level 14, Burj Daman, Dubai 
International Financial Centre ("DIFC"), Dubai, 506734, United Arab Emirates. The Noteholders, 
the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the 
benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee, the Deed Poll, the 
Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in 
the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement 
and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in 
the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified 
Denomination(s). Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another 
Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice 
versa. 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Notes may be Instalment Notes, Partly Paid Notes or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Notes will either be unsubordinated in the manner described under Condition 4.1 (Status of the 
Senior Notes) below (a "Senior Note") or subordinated in the manner described under Condition 4.3 
(Status of the Subordinated Notes) below (a "Subordinated Note") depending upon the status 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery and 
title to the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer, the Guarantor and any Agent will (except as otherwise 
required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon and the registered 
holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft 
thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note or Global Certificate, without prejudice 
to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate held on behalf 
of Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg"), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time

--- Page 71 ---
54 
 
being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the 
account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest 
error or proven error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Paying Agents as the 
holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment 
of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the 
relevant Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Global Certificate shall be treated by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes 
in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note or Global Certificate and the 
expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
For so long as the Depository Trust Company ("DTC") or its nominee is the registered owner or 
holder of a Global Certificate, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole 
owner or holder of the Notes represented by such Global Certificate for all purposes under the 
Agency Agreement and the Notes except to the extent that in accordance with DTC's published rules 
and procedures any ownership rights may be exercised by its participants or beneficial owners 
through participants. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
3. 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
3.1 
Transfer 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred, in whole or in part in the Specified Denominations 
set out in the applicable Final Terms and subject to the minimum transfer amounts specified therein, 
upon the surrender (at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the relevant 
Registered Note(s), together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Registered Note(s) (or 
another form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and 
certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any 
other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent (as applicable) may reasonably require, including 
for the purposes of establishing title to the relevant Registered Note, and the identity of the person 
making the request. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of a Registered Note, a new 
Registered Note shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new 
Registered Note in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the 
transferor. All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject to the 
detailed regulations concerning transfers of Registered Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. 
A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar or any Transfer Agent or 
Paying Agent to any Noteholder upon request. 
3.2 
Delivery 
Each new Registered Note to be issued pursuant to Condition 3.1 (Transfer) shall be available for 
delivery within five business days of receipt of the form of transfer and surrender of the Registered 
Note for exchange. Delivery of the new Registered Note(s) shall be made at the specified office of 
the Registrar or Transfer Agent (as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such form of 
transfer of a Registered Note shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such 
delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant form of transfer or otherwise in 
writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Registered Note to 
such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to 
the Registrar or Transfer Agent the costs of such other method of delivery and such insurance as it 
may specify. In this Condition 3.2, "business day" means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday,

--- Page 72 ---
55 
 
on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the Registrar or Transfer 
Agent (as the case may be). 
3.3 
No Charge 
Transfers of Registered Notes shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable), but upon payment of any tax or other governmental 
charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity and security as the 
Registrar or relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
3.4 
Restrictions on Transfer 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered during the period of 15 
days ending on the due date for redemption of, or payment of any Instalment Amount or interest 
amount in respect of, that Registered Note. 
3.5 
Forced Transfer 
As specified in the Agency Agreement, if, at any time, the Issuer determines that any beneficial 
owner of Notes, or any account for which such owner purchased Notes, who is required to be a QIB 
is not a QIB, the Issuer may (a) compel such beneficial owner to sell its Notes to a person who is (i) 
a U.S. person who is a QIB and that is, in each case, otherwise qualified to purchase such Notes in a 
transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act or (ii) not a U.S. person within the 
meaning of Regulation S or (b) compel the beneficial owner to sell such Notes to the Issuer or an 
affiliate thereof at a price equal to the lesser of (x) the purchase price paid by the beneficial owner 
for such Notes, (y) 100% of the principal amount thereof and (z) the fair market value thereof. The 
Issuer has the right to refuse to honour the transfer of interests in a Restricted Global Certificate or 
of a Note in definitive form to a U.S. person who is not a QIB. 
3.6 
Definitions 
In this Condition 3 (Transfers of Registered Notes), the following expressions shall have the 
following meanings: 
"QIB" means a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A; 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
"Restricted Global Certificate" means a Global Certificate representing Registered Notes sold in 
the United States or to persons that are QIBs; 
"Rule 144A" means Rule 144A under the Securities Act; and 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
4. 
Status 
4.1 
Status of the Senior Notes 
The Senior Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by 
law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the 
Issuer, from time to time outstanding. The Issuer shall execute such instruments and do or take any 
such action as may be required by the DIFC to ensure the effectiveness of such ranking following 
any change in any law or regulation relating thereto which becomes effective on or after the date on 
which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes and which requires the Issuer to 
take such action. 
4.2 
Status of the Deed of Guarantee in respect of the Senior Notes 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee in respect of the Senior Notes are 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 5 (Negative

--- Page 73 ---
56 
 
Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by law) rank equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated 
obligations, if any) of the Guarantor, from time to time outstanding. 
4.3 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves. 
In the event of: 
(a) 
an order being made, or an effective resolution being passed, for the winding-up of the Issuer 
or an analogous process under the laws of the DIFC (except, in any such case, a solvent 
winding-up or an analogous process under the laws of the DIFC solely for the purposes of 
a reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation or the substitution in place of the Issuer of 
a successor in business of the Issuer, the terms of which reorganisation, reconstruction, 
amalgamation or substitution: (x) have previously been approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution; and (y) do not provide that the Subordinated Notes shall thereby become 
redeemable or repayable in accordance with these Conditions); or 
(b) 
an administrator of the Issuer (or official with an analogous position under the laws of the 
DIFC) being appointed and such administrator (or official with an analogous position under 
the laws of the DIFC) giving notice that it intends to declare and distribute a dividend, 
the rights and claims of the Noteholders against the Issuer in respect of, or arising under, including 
any damages awarded for breach of any obligations under, the Subordinated Notes (whether on 
account of principal, interest or otherwise) will be subordinated to the claims of all Senior Creditors 
but will rank at least pari passu with the claims of holders of all other subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior to the payment 
obligations under the Subordinated Notes and will rank in priority to all claims of holders of all 
undated or perpetual subordinated obligations of the Issuer and to all claims of holders of all classes 
of share capital of the Issuer. 
In this Condition 4.3, "Senior Creditors" shall mean creditors of the Issuer (including depositors) 
whose claims are admitted to proof in the winding up or administration of the Issuer (or an analogous 
process under the laws of the DIFC) and who are unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer. 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of setoff, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of 
any jurisdiction, in respect of such Note. No collateral is or will be given for the payment obligations 
under the Subordinated Notes and any collateral that may have been or may in the future be given in 
connection with other indebtedness of the Issuer shall not secure the payment obligations under the 
Subordinated Notes. The Issuer shall execute such instruments and do or take any such action as 
may be required by the DIFC to ensure the effectiveness of such ranking following any change in 
any law or regulation relating thereto which becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes and which requires the Issuer to take 
such action. 
4.4 
Status of the Deed of Guarantee in respect of the Subordinated Notes 
The Deed of Guarantee in respect of the Subordinated Notes is a direct, unsecured and subordinated 
obligation of the Guarantor. 
In the event of: 
(a) 
an order being made, or an effective resolution being passed, for the winding-up of the 
Guarantor (except, in any such case, a solvent winding-up solely for the purposes of a 
reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation or the substitution in place of the Guarantor 
of a successor in business of the Guarantor, the terms of which reorganisation, 
reconstruction, amalgamation or substitution: (x) have previously been approved by an

--- Page 74 ---
57 
 
Extraordinary Resolution; and (y) do not provide that the Subordinated Notes shall thereby 
become redeemable or repayable in accordance with these Conditions); or 
(b) 
an administrator of the Guarantor (or official with an analogous position under Kuwaiti law) 
being appointed and such administrator (or official with an analogous position under 
Kuwaiti law) giving notice that it intends to declare and distribute a dividend, 
the rights and claims of the Noteholders against the Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee in respect 
of or arising under, including any damages awarded for breach of any obligations under, the 
Subordinated Notes will be subordinated to the claims of all Senior Creditors but will rank at least 
pari passu with the claims of holders of all other subordinated obligations of the Guarantor which 
do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior to the payment obligations of the 
Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee in respect of the Subordinated Notes and will rank in priority 
to all claims of holders of all undated or perpetual subordinated obligations of the Guarantor and to 
all claims of holders of all classes of share capital of the Guarantor. 
In this Condition 4.4, "Senior Creditors" shall mean creditors of the Guarantor (including 
depositors) whose claims are admitted to prove in the winding up or administration of the Guarantor 
and who are unsubordinated creditors of the Guarantor. 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of 
any jurisdiction, in respect of the Deed of Guarantee in respect of the Subordinated Notes. No 
collateral is or will be given for the payment obligations under the Deed of Guarantee in respect of 
the Subordinated Notes and any collateral that may have been or may in the future be given in 
connection with other indebtedness of the Guarantor shall not secure the payment obligations of the 
Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee in respect of the Subordinated Notes. 
5. 
Negative Pledge 
This Condition 5 only applies to Senior Notes. 
So long as any Senior Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer 
will not, and will ensure that none of its Subsidiaries will create, or have outstanding any mortgage, 
charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (other than (i) arising solely by operation of law or (ii) 
a Permitted Security Interest) (each a "Security Interest"), upon the whole or any part of its present 
or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness, or payment under any guarantee or indemnity granted by the Issuer or any Subsidiary 
in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness without at the same time or prior thereto according to the 
Notes and the Coupons the same security as is created or subsisting to secure any such Relevant 
Indebtedness, guarantee or indemnity or such other security as shall be approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
The Guarantor has agreed in the Deed of Guarantee in respect of the Senior Notes that, so long as 
any Senior Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Guarantor will not, 
and will ensure that none of its Principal Subsidiaries will create, or have outstanding, any Security 
Interest (other than (i) arising solely by operation of law or (ii) a Permitted Security Interest), upon 
the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled 
capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness, or payment under any guarantee or indemnity granted 
by the Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness without at the 
same time or prior thereto according to the Deed of Guarantee the same security as is created or 
subsisting to secure any such Relevant Indebtedness, guarantee or indemnity or such other security 
as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the 
Noteholders. 
In these Conditions: 
"Excluded Subsidiary" at any time means a Subsidiary of the Guarantor which is a prescribed 
company whose principal assets are constituted by a project or projects and none of whose 
indebtedness is directly or indirectly the subject of security or a guarantee, indemnity or any other 
form of assurance, undertaking or support from the Guarantor or any of its Principal Subsidiaries;

--- Page 75 ---
58 
 
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries or the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries (as the case may 
be); 
"Indebtedness" shall be construed so as to include any obligation for the payment or repayment of 
money, whether present or future, actual or contingent; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means any Security Interest: 
(a) 
in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness of any member of the Group incurred: 
(i) 
to finance the ownership, acquisition, development, redevelopment or operation of 
any asset; or 
(ii) 
to finance or facilitate the receipt of any specified revenues or receivables, 
in respect of which the person or persons to whom any such Relevant Indebtedness is or 
may be owed (for the purposes of this definition the "Lender") by such member of the 
Group (for the purposes of this definition the "Borrower") has or have no recourse 
whatsoever to any other member of the Group for the repayment thereof other than: 
(A) 
recourse to the relevant Borrower for amounts limited to the cash flow or 
the net cash flow from such asset, revenues or receivables, as the case may 
be; and/or 
(B) 
recourse to the proceeds of enforcement of any Security Interest (x) given 
by such Borrower over such asset, revenue or receivable or the income, 
cash flow or other proceeds deriving therefrom ("Relevant Property") 
and/or (y) given by any owner of voting equity interest in a Borrower over 
such equity interest ("Related Property") to secure such Relevant 
Indebtedness provided that the extent of such recourse to such Borrower 
is limited solely to the amount of any recoveries made in respect of such 
enforcement, or 
(b) 
securing Relevant Indebtedness of any person existing at the time that such person is 
acquired by or merged into or consolidated with any member of the Group, provided, 
however, that such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of such acquisition, 
merger or consolidation and does not extend to any assets or property of any member of the 
Group other than that of such person prior to such acquisition, merger or consolidation, as 
the case may be; 
"Principal Subsidiary" means a Subsidiary of the Guarantor (not being an Excluded Subsidiary): 
(a) 
whose total assets represent not less than 12 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the 
Guarantor and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; or 
(b) 
whose net operating income is more than 12 per cent. of the consolidated net operating 
income of the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, 
all as calculated by reference to the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Guarantor; or 
(c) 
to which is transferred all or substantially all of the business, undertaking or assets of a 
Subsidiary which immediately prior to such transfer is a Principal Subsidiary whereupon 
the transferor Subsidiary shall immediately cease to be a Principal Subsidiary and the 
transferee Subsidiary shall immediately become a Principal Subsidiary but shall cease to be 
a Principal Subsidiary under this sub-paragraph (c) (but without prejudice to the provisions 
of sub-paragraph (a) or (b) above) upon publication of its next audited accounts. 
A report by the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer of the Guarantor that in their 
opinion a Subsidiary of the Guarantor is or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any 
specified period a Principal Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding on all parties;

--- Page 76 ---
59 
 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness having an original maturity of more than one 
year which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, trust certificates, notes, 
debentures, loan stock or other securities which (with the consent of the issuer thereof) are for the 
time being listed or traded on a stock exchange or other recognised securities market other than any 
notes, bonds, trust certificates or other debt securities issued by an acquired Subsidiary prior to the 
date of the acquisition and not issued in contemplation of such acquisition; and 
"Subsidiary" means, in respect of any person (the "first person") at any particular time, any other 
person (the "second person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first person controls or has the power to control (directly or 
indirectly), whether by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove 
members of the governing body of the second person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first person. 
6. 
Interest 
6.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate, 
the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such 
Global Note or Global Certificate (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount 
paid up); or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of 
the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 6.1: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest

--- Page 77 ---
60 
 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the "Accrual 
Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of: (A) the number of days in such Determination Period; and (B) the 
number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of: (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period; and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of: (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period; and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; 
(b) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
and 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365. 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms; and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
6.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each "Interest Period" (which expression shall, 
in the Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date)

--- Page 78 ---
61 
 
or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest 
Payment Date. 
In these Conditions, if a "Business Day Convention" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and: (x) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
an Interest Payment Date should occur; or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise 
fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified 
is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 6.2(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date: (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis; or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event: (i) such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; and 
(ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day 
in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day save in respect of Notes for which the Reference 
Rate is SOFR, for which the final Interest Payment Date will not be 
postponed and interest on that payment will not accrue during the period 
from and after the scheduled final Interest Payment Date; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions: 
"Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(i) 
a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each Additional 
Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either: (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on 
which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the "TARGET2 System") is open; and 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 79 ---
62 
 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this 
subparagraph (i), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Fiscal Agent under an interest rate 
swap transaction if the Fiscal Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
(B) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions and the 
specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the applicable Final Terms then (a) Compounding with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b) 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number 
of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the applicable Final Terms and (c) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the applicable Final Terms then (a) Compounding with 
Lockout is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) Lockout 
is the number of Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the applicable Final Terms and (c) 
Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(C) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions and the

--- Page 80 ---
63 
 
specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method 
in the applicable Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lookback 
is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the 
number of Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the applicable Final Terms then (a) 
Averaging with Overnight Period Shift is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the applicable Final Terms and (c) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method 
in the applicable Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout is 
the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the number 
of Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the applicable Final Terms and (c) 
Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(D) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions and the 
specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Compounded Index Method 
with Observation Period Shift (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) shall 
be applicable and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the applicable Final Terms and (b) Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
(E) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(1) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest 
Period; 
(3) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; 
(4) 
"Effective 
Date" 
shall 
be 
references 
to 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date; 
(F) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(1) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and 
(2) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any 
specified Floating Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate 
Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the reference to "Calculation 
Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the definition of 
"Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall

--- Page 81 ---
64 
 
be replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous 
Day's Rate". 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i): 
(1) 
"Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity", "Reset Date", "Overnight Floating 
Rate Option", "Overnight Rate Compounding Method", 
"Compounding 
with 
Lookback", 
"Compounding 
with 
Observation Period Shift", "Compounding with Lockout", 
"Averaging with Lookback", "Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift", "Averaging with Lockout", "Index Method" and 
"Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift" 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions; 
(2) 
the definition of "Fallback Observation Day" in the ISDA 
Definitions shall be deemed deleted in its entirety and replaced 
with the following: "Fallback Observation Day" means, in 
respect of a Reset Date and the Calculation Period (or any 
Compounding Period included in that Calculation Period) to 
which that Reset Date relates, unless otherwise agreed, the day 
that is five Business Days preceding the related Payment Date; 
(3) 
"ISDA Definitions" means 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 
ISDA Definitions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(4) 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means in relation to a Series of Notes, 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and 
updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of 
such Series) published by ISDA; and 
(5) 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, 
the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix 
thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of 
such Series. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing SOFR 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest (other than in respect of Notes for which SOFR is specified 
as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms) for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Fiscal Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations)

--- Page 82 ---
65 
 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Fiscal Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) 
of such offered quotations. 
(B) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if Condition 6.2(b)(ii)(A)(1) 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, 
or, if Condition 6.2(b)(ii)(A)(2) applies and fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the 
Relevant Time, subject as provided below, the Issuer shall request the 
principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks 
to provide the Fiscal Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Fiscal Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Fiscal 
Agent; and 
(C) 
If paragraph (B) above applies and the Fiscal Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the 
rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at 
the request of) the Fiscal Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more 
of them, at which such banks were offered at the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate by leading banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market 
or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Fiscal Agent with 
such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, at which, the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are 
in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Fiscal 
Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Relevant Financial Centre 
interbank market provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, but without 
prejudice to Condition 6.2(h) (Benchmark Replacement) the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period). 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.2(b)(ii): 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the interbank 
market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate;

--- Page 83 ---
66 
 
"Reference Rate" means one of the following benchmark rates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) in respect of the currency and period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
EIBOR; 
(b) 
EURIBOR; 
(c) 
HIBOR; 
(d) 
KIBOR; 
(e) 
KLIBOR; 
(f) 
SAIBOR; 
(g) 
SOFR; 
(h) 
SIBOR; 
(i) 
TIBOR; and 
(j) 
TRLIBOR or TRYLIBOR; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means the financial centre specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part 
of a particular information service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or such replacement page on that service which displays the information); and 
"Relevant Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is SOFR: 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being "Compounded Daily", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms but subject to 
Condition 6.2(c) (Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of 
Interest)) the Margin, all as determined by the Fiscal Agent, where: 
"Compounded Daily Reference Rate" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the 
Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms and further provided for below) as the reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Fiscal 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑟𝑖−𝑝𝐵𝐷 x 𝑛𝑖
𝐷
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 𝐷
𝑑 
"Applicable Period" means,

--- Page 84 ---
67 
 
(a) 
where "Lag", "Lock-out" or "Payment Delay" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Observation Period relating to 
such Interest Period; 
"Business Day" or "BD" means a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and is not a date on which 
banking institutions in New York are authorised or required by law or 
regulation to be closed; 
"D" is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days 
in such Applicable Period; 
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business 
Days in such Applicable Period; 
"Effective Interest Payment Date" means any date or dates specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"i" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers 
from one to do, each representing the relevant Business Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first Business Day in such 
Applicable Period; 
"Lock-out Period" means the period from, and including, the day 
following the Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the 
corresponding Interest Period Date; 
"ni", for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number 
of calendar days from and including such Business Day "i" up to but 
excluding the following Business Day; 
"New York Fed's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any 
successor website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from and including the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date which 
is "p" Business Days prior to the Interest Period Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" Business Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" means, for any Interest Period: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in 
the Observation Look-back Period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified two Business 
Days); 
(b) 
where "Lock-out" or "Payment Delay" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, zero; or 
(c) 
where "Observation Shift" or "SOFR Index" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
Business Days included in the Observation Look-back Period

--- Page 85 ---
68 
 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (which shall not be less 
than two Business Days without the consent of the Fiscal Agent); 
"r" means: 
(a) 
where in the applicable Final Terms either "Lag" or "Observation 
Shift" is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any 
Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business Day; 
(b) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method: 
(i) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference 
Day, the SOFR in respect of the Business Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day, and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference 
Day (being a Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the 
SOFR in respect of the Business Day immediately 
preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest 
Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the 
Interest Determination Date); and 
(c) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Payment Delay" is specified 
as the Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the 
SOFR in respect of such Business Day, provided however that, in 
the case of the last Interest Period, in respect of each Business 
Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, 
as applicable, "r" shall be the SOFR in respect of the Rate Cut-off 
Date; 
"Rate Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Day" means each Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period, other than any Business Day in the Lock-out Period; 
"ri-pBD" means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition 
of "r" above for, (i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Business Day (being a Business Day 
falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling "p" Business Days prior 
to the relevant Business Day "i" or, (ii) otherwise, the relevant Business 
Day "i"; 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to 
the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate) on the New York Fed's Website, in 
each case on or about 5:00 p.m. (New York City Time) on the Business 
Day immediately following such Business Day (the "SOFR 
Determination Time"); and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for 
a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being "Weighted Average", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject to as provided below, be the Weighted Average Reference 
Rate (as defined below) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final

--- Page 86 ---
69 
 
Terms but subject to Condition 6.2(c) (Minimum Rate of Interest and/or 
Maximum Rate of Interest)) the Margin and will be calculated by the Fiscal 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards, where: 
"Business Day" has the meaning set out in paragraph (A) above; 
"Lock-out Period" has the meaning set out in paragraph (A) above; 
"Observation Period" has the meaning set out in paragraph (A) above; 
"Reference Day" has the meaning set out in paragraph (A) above; and 
"Weighted Average Reference Rate" means: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rate in effect for each calendar day during the relevant 
Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant 
Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in 
effect, determining the sum of such products and dividing such 
sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation 
Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any 
calendar day which is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be 
the Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day; and 
(b) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rate in effect for each calendar day during the relevant Interest 
Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate 
by the number of days such rate is in effect, determining the sum 
of such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar 
days in the relevant Interest Period, provided however that for any 
calendar day of such Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period, 
the relevant Reference Rate for each day during that Lock-out 
Period will be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the 
Reference Day immediately preceding the first day of such Lock-
out Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for 
any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall, subject to the 
proviso above, be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for 
the Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(C) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being "SOFR Index", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be the SOFR Index Reference Rate (as defined 
below) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms but 
subject to Condition 6.2(c) (Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum 
Rate of Interest)) the Margin and will be calculated by the Fiscal Agent on 
the Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.00000005 being 
rounded upwards, where: 
"p" has the meaning set out in paragraph (A) above; 
"SOFR Averages" shall mean the computation bearing the same name as 
published on the New York Fed's Website; 
"SOFR Index" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, means:

--- Page 87 ---
70 
 
(a) 
the SOFR Index value as published by the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) as such index appears on the New York 
Fed's Website at 5.00 p.m. (New York City time) on such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Determination 
Time"); or 
(b) 
if a SOFR Index value does not so appear as specified in (a) above 
at the SOFR Determination Time, then: 
(i) 
if a Benchmark Event has not occurred, the SOFR Index 
Reference Rate shall be the SOFR Index Unavailable 
value; or 
(ii) 
if a Benchmark Event has occurred, then the SOFR 
Index Reference Rate shall be the rate determined 
pursuant to Condition 6.2(h) (Benchmark Replacement); 
"SOFR IndexEnd" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Period Date 
relating to such Interest Period; 
"SOFR Index Reference Rate" means: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1)  x (360
𝑑𝑐
) 
 
where "dc" is the number of calendar days from (and including) SOFR 
IndexStart to (but excluding) SOFR IndexEnd (the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Observation Period); 
"SOFR IndexStart" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date of the 
relevant Interest Period; 
"SOFR Index Unavailable" means if a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd 
is not published on the associated Interest Determination Date and a 
Benchmark Event has have not occurred, "SOFR Index Reference Rate" 
means, for the relevant Interest Period for which such index is not available, 
the rate of return on a daily compounded interest investment calculated in 
accordance with the formula for SOFR Averages, and definitions required 
for such formula, published on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York's 
website 
at 
https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-
referenceratesinformation. For the purposes of this provision, references in 
the SOFR Averages compounding formula and related definitions to 
"calculation period" shall be replaced with "Observation Period" and the 
words "that is, 30-, 90-, or 180- calendar days" shall be removed. If the 
daily SOFR does not so appear for any day, "i" in the Observation Period, 
SOFR for such day "i" shall be SOFR published in respect of the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which SOFR was 
published on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York's website. 
(D) 
If, in respect of any Business Day (as defined in paragraph (A) above), the 
Reference Rate is not available, subject to Condition 6.2(h) (Benchmark 
Replacement) such Reference Rate shall be the SOFR (as defined in 
paragraph (A) above) for the first preceding Business Day on which the 
SOFR was published on the New York Fed's Website (as defined in 
paragraph (A) above) and "r" shall be interpreted accordingly.

--- Page 88 ---
71 
 
(E) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, but without prejudice to Condition 6.2(h) 
(Benchmark Replacement), the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there 
is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the 
first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) 
the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the first 
Interest Period). 
(F) 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) or Condition 11 (Events of 
Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any 
Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 
deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and 
the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note 
remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(G) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.2(b)(iii), if "Payment Delay" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, all references in 
these Conditions to interest on the Notes being payable on an Interest 
Payment Date or Interest Period Date shall be read as reference to interest 
on the Notes being payable on an Effective Interest Payment Date instead. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Fiscal Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Fiscal Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on 
the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note or Global 
Certificate, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by 
such Global Note or Global Certificate (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the 
aggregate amount paid up); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;

--- Page 89 ---
72 
 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form 
is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach 
the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 6.2: 
(a) if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of: (A) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366; and (B) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365); 
(b) if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(c) if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(d) if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(e) if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × 𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 90 ---
73 
 
(f) if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × 𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: "Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; and 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and "D2" is the calendar 
day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(g) if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × 𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless: 
(i) that day is the last day of February; or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless: (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date; or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an Interest Period, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Fiscal Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference 
Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as applicable) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as applicable), one of 
which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other

--- Page 91 ---
74 
 
of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided that, 
if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next 
longer, then the Fiscal Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate. 
"Applicable Maturity" means: (i) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of 
time designated in the Reference Rate; and (ii) in relation to ISDA Determination, the 
Designated Maturity. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Fiscal Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed 
(by no later than the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to 
such time, in the case of notification to a stock exchange and the second London Business 
Day after the Interest Determination Date in all other cases) and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in 
the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be 
promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for 
the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). For 
the purposes of this paragraph, the expression "London Business Day" means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
general business in London. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition, whether by the Fiscal Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error or proven error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other 
Agents and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as 
aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or 
the Couponholders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
(h) 
Benchmark replacement 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of Condition 6.2 (Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes), if the Guarantor determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation 
to the relevant Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms when any 
Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined 
by such Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply (other than where 
in the applicable Final Terms "Condition 6.2(h)(ii) (ARRC) is applicable" is 
specified for the Benchmark Replacement fall back): 
(A) 
the Guarantor shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser as soon as reasonably practicable to determine a Successor Rate 
or, alternatively, if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no 
Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate and (in either case) an 
Adjustment Spread no later than five Business Days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the 
"Interest Period Determination Cut-off Date") for the purposes of

--- Page 92 ---
75 
 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future 
Interest Periods (subject to the operation of this Condition 6.2(h) in its 
entirety); 
(B) 
if: (1) the Guarantor is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (2) 
the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate, and/or (in either case) 
an Adjustment Spread, prior to the relevant Interest Period Determination 
Cut-off Date in accordance with subparagraph (A) above, then the 
Guarantor (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
may elect to determine a Successor Rate or, if the Guarantor determines 
that there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate and (in 
either case) an Adjustment Spread itself for the purposes of determining 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to 
the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 6.2(h) in its entirety); provided, however, that if this 
subparagraph (B) applies and the Guarantor has failed to determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread, prior to the Interest Determination Date 
relating to the next succeeding Interest Period in accordance with this 
subparagraph (B), the Rate of Interest applicable to such Interest Period 
shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes 
in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period (which may be the 
initial Rate of Interest) (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest was determined, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if this subparagraph (B) applies and the 
Guarantor has failed to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Reference Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread, prior 
to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest 
Period in accordance with this subparagraph (B), this subparagraph (B) 
shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any 
subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the operation of this Condition 
6.2(h) in its entirety; 
(C) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is 
determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference 
Rate for all future Interest Periods (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 6.2(h) in its entirety including in the event of a further 
Benchmark Event affecting the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate); 
(D) 
the Adjustment Spread (or the formula for determining the Adjustment 
Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference 
Rate (as the case may be). If, however, the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Guarantor) or the Guarantor (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) (as applicable) is unable to 
determine, prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next 
succeeding Interest Period, the quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an 
Adjustment Spread; 
(E) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Guarantor (as the case may be) 
determines a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate and (in each

--- Page 93 ---
76 
 
case) the applicable Adjustment Spread, in accordance with the above 
provisions, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Guarantor) 
or the Guarantor (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) may also specify changes to these Conditions, including to the 
Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, 
Business Day, Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Dates and/or 
the definition of Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread applicable to the 
Notes (and in each case, related provisions and definitions), and the method 
for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (as applicable) 
(such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and the Guarantor 
shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
6.2(h)(i)(G), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give 
effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified 
in such notice and such Benchmark Amendments shall apply to the Notes 
for all future Interest Periods (subject to the operation of this Condition 
6.2(h) in its entirety) provided that no such Benchmark Amendments shall 
impose more onerous obligations on the Fiscal Agent or expose it to any 
additional duties or liabilities, or decrease its rights and protections, unless 
the Fiscal Agent consents; 
(F) 
an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6.2(h) shall 
act in a commercially reasonable manner, in good faith and subject as 
aforesaid (in the absence of fraud), shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Guarantor, the Fiscal Agent or Noteholders for any determination made by 
it or for any advice given to the Guarantor in connection with any 
determination made by the Guarantor pursuant to this Condition 6.2(h) No 
Noteholder consent shall be required in connection with effecting the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), any 
Adjustment Spread or such other changes pursuant to subparagraph (E), 
including for the execution of any documents, amendments or other steps 
by the Guarantor or the Fiscal Agent (or such other person specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amounts) (if required); and 
(G) 
the Guarantor shall, promptly following the determination of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread, give 
notice thereof and of any Benchmark Amendments pursuant to 
subparagraph (E) above to the Fiscal Agent (or such other person specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate 
of Interest and Interest Amounts) and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices). 
For the purpose of these Conditions: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either: (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative 
or zero); or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of 
the relevant Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Reference Rate) the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Guarantor) or the Guarantor (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) (as applicable) determines is customarily applied to the

--- Page 94 ---
77 
 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the relevant Reference Rate; or 
(c) 
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Guarantor) or the Guarantor in its discretion (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) (as applicable) 
determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the relevant 
Reference Rate where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(d) 
(if the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Guarantor) or the 
Guarantor (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) 
the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Guarantor) or the 
Guarantor in its discretion (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) (as applicable), determines to be appropriate; 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate that 
the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Guarantor) or the Guarantor 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) (as applicable) 
determines is customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions 
for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) in respect of Notes denominated in the same Specified Currency and 
of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period or, if the Independent 
Adviser (in consultation with the Guarantor) or the Guarantor (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) (as applicable) determines that there is 
no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Guarantor) or the Guarantor (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) (as applicable) determines in its discretion is most comparable to the 
relevant Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant 
Screen Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or 
administered; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be 
appointed that will continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has 
ceased publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that 
it will cease to do so by a specified future date (the "Specified Future 
Date"); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a Specified 
Future Date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that means that such Reference Rate will, by a Specified 
Future Date, be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject 
to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the 
Notes; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) such Reference Rate 
is or will, by a Specified Future Date, be no longer representative of an 
underlying market or (ii) the methodology to calculate such Reference Rate 
has materially changed; or

--- Page 95 ---
78 
 
(f) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Fiscal Agent or the Guarantor to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as 
applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event 
is a public statement within sub-paragraphs (b), (c), (d) or (e) above and the relevant 
Specified Future Date in the public statement is more than six months after the date 
of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur until 
the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future Date; 
"Financial Stability Board" means the organisation established by the Group of 
Twenty (G20) in April 2009; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Guarantor at its own expense; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for 
the currency to which the reference rate relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the reference rate; or 
(b) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of: 
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution for the currency to which the reference rate relates; 
(ii) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the reference rate; 
(iii) 
a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities; 
(iv) 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any part 
thereof; or 
(v) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the reference rate that is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body as a successor to or replacement of the relevant 
Reference Rate. 
(ii) 
ARRC 
This Condition 6.2(h)(ii) (ARRC) shall apply, in the case of Notes for which the 
Specified Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms is U.S. dollars and the 
Reference Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms is SOFR, if in the applicable 
Final Terms "Condition 6.2(h)(ii) (ARRC) is applicable" is specified for the 
Benchmark Replacement fall back: 
If the Guarantor determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement 
will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in 
respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all 
subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the Guarantor will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement

--- Page 96 ---
79 
 
Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Guarantor 
pursuant to this Condition 6.2(h)(ii), including any determination with respect to a 
tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or 
any selection: 
(A) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(B) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Guarantor (acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner); and 
(C) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to 
the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the 
Notes or any other party. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
"Benchmark" means, initially, SOFR; provided that if the Guarantor determines 
on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-
current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement; 
"Benchmark Replacement" means, in the case of Notes where the Reference Rate 
is SOFR, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by 
the Guarantor as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the sum of: (1) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for 
the then-current Benchmark; and (2) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(b) 
the sum of: (1) the ISDA Fallback Rate; and (2) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
(c) 
the sum of: (1) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Guarantor as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for 
the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate 
notes at such time; and (2) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in 
the order below that can be determined by the Guarantor as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
 
(a) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body 
for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected by the Guarantor giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-

--- Page 97 ---
80 
 
current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative 
matters) that the Guarantor decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of 
such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Guarantor decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Guarantor determines that no 
market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner 
as the Guarantor determines is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(a) 
in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event", the later of: (1) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein; and (2) the date on which the administrator 
of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
Benchmark; or 
(b) 
in the case of clause (c) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time 
in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed 
to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that such administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark, permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark; or 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark, the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Benchmark, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a court or an entity 
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for 
the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark; or 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the 
Benchmark is no longer representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor;

--- Page 98 ---
81 
 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means: (a) 
if the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (b) if the 
Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined by the Guarantor after giving effect 
to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York or any successor thereto; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined 
under this Condition 6.2(h)(ii) will be notified promptly by the Guarantor to the 
Agents and, in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such 
changes take effect. 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Guarantor shall deliver to 
the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by a director or a duly Authorised Signatory of 
the Guarantor: 
(a) 
confirming: (1) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred; (2) the 
relevant Benchmark Replacement; and (3) where applicable, any 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6.2(h)(ii); 
and 
(b) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark 
Replacement and/or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
6.3 
Interest on Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), interest 
will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes. 
6.4 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue 
until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Fiscal Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices).

--- Page 99 ---
82 
 
7. 
Payments 
7.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 (Taxation). 
7.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 7.1 (Method of Payment) above only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, 
and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any 
sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including 
the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Bearer Notes, other than the 
final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 7.1 
(Method of Payment) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment 
of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. 
Payment of the final instalment will be made in the manner provided in Condition 7.1 (Method of 
Payment) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum 
due, endorsement) of the relevant Bearer Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Each 
Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the definitive Bearer 
Note to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive Bearer Note to which they 
appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any definitive 
Bearer Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the 
sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of 
principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative 
missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 9 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise 
have become void under Condition 10 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the date on which 
such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons 
will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons

--- Page 100 ---
83 
 
shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed 
Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the 
aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note 
on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after 
that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of 
the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
7.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Bearer Notes represented by any Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation 
or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States. A record of each payment so made, distinguishing between any payment 
of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on any Global Note in bearer form by the 
Paying Agent to which it was presented and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the 
payment in question has been made. 
7.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in respect of 
each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified 
office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the 
Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the 
Registrar (the "Register") at the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose 
a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is 
located) before the relevant due date. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if: (i) a holder does not 
have a Designated Account; or (ii) the principal amount of the Notes held by a holder is less than 
U.S.$250,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment will instead 
be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined below). For 
these purposes, "Designated Account" means the account (which, in the case of a payment in 
Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by a holder with 
a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and "Designated Bank" means (in the case 
of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) 
any bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in 
respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by a cheque in the 
Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the business day 
in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding the relevant 
due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the 
Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the day prior (whether or not 
such day is a business day) to the relevant due date (the "Record Date") at their address shown in 
the Register on the Record Date and at their risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified 
office of the Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the specified office of the 
Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered Note, 
the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding 
paragraph. Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of 
interest (other than interest due on redemption) and instalments of principal (other than the final 
instalment) in respect of the Registered Notes which become payable to the holder who has made 
the initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such 
holder. Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption and the final

--- Page 101 ---
84 
 
instalment of principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such 
Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in 
accordance with this Condition 7.4 arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders in respect of any payments of principal 
or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Global Certificate in respect of 
Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid by transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency of the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee 
for conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect 
of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Global Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
7.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note or Global Certificate shall be the only person entitled to receive 
payments in respect of Notes represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and the Issuer 
will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note or Global 
Certificate in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes 
represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, 
or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note or Global Certificate. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7 (Payments), if any amount of principal 
and/or interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of 
principal and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying 
Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside 
the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when 
due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion 
of the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
7.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 10 (Prescription)) 
is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation;

--- Page 102 ---
85 
 
(ii) 
each Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(iii) 
either: (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); or (ii) in relation to 
any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(iv) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Global Certificate denominated in a 
Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name of DTC or its 
nominee and in respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with an interest in such 
Global Certificate) has elected to receive any part of such payment in U.S. dollars, 
a day on which commercial banks are not authorised or required by law or 
regulation to be closed in New York City. 
7.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 9 
(Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect 
of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may 
be payable with respect to interest under Condition 9 (Taxation). 
8. 
Redemption and Purchase 
8.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount, in the relevant Specified Currency on the 
Maturity Date, in each case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
8.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the 
Notes are not Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Notes are Floating Rate 
Notes), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9 (Taxation) or 
the Guarantor would be unable for reasons outside its control to procure payment by the 
Issuer and in making payment itself would be required to pay such additional amounts, in 
each case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant 
Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 9 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the 
Notes; and

--- Page 103 ---
86 
 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor taking 
reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 8.2, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer 
is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor has 
or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 8.5 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
8.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(a) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices); and 
(b) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (a) above, notice to the 
Fiscal Agent and, in the case of a redemption of Registered Notes, the Registrar, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final 
Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be 
redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note or Global 
Certificate, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being 
hereinafter called the "Selection Date"). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of 
the relevant Global Note or Global Certificate will be permitted during the period from (and 
including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this 
Condition 8.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices) at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
8.4 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 8.4 only applies to Senior Notes. 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice the 
Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the 
purchase of), subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. Registered 
Notes may be redeemed or, as the case may be, purchased under this Condition in any multiple of 
their lowest Specified Denomination. An Investor Put can only be exercised in accordance with this 
Condition 8.4, as completed by the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 104 ---
87 
 
To exercise the right to require redemption of Notes pursuant to this Condition 8.4 the holder of the 
relevant Note must, if such Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or 
the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such 
Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed 
and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified 
office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a "Put Notice") and in which the 
holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 8.4 and, in 
the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full 
nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a 
new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and 
in accordance with the provisions of Condition 3 (Transfers of Registered Notes). If the Notes are in 
definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by the relevant Note or evidence 
satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that such Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, 
be held to its order or under its control. If the Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global 
Certificate or are in definitive form and held through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, 
to exercise the right to require redemption of a Note the holder of the relevant Note must, within the 
notice period, give notice to the Fiscal Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC (which may include notice being given 
on their instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any depositary for them to the 
Fiscal Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
DTC from time to time and if the Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate, at 
the same time present or procure the presentation of the Global Note or Global Certificate to the 
Fiscal Agent or Registrar (as applicable) for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 8.4 
shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has 
occurred, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the 
notice given pursuant to this Condition 8.4 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and 
payable pursuant to Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
8.5 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) above and Condition 11 (Events of 
Default), each Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note but including an Instalment Note and 
a Partly Paid Note) with a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater than 
the Issue Price or which is payable in a Specified Currency other than that in which the Note 
is denominated, at the amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = 𝑅𝑃× (1 + 𝐴𝑌)𝑦 
Where: 
"RP" means the Reference Price; 
"AY" means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"y" is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360 day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption

--- Page 105 ---
88 
 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator of which is 360. 
8.6 
Instalments 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates. In the 
case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant to Condition 
8.5 (Early Redemption Amounts). 
8.7 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of Conditions 8.1 (Redemption at maturity) to 8.5 (Early Redemption 
Amounts) above and as completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
8.8 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor may, at any time purchase 
Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and 
Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. 
Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer or the Guarantor, surrendered 
to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
8.9 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes 
so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 8.8 (Purchases) (together 
with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the 
Fiscal Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
8.10 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 8.1 (Redemption at maturity), 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 8.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) or 8.4 (Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders (Investor Put)) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 
11 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 8.5(c) (Early 
Redemption Amounts) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or 
the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references 
to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Fiscal Agent and notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
9. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by the Issuer 
and all payments under the Deed of Guarantee by the Guarantor will be made without withholding, 
retention or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Relevant Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding, 
retention or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such withholding, retention or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have 
been receivable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of 
such withholding, retention or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon:

--- Page 106 ---
89 
 
(a) 
presented for payment in a Relevant Tax Jurisdiction; or 
(b) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in 
respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of their having some connection with a 
Relevant Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 7.6 (Payment Day)). 
As used herein: 
(i) 
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, 
except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by 
the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full 
amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
"Relevant Tax Jurisdiction" means in the case of any payment by the Issuer, the 
United Arab Emirates (including the DIFC) or, in the case of any payment by the 
Guarantor, the State of Kuwait or, in either case, any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall be 
permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required by Sections 1471 to 1474 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("FATCA"), any treaty, law, regulation or other official 
guidance implementing FATCA, or any agreement (or related guidance) between the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, a paying agent or any other person and the United States, any other jurisdiction, or any 
authority of any of the foregoing implementing FATCA and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, any 
paying agent or any other person shall be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to any 
such withholding or deduction imposed on or with respect to any Note. 
10. 
Prescription 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form), Receipts and Coupons will become void unless 
claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of 
principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9 
(Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 10 or any Talon 
which would be void pursuant to Condition 7.2 (Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes, Receipts 
and Coupons). 
11. 
Events of Default 
11.1 
Event of Default for Senior Notes 
This Condition 11.1 only applies to Senior Notes. 
If any one or more of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur and be 
continuing: 
(a) 
Non Payment 
Default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or 
any of them or the Deed of Guarantee and the default continues for a period of seven days 
in the case of principal and 14 days in the case of interest; or

--- Page 107 ---
90 
 
(b) 
Breach of Obligations 
The Issuer or the Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the 
Conditions or the Deed of Guarantee and (except in any case where the failure is incapable 
of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) 
the failure continues for the period of 30 days next following the service by a Noteholder 
on the Issuer or the Guarantor of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
Cross Acceleration 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of the Guarantor's Principal 
Subsidiaries for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised is not paid when due or 
(as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period; 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity by 
reason of default (however described); or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of the Guarantor's Principal Subsidiaries fails to 
pay when due any amount payable by it under any guarantee of any Indebtedness 
for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised, 
provided that the events mentioned in this paragraph (c) shall not constitute an Event of 
Default unless the aggregate amount of all such Indebtedness for or in respect of moneys 
borrowed or raised, either alone or when aggregated with all other such Indebtedness in 
respect of which such an event shall have occurred and be continuing, shall be more than 
U.S.$50,000,000 (on the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant currency against the 
U.S. dollar as quoted by any leading bank on the day on which this paragraph operates); or 
(d) 
Liquidation and Other Events 
(i) 
any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up 
or dissolution of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Guarantor's Principal 
Subsidiaries, save in connection with a Permitted Reorganisation; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Guarantor's Principal Subsidiaries ceases or 
threatens to cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part of its business, save in 
connection with a Permitted Reorganisation, or the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of 
the Guarantor's Principal Subsidiaries stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is 
unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall 
due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any 
applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(iii) 
proceedings are initiated against the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Guarantor's 
Principal Subsidiaries under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, 
reorganisation or other similar laws, or an application is made (or documents filed 
with a court) for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, 
administrator or other similar official (and such proceedings are not being actively 
contested in good faith by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Principal 
Subsidiary, as the case may be), or an administrative or other receiver, manager, 
administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of the Guarantor's Principal Subsidiaries or, as the case may be, 
in relation to the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of 
them, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force 
against the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them; 
and in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged 
within 30 days; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Guarantor's Principal Subsidiaries initiates 
or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, 
insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws (including the

--- Page 108 ---
91 
 
obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, 
or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or 
any class of its creditors) or, save in connection with a Permitted Reorganisation, 
any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition 
with its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors); or 
(v) 
any event occurs which under the laws of the DIFC, the United Arab Emirates or 
any Emirate therein, the State of Kuwait or any other jurisdiction has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (i) to (iv) above. 
(e) 
Authorisation and Consents 
Any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of any necessary 
consent, approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, recording or registration) 
at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable each of the Issuer 
and the Guarantor lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and perform and comply with its 
obligations under the Conditions or the Deed of Guarantee, (ii) to ensure that those 
obligations are legally binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes or the Deed of 
Guarantee admissible in evidence in the courts of the DIFC, the United Arab Emirates or 
any Emirate therein or the State of Kuwait is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(f) 
Illegality 
At any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or comply 
with any or all of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Deed of Guarantee 
or any of the material obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor thereunder are not or cease 
to be legal, valid, binding or enforceable; or 
(g) 
Cessation of the Deed of Guarantee 
The Deed of Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the Issuer or the Guarantor not to be, 
in full force and effect, 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Fiscal Agent, declare any 
Note held by it to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and 
payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of 
repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
In these Conditions: 
"Permitted Reorganisation" means: 
(i) 
any disposal by any Subsidiary of the Guarantor of the whole or a substantial part of its 
business, undertaking or assets to the Guarantor or other Subsidiary of the Guarantor; 
(ii) 
any amalgamation, consolidation or merger of a Subsidiary with any other Subsidiary of the 
Guarantor; or 
(iii) 
any amalgamation, consolidation, restructuring, merger or reorganisation on terms 
previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
11.2 
Events of Default for Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 11.2 only applies to Subordinated Notes. 
(a) 
Non Payment 
If default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due under the Notes or any of 
them or the Deed of Guarantee and the default continues for a period of seven days in the 
case of principal and 14 days in the case of interest, any Noteholder may institute 
proceedings in the DIFC, the United Arab Emirates or any Emirate therein (but not

--- Page 109 ---
92 
 
elsewhere) for the dissolution and liquidation of the Issuer and in the State of Kuwait (but 
not elsewhere) for the dissolution and liquidation of the Guarantor. 
(b) 
Liquidation and other events 
If any one or more of the following events shall occur and be continuing: 
(i) 
any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up 
or dissolution of the Issuer or the Guarantor, save in connection with a Permitted 
Reorganisation; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or a 
substantial part of its business, save in connection with a Permitted Reorganisation, 
or the Issuer or the Guarantor stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, 
or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is 
deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable 
law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; 
(iii) 
proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or the Guarantor under any applicable 
liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or an 
application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the appointment of an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official 
(and such proceedings are not being actively contested in good faith by the Issuer 
or as the case may be, the Guarantor), or an administrative or other receiver, 
manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer 
or the Guarantor or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a substantial 
part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer or the Guarantor, or a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued 
out or put in force against the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor; and in any case (other than the appointment of an 
administrator) is not discharged within 14 days; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to 
itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or 
other similar laws (including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance 
or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other 
arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or, save in 
connection with a Permitted Reorganisation, any meeting is convened to consider 
a proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any 
class of its creditors); or 
(v) 
any event occurs which under the laws of the DIFC, the United Arab Emirates or 
any Emirate therein, the State of Kuwait or any other jurisdiction has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (i) to (iv) above, 
then the holder of any Note may give written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Fiscal 
Agent, that such Note is due and payable, whereupon the same shall become forthwith due 
and payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the 
date of repayment without presentation, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
(c) 
Breach of Obligations 
To the extent permitted by applicable law and by these Conditions, a Noteholder may at its 
discretion institute such proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor as it may think fit 
to enforce any obligation, condition, undertaking or provision binding on the Issuer or the 
Guarantor under the Notes or the Deed of Guarantee, the Receipts or the Coupons, but the 
institution of such proceedings shall not have the effect that the Issuer or, as the case may 
be, the Guarantor shall be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than would otherwise 
have been payable by it.

--- Page 110 ---
93 
 
(d) 
Other Remedies 
No remedy against the Issuer or the Guarantor, other than the institution of the proceedings 
referred to in paragraph (a) or (c) above and the proving or claiming in any dissolution and 
liquidation of the Issuer or the Guarantor, shall be available to the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders whether for the recovering of amounts owing in 
respect of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons or in respect of any breach by the Issuer 
or the Guarantor of any other obligation, condition or provision binding on it under the 
Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons. 
12. 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Receipts or 
Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Agents 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or 
appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which 
any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Fiscal Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place 
as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; and 
(c) 
so long as any of the Global Certificates payable in a Specified Currency other than U.S. 
dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange Agent 
with a specified office in London. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified 
office in New York City in the circumstances described in Condition 7.5 (General provisions 
applicable to payments). Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect 
(other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor 
more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions 
permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated 
or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
14. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 10 
(Prescription).

--- Page 111 ---
94 
 
15. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in the Republic of Ireland (which is 
expected to be the Irish Times) or published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) or, if in either case such publication is not practicable, 
in a leading English Language newspaper having general circulation in Europe. The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by 
which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on 
the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on 
the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) 
at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the 
fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange 
or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes or Global 
Certificates representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC for 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of 
that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the seventh day after the day on which 
the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Fiscal Agent (in 
the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of the Notes 
are represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate, such notice may be given by any holder of a 
Note to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
DTC, as the case may be, in such manner as the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
16. 
Currency Indemnity 
If, under any applicable law and whether pursuant to a judgment being made or registered against 
the Issuer and/or the Guarantor or in the liquidation, insolvency or any similar process of the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor or for any other reason, any payment under or in connection with the Notes, 
the Receipts or the Coupons is made or falls to be satisfied in a currency (the other currency) other 
than the Specified Currency, then, to the extent that the payment (when converted into the Specified 
Currency at the rate of exchange on the date of payment or, if it is not practicable for the relevant 
recipient to purchase the Specified Currency with the other currency on the date of payment, at the 
rate of exchange as soon thereafter as it is practicable for it to do so or, in the case of a liquidation, 
insolvency or analogous process, at the rate of exchange on the latest date permitted by applicable 
law for the determination of liabilities in such liquidation, insolvency or analogous process) actually 
received by the relevant recipient falls short of the amount due under these Conditions, the Issuer 
and the Guarantor jointly and severally undertake that they shall, as a separate and independent 
obligation, indemnify and hold harmless the recipient against the amount of the shortfall. For the 
purpose of this Condition 16, rate of exchange means the rate at which the relevant recipient is able 
on the London foreign exchange market on the relevant date to purchase the Specified Currency with 
the other currency and shall take into account any premium and other reasonable costs of exchange.

--- Page 112 ---
95 
 
17. 
Meetings of Noteholders and Modification 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting 
their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, 
the Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may 
be convened by the Issuer or the Guarantor and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing 
by Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than a clear majority in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except 
that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes, 
the Receipts or the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for 
payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes, altering the currency of payment of the Notes, the Receipts or the 
Coupons or amending the Deed of Guarantee), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than three-quarters in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than one-quarter in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether 
or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
The Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor may, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders, make any modification to the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, 
the Deed of Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll or the Agency Agreement which is: 
(a) 
not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders and shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) 
as soon as practicable thereafter. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions 
the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment 
of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding Notes. 
19. 
Governing Law and Dispute Resolution 
19.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed Poll, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed of Guarantee, the Notes, 
the Receipts and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
19.2 
Arbitration 
Any dispute, claim, difference or controversy arising out of, relating to or having any connection 
with the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons, these Conditions, the Agency Agreement, the Deed 
of Covenant or the Deed of Guarantee (including any dispute as to their existence, validity, 
interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of the nullity of any of them 
and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them) 
(a "Dispute") shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration in accordance with the 
Arbitration Rules (the "Rules") of the London Court of International Arbitration (the "LCIA"), 
which Rules (as amended from time to time) are deemed to be incorporated by reference into this 
Condition 19.2. For these purposes:

--- Page 113 ---
96 
 
(a) 
the seat of arbitration shall be London, England; 
(b) 
there shall be three arbitrators, each of whom shall be disinterested in the arbitration, shall 
have no connection with any party to the Dispute and shall be an attorney experienced in 
international securities transactions. The parties to the Dispute shall each nominate one 
arbitrator and both arbitrators in turn shall appoint a further arbitrator who shall be the 
chairman of the tribunal. In cases where there are multiple claimants and/or multiple 
respondents, the class of claimants jointly, and the class of respondents jointly shall each 
nominate one arbitrator. If one party or both fails to nominate an arbitrator within the time 
limits specified by the Rules, such arbitrator(s) shall be appointed by the LCIA. If the party 
nominated arbitrators fail to nominate the third arbitrator within 15 days of the appointment 
of the second arbitrator, such arbitrator shall be appointed by the LCIA; and 
(c) 
the language of the arbitration shall be English. 
19.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably appoints Maples and Calder at its registered office 
at 11th Floor, 200 Aldersgate Street, London EC1A 4HD, United Kingdom as its authorised agent 
for service of process in England. If for any reason such agent shall cease to be such agent for service 
of process or ceases to be registered in England, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint 
a new agent for service of process in England and shall notify the Noteholders of such appointment. 
Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
19.4 
Waiver of Immunity 
To the extent that the Issuer or the Guarantor may in any jurisdiction claim for itself or its assets or 
revenues immunity from suit, execution, attachment (whether in aid of execution, before judgment 
or otherwise) or other legal process and to the extent that such immunity (whether or not claimed) 
may be attributed in any such jurisdiction to the Issuer or the Guarantor or its assets or revenues, 
each of the Issuer and the Guarantor agrees not to claim and irrevocably and unconditionally waives 
such immunity to the fullest extent permitted by the laws or such jurisdiction. Further, each of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally consents to the giving of any relief or the 
issue of any legal proceedings, including, without limitation, jurisdiction, enforcement, prejudgment 
proceedings and injunctions in connection with any Disputes. 
20. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to 
enforce any term of the Notes, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any Person which exists 
or is available apart from that Act. 
21. 
Corporate Obligations 
Each Noteholder acknowledges and agrees that notwithstanding any other provision contained 
herein, the obligations of the Issuer under the Conditions and the Notes are corporate or limited 
liability obligations of the Issuer and, no Noteholder shall have any recourse against any of the 
directors, officers, employees or corporate services providers of the Issuer (the "Limited Parties") 
(nor shall any of the Limited Parties be personally liable for any claims, losses, damages, liabilities, 
indemnities, representations or other obligations whatsoever of the Issuer), under or in connection 
with the Notes or the Conditions, save in the case of the wilful default or actual fraud of such Limited 
Party. Reference herein to wilful default or actual fraud means a finding to such effect by a court of 
competent jurisdiction in relation to the conduct of the relevant Limited Party.

--- Page 114 ---
97 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be lent by the Issuer to the Guarantor. Save in respect of 
Sustainable Notes, the Guarantor will apply the amounts lent for its general corporate purposes or for any 
other purpose specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In relation to each Tranche identified as Sustainable Notes in the applicable Final Terms (the "Sustainable 
Notes"), an amount at least equal to the net proceeds of such Tranche (the "equivalent amount") will be 
applied by the Guarantor (either directly or through one or more of its subsidiaries) to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, eligible green assets and/or eligible social assets (together "Eligible 
Sustainable Assets"). Eligible Sustainable Assets may include new or existing assets from sustainable asset 
categories, which include both: 
• 
green assets such as: (a) renewable energy (including wind, low-emission geothermal, solar, low-
emission bioenergy, small scale hydro and other low-emission sources as well as the related 
transmission infrastructure); (b) energy efficiency (including energy efficiency improvement in 
various sectors); (c) clean transportation (zero or low carbon transport and mass transportation 
systems); (d) sustainable water and wastewater management (including technologies to reduce water 
demand in stressed areas, flood prevention and other water-related projects); (e) pollution prevention 
and control (including waste management projects and mitigating environmental pollutants); (f) 
environmentally sustainable management of living natural resources and land use (certified forest, 
sustainable agricultural practices and climate smart farming, environmentally sustainable fishery 
and aquaculture) and (g) green buildings (including new construction, building redevelopment 
and/or renovation of existing buildings); and 
• 
social assets such as (a) improving access to public free or subsidised essential services, such as 
healthcare and education; (b) the development of affordable basic infrastructure (such as clean 
drinking water, sanitation and sustainable transport); (c) affordable housing for low and middle 
income populations in Egypt and low income populations in other countries; and (d) programmes 
designed to promote employment or reduce unemployment stemming from socio-economic crises, 
in each case as further described in the "Use of Proceeds" section of the Guarantor's Sustainable Financing 
Framework 
published 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.nbk.com/dam/jcr:507f03bd-0473-4670-a131-
fdbd0f0b404e/NBK-Sustainable-Financing-Framework.pdf) (as amended, supplemented, restated and/or 
otherwise updated on such website from time to time, the "Sustainable Financing Framework"). The 
Guarantor will seek to allocate all equivalent amounts from a Tranche of Sustainable Notes within 36 months 
following the Issue Date and will prioritise new Eligible Sustainable Assets. In relation to allocating 
equivalent amounts to the refinancing of existing assets, the Guarantor will aim to apply a three-year lookback 
period prior to the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Sustainable Notes. The Guarantor intends to exclude 
the equivalent amount from being applied towards any assets associated with: (i) nuclear energy; (ii) fossil 
fuel energy; (iii) defence; and (iv) energy efficiency investments in high carbon intensive sectors primarily 
derived or powered by fossil fuels. 
The Guarantor has established a Sustainable Financing Working Group with responsibility for selecting and 
monitoring Eligible Sustainable Assets. The Guarantor’s finance and treasury team will manage the allocation 
of equivalent amounts using a portfolio approach. Pending full allocation of equivalent amounts, any 
unutilised proceeds will be held in temporary investments such as cash, cash equivalents and/or other liquid 
marketable investments (preferably sustainable bonds issued by other issuers) in line with the Guarantor's 
policies. 
The Sustainable Financing Framework is intended to be aligned with the ICMA Green Bond Principles (the 
"ICMA Green Bond Principles") published by the International Capital Markets Association from time to 
time, which as at the date of this Supplement are the Green Bond Principles 2021 
(https://www.icmagroup.org/green-social-and-sustainability-bonds/green-bond-principles-gbp/). 
The Guarantor has appointed S&P Global to assess the Sustainable Financing Framework and its alignment 
with the ICMA Green Bond Principles, and to issue a second party opinion in respect thereof. Such opinion 
has been published on the Guarantor's website referred to above.

--- Page 115 ---
98 
 
If a project to which all or part of the equivalent amount has been applied ceases for any reason to be a Green 
Project, the Guarantor shall endeavour to substitute such project for a replacement Eligible Sustainable Asset 
as soon as practicable once an appropriate replacement Eligible Sustainable Asset has been identified. 
The Guarantor intends to publish on its website referred to above, an allocation report and an impact report 
as discussed in the "Reporting" section of the Sustainable Financing Framework. The initial report will be 
published within one year from the date of the first issuance of any Sustainable Notes and further reports will 
be published (i) annually thereafter until the proceeds have been fully allocated and (ii) as necessary in the 
event of any material changes to such allocation. The Guarantor will request on an annual basis, starting one 
year after issuance and until full allocation, an assurance report on the allocation of equivalent amounts to 
Eligible Sustainable Assets, provided by its external auditor. The assurance report will also be available on 
the Guarantor’s website. 
None of the Sustainable Financing Framework or the ICMA Green Bond Principles or any of the above 
reports, verification assessments or the contents of any of the above websites are incorporated in or form part 
of the Base Prospectus. See also "Risk factors—Factors which are Material for the Purpose of Assessing the 
Market Risks Associated with Notes Issued under the Programme—Risks related to Notes generally—The 
use of proceeds of the Notes of any Series identified as Sustainable Notes in the applicable Final Terms may 
not meet investor expectations or requirements or be suitable for an investor's investment criteria".

--- Page 116 ---
99 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
General 
The Issuer was incorporated in the DIFC on 30 April 2017 as a special purpose company under the Companies 
Law, DIFC Law No. 3 of 2006 and the Special Purpose Company Regulations and with registered number 
2462 and was converted to a prescribed company on 31 October 2019 following enactment of the Prescribed 
Company Regulations under the Companies Law, DIFC Law No. 5 of 2018. 
Registered Office 
The Issuer's registered office is c/o Maples Fund Services (Middle East) Limited, Unit C1407, Level 14, Burj 
Daman, DIFC, Dubai, 506734, United Arab Emirates, and its telephone number is +971 4511 4200. 
Business of the Issuer 
The business of the Issuer has been limited to issuing Notes under the Programme and performing its 
obligations in connection therewith. The Issuer has no substantial liabilities other than in connection with 
Notes issued under the Programme. In 2017, the Issuer issued U.S.$750,000,000 2.75 per cent. Notes due 
2022 unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor (which matured and was redeemed in full 
on 30 May 2022). In 2021, the Issuer issued U.S.$1,000,000,000 Fixed Rate to Floating Rate Notes due 2027 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor. 
Financial Statements 
The Issuer is not required by the laws of the DIFC, and does not intend, to publish audited financial 
statements. Since the date of its incorporation, no audited financial statements of the Issuer have been 
prepared. The Issuer prepares and keeps unaudited financial records at its registered office which have been 
prepared by its corporate service provider, Maples Fund Services (Middle East) Limited. 
Administration 
Maples Fund Services (Middle East) Limited acts as the corporate service provider of the Issuer (in such 
capacity, the "Corporate Service Provider"). The office of the Corporate Service Provider serves as the 
general business office of the Issuer. Through the office, and pursuant to the terms of a corporate services 
agreement dated 1 May 2017 entered into between the Issuer and the Corporate Service Provider (the 
"Corporate Services Agreement"), the Corporate Service Provider has agreed to perform in the United Arab 
Emirates, and/or such other jurisdiction as may be agreed by the parties from time to time, various 
management functions on behalf of the Issuer and the provision of certain clerical, administrative and other 
services until termination of the Corporate Services Agreement. The Issuer and the Corporate Service 
Provider have also entered into a registered office agreement (the "Registered Office Agreement") for the 
provision of registered office facilities to the Issuer. In consideration of the foregoing, the Corporate Service 
Provider will receive various fees payable by the Issuer at rates agreed upon from time to time, plus expenses. 
The terms of the Corporate Services Agreement and Registered Office Agreement provide that either the 
Issuer or the Corporate Service Provider may terminate such agreements upon the occurrence of certain stated 
events, including any breach by the other party of its obligations under such agreements. In addition, the 
Corporate Services Agreement and the Registered Office Agreement provide that either party shall be entitled 
to terminate such agreements by giving at least one month's notice in writing to the other party with a copy 
to the DIFC Registrar of Companies. Furthermore, the Corporate Service Provider has the right to terminate 
such agreements in the event that there is a change in the shareholding of the Issuer or the Issuer has breached, 
or is unable to satisfy, any of its obligations under or in connection with, the Notes. 
The Corporate Service Provider will be subject to the overview of the Issuer's Board of Directors. 
The Corporate Service Provider's principal office is Unit C1407, Level 14, Burj Daman, DIFC, Dubai, 
506734, United Arab Emirates. 
The directors of the Issuer are employees and/or officers of the Corporate Service Provider. The Issuer has 
no employees and is not expected to have any employees in the future.

--- Page 117 ---
100 
 
Directors 
The directors of the Issuer are: 
Name 
Principal Occupation 
Norbert Neijzen  
Regional Head of Fiduciary, Middle East of Maples Fund Services (Middle East) 
Limited 
Jordan Hebert 
Assistant Vice President, Maples Fund Services (Middle East) Limited 
 
No director of the Issuer has any actual or potential conflicts of interest between the director's private interests 
and the director's duties to the Issuer. 
The directors of the Issuer do not hold any direct, indirect, beneficial or economic interest in any of the shares 
of the Issuer. 
As a matter of DIFC law, each director of the Issuer is under a duty to act honestly and in good faith with a 
view to the best interests of the Issuer, regardless of any other interests the director may have. 
The business address of the directors of the Issuer is c/o Maples Fund Services (Middle East) Limited, Unit 
C1407, Level 14, Burj Daman, DIFC, Dubai, 506734, United Arab Emirates. 
Secretary 
Maples Fund Services (Middle East) Limited – see address above. 
Share Capital 
The Issuer has an authorised share capital of U.S.$100 consisting of 100 shares of U.S.$1 nominal value 
each, of which all 100 shares have been issued and fully paid up as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The 
Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Guarantor.

--- Page 118 ---
101 
 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 
The financial information in this section should be read in conjunction with "Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations", the Annual Financial Statements and the related 
notes thereto. The financial information in this section (i) as at, and for the six-month periods ended, 30 June 
2022 and 30 June 2021 is unaudited and has been derived from the Interim Financial Statements, (ii) as at, 
and for the years ended, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 has been derived from the 2021 Financial 
Statements and (iii) as at, and for the year ended, 31 December 2019 has been derived from the comparative 
data for 2019 included in the 2020 Financial Statements. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME 
 
Six months ended 30 
June 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(KD thousands) 
Interest income ..................................................................  
372,676 
326,034 
661,056 
756,984 
986,526 
Interest expense .................................................................  
113,056 
74,398 
154,889 
266,752 
421,618 
Net interest income ..........................................................  
259,620 
251,636 
506,167 
490,232 
564,908 
Murabaha and other Islamic financing income ..................  
128,593 
112,613 
227,849 
225,137 
211,317 
Finance cost and distribution to depositors ........................  
39,939 
30,647 
64,757 
81,902 
87,001 
Net income from Islamic financing .................................  
88,654 
81,966 
163,092 
143,235 
124,316 
Net interest income and net income from Islamic 
Financing ..........................................................................  
348,274 
333,602 
669,259 
633,467 
689,224 
Net fees and commissions ..................................................  
90,185 
81,417 
165,271 
145,981 
157,152 
Net investment income ......................................................  
10,625 
18,105 
27,905 
2,041 
8,419 
Net gains from dealing in foreign currencies .....................  
30,204 
15,923 
39,829 
38,159 
39,343 
Other operating income .....................................................  
869 
3,487 
4,054 
22,873 
1,379 
Non-interest income .........................................................  
131,883 
118,932 
237,059 
209,054 
206,293 
Net operating income .......................................................  
480,157 
452,534 
906,318 
842,521 
895,517 
Staff expenses ....................................................................  
107,731 
94,547 
201,113 
174,442 
175,731 
Other administrative expenses ...........................................  
60,732 
57,795 
122,134 
102,058 
98,852 
Depreciation of premises and equipment ...........................  
19,097 
16,956 
34,049 
33,432 
26,493 
Amortisation of intangible assets .......................................  
824 
824 
1,647 
1,647 
3,198 
Operating expenses ..........................................................  
188,384 
170,122 
358,943 
311,579 
304,274 
Operating profit before provision for credit losses and 
impairment losses ............................................................  
291,773 
282,412 
547,375 
530,942 
591,243 
Provision charge for credit losses and impairment losses ..  
21,044 
97,206 
132,498 
246,438 
129,715 
Operating profit before taxation and directors' 
remuneration....................................................................  
270,729 
185,206 
414,877 
284,504 
461,528 
Taxation .............................................................................  
21,951 
16,427 
34,136 
25,842 
35,536 
Directors' remuneration .....................................................  
- 
- 
120 
- 
- 
Profit for the period/year ................................................  
248,778 
168,779 
380,621 
258,662 
425,992 
Attributable to: 
 
 
 
 
 
Shareholders of the Bank ...................................................  
237,826 
160,766 
362,249 
246,341 
401,291 
Non-controlling interests ...................................................  
10,952 
8,013 
18,372 
12,321 
24,701

--- Page 119 ---
102 
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
 
As at 30 
June  
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(KD thousands) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Cash and short-term funds .................................................................... 
5,086,625 
5,081,991 
3,903,371 
3,787,173 
Central Bank of Kuwait bonds .............................................................. 
847,979 
830,054 
830,233 
823,229 
Kuwait Government treasury bonds...................................................... 
266,887 
417,016 
462,922 
662,175 
Deposits with banks .............................................................................. 
1,169,014 
885,280 
1,027,373 
1,909,081 
Loans, advances and Islamic financing to customers ............................ 
20,138,337 
19,722,471 
17,504,342 
16,552,598 
Investment securities ............................................................................ 
5,134,677 
4,910,798 
4,728,778 
4,214,562 
Investment in associates........................................................................ 
3,619 
3,746 
5,195 
35,297 
Land, premises and equipment.............................................................. 
464,005 
456,209 
426,963 
433,540 
Goodwill and other intangible assets
 .............................................................................................................. 
 .............................................................................................................. 
570,998 
581,264 
581,881 
582,927 
Other assets ........................................................................................... 
600,546 
367,757 
246,333 
270,171 
Total assets .......................................................................................... 
34,282,687 
33,256,586 
29,717,391 
29,270,753 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Due to banks ......................................................................................... 
3,979,719 
4,098,688 
3,052,356 
3,605,888 
Deposits from other financial institutions ............................................. 
3,773,338 
3,135,629 
2,929,247 
3,976,041 
Customer deposits ................................................................................. 
18,920,892 
18,280,989 
17,104,232 
15,930,577 
Certificates of deposit issued ................................................................ 
1,350,557 
1,339,354 
918,862 
538,611 
Other borrowed funds ........................................................................... 
1,200,951 
1,266,582 
808,665 
351,960 
Other liabilities ..................................................................................... 
599,588 
668,227 
763,004 
608,516 
Total liabilities .................................................................................... 
29,825,045 
28,789,469 
25,576,336 
25,011,593 
Equity 
 
 
 
 
Share capital ......................................................................................... 
755,233 
719,269 
685,019 
652,399 
Proposed bonus shares .......................................................................... 
- 
35,964 
34,250 
32,620 
Statutory reserve ................................................................................... 
359,637 
359,637 
342,511 
326,199 
Share premium account ........................................................................ 
803,028 
803,028 
803,028 
803,028 
Treasury shares ..................................................................................... 
 
 
- 
(39,258) 
Treasury shares reserve ......................................................................... 
34,961 
34,961 
34,961 
25,115 
Other reserves ....................................................................................... 
1,501,081 
1,586,708 
1,410,240 
1,633,641 
Equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank .............................. 
3,453,940 
3,539,567 
3,310,009 
3,433,744 
Perpetual Tier 1 Capital Securities ........................................................ 
439,032 
439,032 
438,438 
438,438 
Non-controlling interests ...................................................................... 
564,670 
488,518 
392,608 
386,978 
Total equity ......................................................................................... 
4,457,642 
4,467,117 
4,141,055 
4,259,160 
Total liabilities and equity .................................................................. 
34,282,687 
33,256,586 
29,717,391 
29,270,753

--- Page 120 ---
103 
 
SELECTED RATIOS 
 
As at and for the six 
months ended 30 June 
As at and for the year ended 31 
December 
 
2022 
2021 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(per cent.) 
Performance measures 
 
 
 
 
 
Return on average assets(1) .......................................... 
1.42 
1.05 
1.15 
0.82 
1.42 
Return on average equity(2) ......................................... 
13.6 
9.2 
10.2 
7.0 
12.3 
Cost to income ratio(3) ................................................. 
39.2 
37.6 
39.6 
37.0 
34.0 
Financial ratios 
 
 
 
 
 
Net interest margin(4)................................................... 
2.18 
2.28 
2.21 
2.21 
2.56 
Yield(5) ........................................................................ 
3.14 
3.00 
2.94 
3.43 
4.45 
Funding cost(6) ............................................................ 
1.08 
0.82 
0.83 
1.39 
2.14 
Net profit margin(7) ..................................................... 
49.5 
35.5 
40.0 
29.2 
44.8 
Asset quality 
 
 
 
 
 
Impaired loans ratio(8) ................................................. 
1.24 
2.45 
1.04 
1.72 
1.10 
Loan loss coverage ratio(9) .......................................... 
310.5 
152.3 
300.0 
220.0 
272.2 
Liquidity coverage ratio(10) .......................................... 
156.1 
156.9 
153.8 
145.2 
159.7 
Loans to customer and financial institution deposits 
ratio(11) ........................................................................ 
88.7 
87.6 
92.1 
87.4 
83.2 
Loans to total deposits ratio(12) .................................... 
71.9 
71.8 
73.4 
72.9 
68.8 
Liquid asset ratio(13) .................................................... 
33.8 
34.1 
33.5 
34.1 
36.2 
Other ratios 
 
 
 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(14)(15) .... 
12.6 
13.4 
13.3 
13.6 
13.5 
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(14)(16) ............................... 
14.9 
15.8 
15.7 
16.0 
15.9 
Total capital adequacy ratio(14)(17) ................................ 
17.3 
18.2 
18.1 
18.4 
17.8 
Financial leverage ratio(18)........................................... 
9.3 
9.9 
9.8 
10.3 
10.2 
Net stable funding ratio(19) .......................................... 
113.3 
111.5 
110.3 
115.1 
111.1 
 _______________  
Notes: 
(1) 
Profit for the period attributable to shareholders of the Bank (as set out in the consolidated statement of income in the Interim 
Financial Statements and in the 2021 Financial Statements) divided by average assets for the period (as shown in "Selected Statistical 
Data"). 
(2) 
Profit for the period attributable to shareholders of the Bank less interest paid on Tier 1 Capital (which is not included in 
shareholders' equity) divided by average shareholders' equity (being equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank as set out in the 
consolidated statement of financial position in the Interim Financial Statements and in the 2021 Financial Statements) for the period. 
Average shareholders' equity for the period (excluding the proposed dividend for the period) is calculated as the sum of shareholders' 
equity on a quarterly basis divided by five (for annual period) and three (for quarterly periods). 
(3) 
Operating expenses (as set out in the consolidated statement of income in the Interim Financial Statements and in the 2021 Financial 
Statements) divided by net operating income (as set out in the consolidated statement of income in the Interim Financial Statements 
and in the 2021 Financial Statements). 
(4) 
Net interest income and net income from Islamic financing (each as set out in the consolidated statement of income in the Interim 
Financial Statements and in the 2021 Financial Statements) divided by average income-earning assets for the period (as shown in 
"Selected Statistical Data"). 
(5) 
Interest income and income from Islamic financing (each as set out in the consolidated statement of income in the Interim Financial 
Statements and in the 2021 Financial Statements) divided by average income-earning assets for the period. 
(6) 
Interest expense and financing costs and distribution to depositors (each as set out in the consolidated statement of income in the 
Interim Financial Statements and in the 2021 Financial Statements) divided by the average cost-bearing liabilities for the period (as 
shown in "Selected Statistical Data"). 
(7) 
Profit for the period attributable to shareholders of the Bank divided by net operating income for the period. 
(8) 
Impaired loans (being past due and impaired loans, advances and Islamic financing to customers as set out in note 28.1.5 to the 
2021 Financial Statements and which amounted to KD 259,231 thousand and KD 470,790 thousand as at 30 June in each of 2022 
and 2021, respectively) as a percentage of total gross loans (being loans, advances and Islamic financing to customers as set out in 
the first table to note 13 to the 2021 Financial Statements and the first table to note 6 to the Interim Financial Statements, 
respectively). 
(9) 
Loan loss provisions (being provision for credit losses as set out in note 13 to the 2021 Financial Statements and which amounted 
to KD 804,928 thousand and KD 717,179 thousand as at 30 June in each of 2022 and 2021, respectively) as a percentage of impaired 
loans. 
(10) The Liquidity coverage ratio is calculated based on the Central Bank of Kuwait's guidelines which are in line with Basel III 
recommendations. The Liquidity coverage ratio is calculated on a daily basis as the ratio of High Quality Liquid Assets (post factors) 
to the expected Net Cash Outflows over a 30-day period. The quarterly simple average is computed based on the daily LCR for the 
quarter and is calculated in accordance with the requirements of CBK circular number 2/RB/345/2014 dated 23 December 2014. 
(11) Loans, advances and Islamic financing to customers (as set out in the statement of financial position in the Interim Financial 
Statements and in the 2021 Financial Statements) divided by the sum of customer deposits and deposits from financial institutions. 
(12) Loans, advances and Islamic financing to customers divided by the sum of customer deposits, due to banks, deposits from other 
financial institutions and certificates of deposits issued (the latter as set out in the statement of financial position in the Interim 
Financial Statements and in the 2021 Financial Statements). 
(13) The sum of cash and short term funds, Central Bank of Kuwait bonds, Kuwaiti Government treasury bonds, deposits with banks 
and investment securities (each as set out in the statement of financial position in the Interim Financial Statements and in each of 
the Annual Financial Statements) excluding investment securities at amortised cost (as set out in note 14 to each of the Annual 
Financial Statements and which amounted to KD 909,142 thousand and KD 882,538 thousand as at 30 June in each of 2022 and 
2021, respectively), divided by total assets (as set out in the statement of financial position in the Interim Financial Statements and 
in the 2021 Financial Statements). 
(14) Calculated in accordance with CBK circular number 2/RB, RBA/A336/2014 dated 24 June 2014.

--- Page 121 ---
104 
 
(15) Common Equity Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio is defined as Common Equity Tier 1 capital divided by risk-weighted assets at a given 
date (as set out in note 29 to the 2021 Financial Statements). 
(16) Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio is defined as Tier 1 capital resources divided by risk-weighted assets at a given date. 
(17) Total capital adequacy ratio is defined as total capital resources divided by risk-weighted assets at a given date. 
(18) Calculated in accordance with the requirements of CBK circular no. 2/BS/342/2014 dated 21 October 2014. Leverage ratio is 
defined as the "capital" measure (being Tier 1 capital) divided by the "exposure" measure (being the sum of on-balance sheet assets, 
derivative exposures and off-balance sheet exposures). 
(19) Calculated in accordance with the requirements of CBK circular number 2/BS/356/2015 dated 25 October 2015 from 2018.

--- Page 122 ---
105 
 
SELECTED STATISTICAL DATA 
The following selected statistical data is included for analytical purposes and has been taken or derived from 
the Financial Statements or unaudited management accounts based on accounting records. This section 
should be read in conjunction with the information in "Selected Consolidated Financial Data", 
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and the Annual 
Financial Statements appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. For further information, see also 
"Presentation of Certain Financial and other Information—Average Balances and Interest Rates". To the 
extent that selected statistical data as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2022 and 2021 has not been 
provided, such data is not produced or is not available to the same extent as at the year-end. 
AVERAGE BALANCES AND RATIO INFORMATION 
The following tables show the average balances of the Group's assets and liabilities and the related interest 
income or expense for the years indicated. For the purposes of the following tables, the average balances 
have been calculated on the basis of quarterly averages. 
 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2022 
2021 
 
Average balance 
Interest 
earned/paid 
Average 
yield/ 
rate 
Average balance 
Interest 
earned/paid 
Averag
e yield/ 
rate 
 
Amount 
% of 
total 
Amount 
% of 
total 
% 
Amount 
% of 
total 
Amount 
% of 
total 
% 
 
(KD thousands, except percentages) 
Income-earning assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and short term funds and deposits 
with banks .......................................  
6,067,908 
18.8 
23,464 
4.7 
0.78 
5,484,490 
18.6 
13,389 
3.1 
0.49 
Central Bank of Kuwait bonds .............  
836,243 
2.6 
5,487 
1.1 
1.32 
830,350 
2.8 
4,942 
1.1 
1.20 
Kuwait Government treasury bonds .....  
317,788 
1.0 
3,048 
0.6 
1.93 
455,572 
1.5 
3,791 
0.9 
1.68 
Loans, advances and Islamic financing 
to customers ....................................  19,970,983 
62.0 
382,473 
76.3 
3.86 
17,952,622 
61.0 
342,267 
78.0 
3.84 
Investment securities ............................  
5,024,886 
15.6 
86,797 
17.3 
3.48 
4,731,133 
16.1 
74,258 
16.9 
3.17 
Total income-earning assets ...............  32,217,808 
100.0 
501,269 
100.0 
3.14 
29,454,168 
100.0 
438,647 
100.0 
3.00 
Cost-bearing liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Due to banks and other financial 
institutions ......................................  
7,530,584 
26.3 
33,754 
22.1 
0.90 
6,585,403 
25.5 
19,128 
18.2 
0.59 
Customer deposits ................................  18,504,187 
64.6 
98,943 
64.7 
1.08 
17,182,624 
66.6 
74,121 
70.6 
0.87 
Certificates of deposit issued ................  
1,294,113 
4.5 
4,469 
2.9 
0.70 
1,232,865 
4.8 
1,981 
1.9 
0.32 
Other borrowed funds ...........................  
1,296,584 
4.5 
15,829 
10.3 
2.46 
807,029 
3.1 
9,816 
9.3 
2.45 
Total cost-bearing liabilities ..............  28,625,667 
100.0 
152,995 
100.0 
1.08 
25,807,921 
100.0 
105,045 
100.0 
0.82 
Net interest spread(1) .............................  
 
 
 
 
2.06 
 
 
 
 
2.18 
Net finance income ..............................  
 
 
 
 
348,274 
 
 
 
 333,602 
Net interest margin(2) ............................  
 
 
 
 
2.18 
 
 
 
 
2.28 
 _______________  
(1) 
Net interest spread is the difference between the yield (finance income divided by average income-earning assets on a quarterly 
basis divided by three) and funding costs (financing cost divided by the average cost-bearing liabilities on a quarterly basis divided 
by three). 
(2) Net interest margin is net finance income divided by average income-earning assets for the period, with average income-earning 
assets calculated as the sum of income-earning assets on a quarterly basis divided by three.

--- Page 123 ---
106 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
Average balance 
Interest 
earned/paid 
Average 
yield/ 
rate 
Average balance 
Interest 
earned/paid 
Average 
yield/ 
rate 
 
Amount 
% of 
total 
Amount 
% of 
total 
% 
Amount 
% of 
total 
Amount 
% of 
total 
% 
 
(KD thousands, except percentages) 
Income-earning assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and short term funds and deposits 
with banks ........................................  
5,693,140 
18.8 
23,435 
2.6 
0.41 
5,332,719 
18.6 
54,698 
5.6 
1.03 
Central Bank of Kuwait bonds .............  
830,388 
2.7 
9,962 
1.1 
1.20 
828,075 
2.9 
15,254 
1.6 
1.84 
Kuwait Government treasury bonds .....  
446,115 
1.5 
7,439 
0.8 
1.67 
558,988 
2.0 
12,541 
1.3 
2.24 
Loans, advances and Islamic financing 
to customers .....................................  
18,508,083 
61.2 
694,275 
78.1 
3.75 
17,396, 036 
60.8 
733,644 
74.7 
4.22 
Investment securities ............................  
4,777,594 
15.8 
153,795 
17.3 
3.22 
4,500,255 
15.7 
165,984 
16.9 
3.69 
Total income-earning assets ...............  
30,255,320 
100.0 
888,905 
100.0 
2.94 
28,616,073 
100.0 
982,121 
100.0 
3.43 
Cost-bearing liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Due to banks and other financial 
institutions ........................................  
6,917,198 
26.0 
39,766 
18.1 
0.57 
6,762,986 
26.9 
89,836 
25.8 
1.33 
Customer deposits ................................  
17,438,787 
65.6 
154,684 
70.4 
0.89 
17,063,694 
67.9 
235,519 
67.6 
1.38 
Certificates of deposit issued ................  
1,281,712 
4.8 
3,401 
1.5 
0.27 
702,996 
2.8 
6,879 
2.0 
0.98 
Other borrowed funds ...........................  
960,105 
3.6 
21,795 
9.9 
2.27 
588,031 
2.3 
16,420 
4.7 
2.79 
Total cost-bearing liabilities ..............  
26,597,802 
100.0 
219,646 
100.0 
0.83 
25,117,707 
100.0 
348,654 
100.0 
1.39 
Net interest spread(1) .............................  
 
 
 
 
2.11 
 
 
 
 
2.04 
Net finance income ..............................  
 
 
 
 
669,259 
 
 
 
 633,467 
Net interest margin(2) ............................  
 
 
 
 
2.21 
 
 
 
 
2.21 
 _______________  
(1) 
Net interest spread is the difference between the yield (finance income divided by average income-earning assets on a quarterly 
basis divided by five) and funding costs (financing cost divided by the average cost-bearing liabilities on a quarterly basis divided 
by five). 
(2) Net interest margin is net finance income divided by average income-earning assets for the year, with average income-earning assets 
calculated as the sum of income-earning assets on a quarterly basis divided by five. 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2019 
 
Average balance 
Interest earned/paid 
Average 
yield/rate 
 
Amount 
% of total 
Amount 
% of total 
% 
 
(KD thousands, except percentages) 
Income-earning assets 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and short term funds and deposits with banks . 
5,222,009 
19.4 
113,605 
9.5 
2.18 
Central Bank of Kuwait bonds ................................. 
818,747 
3.0 
24,391 
2.0 
2.98 
Kuwait Government treasury bonds ......................... 
779,730 
2.9 
23,667 
2.0 
3.04 
Loans, advances and Islamic financing to 
customers ............................................................ 
16,135,504 
60.0 
835,153 
69.7 
5.18 
Investment securities ............................................... 
3,956,960 
14.7 
201,026 
16.8 
5.08 
Total income-earning assets .................................. 
26,912,950 
100.0 
1,197,843 
100.0 
4.45 
Cost-bearing liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
Due to banks and other financial institutions ........... 
7,498,093 
31.6 
166,831 
32.8 
2.22 
Customer deposits ................................................... 
15,247,543 
64.3 
310,296 
61.0 
2.04 
Certificates of deposit issued ................................... 
617,170 
2.6 
17,063 
3.4 
2.76 
Other borrowed funds .............................................. 
350,327 
1.5 
14,429 
2.8 
4.12 
Total cost-bearing liabilities .................................. 
23,713,134 
100.0 
508,619 
100.0 
2.14 
Net interest spread(1) ................................................ 
 
 
 
 
2.31 
Net finance income .................................................. 
 
 
 
 
689,224 
Net interest margin(2) ............................................... 
 
 
 
 
2.56 
___________________________ 
(1) Net interest spread is the difference between the yield (finance income divided by average income-earning assets on a quarterly 
basis divided by five) and funding costs (financing cost divided by the average cost-bearing liabilities on a quarterly basis divided 
by five). 
(2) Net interest margin is net finance income divided by average income-earning assets for the year, with average income-earning assets 
calculated as the sum of income-earning assets on a quarterly basis divided by five.

--- Page 124 ---
107 
 
The following table shows the Group's quarterly net interest margin data for the periods indicated. 
 
30 June 2022 
31 March 
2022 
31 
December 
2021 
30 
September 
2021 
30 June 2021 
Yield on income earning assets(1) ................  
3.32% 
2.95% 
2.86% 
2.90% 
2.98% 
Funding cost on cost-bearing liabilities(2) ...  
1.23% 
0.92% 
0.85% 
0.81% 
0.79% 
Net interest margin(3) ..................................  
2.22% 
2.14% 
2.11% 
2.18% 
2.29% 
 _______________  
(1) 
Yield on income-earning assets is finance income divided by average income earning assets for the period. 
(2) Funding costs on cost-bearing liabilities is financing cost divided by average cost bearing liabilities for the period. 
(3) Net interest margin is net finance income divided by average income-earning assets for the period. 
 
NET CHANGES IN FINANCE INCOME AND FINANCING COST – VOLUME AND RATE 
ANALYSIS 
The following tables show a comparative analysis of net changes in finance income and financing cost by 
reference to changes in average volume and rates for the period indicated. Net changes in net finance income 
are attributed to either changes in average balances (volume changes) or changes in average rates (rate 
change) for income-earning assets and cost-bearing liabilities. Volume change is calculated as the change in 
volume multiplied by the previous rate, while rate change is the change in rate multiplied by the previous 
volume. The rate/volume change (change in rate multiplied by change in volume) is allocated between 
volume change and rate change at the ratio each component bears to the absolute value of their total. Average 
balances represent the average of the quarterly balances for the period. 
 
 
Six months ended 30 June 2022/2021 
 
Increase (decrease) due to changes in 
 
Volume 
Rate 
Net change 
 
Amount 
% of 
total 
Amount 
% of 
total 
Amount 
% of 
total 
 
(KD thousands, except percentage) 
Finance income 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and short term funds, deposits with 
banks(1) ..................................................  
1,552 
3.6 
8,522 
44.6 
10,075 
16.1 
Central Bank of Kuwait bonds...................  
35 
0.1 
510 
2.7 
545 
0.9 
Kuwait Government treasury bonds ..........  
(1,500) 
(3.4) 
757 
4.0 
(743) 
(1.2) 
Loans, advances and Islamic financing to 
customers(1) ...........................................  
38,648 
88.8 
1,558 
8.2 
40,206 
64.2 
Investment securities(1) ..............................  
4,788 
11.0 
7,751 
40.6 
12,539 
20.0 
Total finance income ...............................  
43,523 
100.0 
19,098 
100.0 
62,622 
100.0 
Financing cost 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Due 
to 
banks 
and 
other 
financial 
institutions(1) ..........................................  
3,058 
20.2 
11,568 
35.3 
14,626 
30.5 
Customer deposits(1)...................................  
6,033 
39.8 
18,790 
57.3 
24,823 
51.8 
Certificates of deposit issued .....................  
103 
0.7 
2,385 
7.3 
2,488 
5.2 
Other borrowed funds(1) .............................  
5,976 
39.4 
36 
0.1 
6,013 
12.5 
Total financing cost 
15,170 
100.0 
32,780 
100.0 
47,950 
100.0 
 ________________________________ 
(1) 
These line items aggregate conventional and Islamic income and cost streams.

--- Page 125 ---
108 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2021/2020 
 
Increase (decrease) due to changes in 
 
Volume 
Rate 
Net change 
 
Amount 
% of 
total 
Amount 
% of 
total 
Amount 
% of 
total 
 
(KD thousands, except percentage) 
Finance income 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and short term funds, deposits with 
banks(1) ..................................................  
3,979 
5.9 
(35,242) 
22.0 
(31,263) 
33.5 
Central Bank of Kuwait bonds ..................  
43 
0.1 
(5,335) 
3.3 
(5,292) 
5.7 
Kuwait Government treasury bonds..........  
(2,246) 
(3.3) 
(2,855) 
1.8 
(5,102) 
5.5 
Loans, advances and Islamic financing to 
customers(1) ...........................................  
54,009 
80.3 
(93,379) 
58.2 
(39,369) 
42.2 
Investment securities(1) ..............................  
11,452 
17.0 
(23,641) 
14.7 
(12,190) 
13.1 
Total finance income ...............................  
67,236 
100.0 
(160,453) 
100.0 
(93,216) 
100.0 
Financing cost 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Due to banks and other financial 
institutions(1) ..........................................  
2,097 
10.1 
(52,167) 
34.8 
(50,070) 
38.8 
Customer deposits(1) ..................................  
5,298 
25.6 
(86,134) 
57.5 
(80,835) 
62.7 
Certificates of deposit issued(2) .................  
5,663 
27.4 
(9,141) 
6.1 
(3,478) 
2.7 
Other borrowed funds(1) ............................  
7,631 
36.9 
(2,256) 
1.5 
5,375 
(4.2) 
Total financing cost.................................  
20,689 
100.0 
(149,697) 
100.0 
(129,008) 
100.0 
Net change in net finance income ..........  
46,547 
 
(10,755) 
 
35,792 
 
 _______________  
(1) 
These line items aggregate conventional and Islamic income and cost streams. 
(2) Rate/volume change amounting to KD (4.1) million has been considered in its entirety in rate change for December 2021/December 
2020. 
 
Year ended 31 December 2020/2019 
 
Increase (decrease) due to changes in 
 
Volume 
Rate 
Net change 
 
Amount 
% of 
total 
Amount 
% of 
total 
Amount 
% of 
total 
 
(KD thousands, except percentage) 
Finance income 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and short term funds, deposits with 
banks(1) .................................................... 
2,462 
2.3 
(61,369) 
19.1 
(58,907) 
27.3 
Central Bank of Kuwait bonds .................... 
281 
0.3 
(9,418) 
2.9 
(9,137) 
4.2 
Kuwait Government treasury bonds............ 
(5,790) 
(5.5) 
(5,335) 
1.7 
(11,126) 
5.2 
Loans, advances and Islamic financing to 
customers(1) ............................................. 
74,059 
69.7 
(175,568) 
54.5 
(101,509) 
47.1 
Investment securities(1) ................................ 
35,197 
33.1 
(70,239) 
21.8 
(35,042) 
16.2 
Total finance income ................................. 
106,209 
100.0 
(321,930) 
100.0 
(215,721) 
100.0 
Financing cost 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Due to banks and other financial 
institutions(1) ............................................ 
(15,066) 
(42.5) 
(61,929) 
31.7 
(76,995) 
48.1 
Customer deposits(1) .................................... 
43,949 
123.9 
(118,726) 
60.8 
(74,777) 
46.7 
Certificates of deposit issued ...................... 
2,793 
7.9 
(12,977) 
6.6 
(10,184) 
6.4 
Other borrowed funds(1) .............................. 
3,790 
10.7 
(1,799) 
0.9 
1,991 
(1.2) 
Total financing cost................................... 
35,466 
100.0 
(195,431) 
100.0 
(159,965) 
100.0 
Net change in net finance income ............ 
70,743 
 
(126,499) 
 
(55,757) 
 
 _______________  
(1) 
These line items aggregate conventional and Islamic income and cost streams.

--- Page 126 ---
109 
 
NET FINANCE INCOME AND NET OPERATING INCOME – GEOGRAPHICAL ANALYSIS 
The tables below show a geographical analysis of net finance income and net operating income for the periods 
indicated. 
 
Six months ended 30 June 2022 
 
Domestic 
International 
Total 
 
(KD thousands) 
Net finance income ....................................................................  
252,832 
95,442 
348,274 
Net operating income .................................................................  
362,403 
117,754 
480,157 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
Domestic 
International 
Total 
 
(KD thousands) 
Net finance income ....................................................................  
492,738 
176,521 
669,259 
Net operating income .................................................................  
682,289 
224,029 
906,318 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2020 
 
Domestic 
International 
Total 
 
(KD thousands) 
Net finance income ....................................................................  
470,799 
162,668 
633,467 
Net operating income ................................................................  
636,422 
206,099 
842,521 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2019 
 
Domestic 
International 
Total 
 
(KD thousands) 
Net finance income ....................................................................  
507,790 
181,434 
689,224 
Net operating income .................................................................  
674,849 
220,668 
895,517 
 
CUSTOMER LOAN PORTFOLIO - ANALYSIS 
The following table shows the Group's customer loan portfolio comprising loans, advances and Islamic 
financing to customers, net of impairment allowances, by type as at the dates indicated. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(KD thousands) 
Corporate .................................................................................. 
13,331,508 
12,106,352 
11,423,765 
Retail ........................................................................................ 
7,024,487 
6,085,214 
5,637,569 
Less:  allowance for impairment ............................................... 
(633,524) 
(687,224) 
(508,736) 
Total loans, advances and Islamic financing to customers, 
net ............................................................................................ 
19,722,471 
17,504,342 
16,552,598 
 
The following table shows the Group's customer loan portfolio net of impairment allowances as at the dates 
indicated specified by location of the Group's markets and customers. 
 
MENA 
Other 
Total 
Impairment 
allowances 
Net Total 
 
(KD thousands) 
Loans, advances and Islamic 
financing, net 
 
 
 
 
 
At 31 December 2021 ........................... 
17,778,524 
2,577,471 
20,355,995 
(633,524) 
19,722,471 
At 31 December 2020 ........................... 
15,986,938 
2,204,628 
18,191,566 
(687,224) 
17,504,342 
At 31 December 2019 ........................... 
15,306,586 
1,754,748 
17,061,334 
(508,736) 
16,552,598 
 
The following table shows the Group's customer loan portfolio by maturity as at the dates indicated. 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
Amount 
% of total 
Amount 
% of total 
Amount 
% of total 
Amount 
% of total 
 
(KD thousands, except percentages) 
Demand of less than 3 
months .............................. 
5,797,854 
28.8% 
5,278,548 
26.8% 
5,094,225 
29.1% 
4,082,071 
24.7% 
From 3 to 12 months ......... 
2,360,183 
11.7% 
2,336,434 
11.8% 
2,021,684 
11.5% 
2,653,219 
16.0%

--- Page 127 ---
110 
 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
Amount 
% of total 
Amount 
% of total 
Amount 
% of total 
Amount 
% of total 
 
(KD thousands, except percentages) 
Above 1 year ..................... 11,980,300 
59.5% 12,107,489 
61.4% 10,388,433 
59.3% 
9,817,308 
59.3% 
Total ................................. 20,138,337 
100.0% 19,722,471 
100.0% 17,504,342 
100% 16,552,598 
100.0% 
 
The following table shows the composition of the Group's gross customer loan portfolio by currency exposure 
as at the dates indicated. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(KD thousands) 
Currency 
 
 
 
KD ................................................................................................. 
12,752,745 
11,874,650 
11,274,488 
Other(1) ........................................................................................... 
7,603,250 
6,316,916 
5,786,845 
Total .............................................................................................. 
20,355,995 
18,191,566 
17,061,334 
 _______________  
(1) 
Other comprises currency exposure from other currencies, namely, in order of largest exposure, the U.S. dollars, Egyptian pounds, 
pounds sterling and other currencies. 
The following table shows the Group's non-performing loans, advances and Islamic financing to customers 
as at the dates indicated. 
 
As at 31 December 
Change from prior period 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2021/2020 
2020/2019 
 
(KD thousands, except percentage) 
Neither past due nor impaired(1) ........ 
20,022,612 
17,698,936 
16,749,070 
2,323,676 
949,866 
Past due and not impaired(2) .............. 
122,229 
180,249 
125,361 
(58,020) 
54,888 
Past due and impaired(3) .................... 
211,154 
312,381 
186,903 
(101,227) 
125,478 
Total loans, advances and Islamic 
financing .......................................... 
20,355,995 
18,191,566 
17,061,334 
2,164,429 
1,130,232 
Less:  allowance for impairment ....... 
633,524 
687,224 
508,736 
53,700 
178,488 
Total ................................................. 
19,722,471 
17,504,342 
16,552,598 
2,218,129 
951,744 
Allowance for loan impairment as a 
percentage of total loans, advances 
and Islamic financing .................... 
3.1% 
3.7% 
3.0% 
-0.7% 
0.7% 
Allowance for loan impairment as a 
percentage of non-performing 
loans, advances and Islamic 
financing ....................................... 
300.0% 
220.0% 
272.2% 
80.0% 
-52.2% 
Non-performing loans as a 
percentage of total loans, advances 
and Islamic financing .................... 
1.0% 
1.7% 
1.1% 
-0.7% 
0.6% 
 _______________  
(1) 
Loans, advances and Islamic financing to customers that are neither past due nor show any evidence of impairment. 
(2) 
Loans, advances and Islamic financing to customers between one and 90 days past due are not considered impaired, unless evidence 
is available to indicate the contrary. 
(3) Loans, advances and Islamic financing to customers over 90 days past due. 
The following table shows the total amount of past due but not impaired loans, advances and Islamic 
financing to customers as at the dates indicated. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(KD thousands) 
Up to 30 days past due ................................................................... 
79,533 
113,802 
74,582 
Past due 31-60 days ....................................................................... 
33,659 
51,056 
40,036 
Past due 61-90 days ....................................................................... 
9,037 
15,391 
10,743 
Total .............................................................................................. 
122,229 
180,249 
125,361 
 
The following table shows the Group's total amount of past due but not impaired loans, advances and Islamic 
financing to customers by business segment as at the dates indicated.

--- Page 128 ---
111 
 
 
As at 31 December 2021 
As at 31 December 2020 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
Corporate 
Retail 
Total 
Corporate 
Retail 
Total 
Corporate 
Retail 
Total 
 
(KD thousands) 
Up to 30 days 
past due ...........  
50,137 
29,396 
79,533 
76,833 
36,969 
113,802 
31,800 
42,782 
74,582 
Past due 31-60 
days .................  
8,401 
25,258 
33,659 
20,695 
30,361 
51,056 
21,309 
18,727 
40,036 
Past due 61-90 
days .................  
2,479 
6,558 
9,037 
8,952 
6,439 
15,391 
6,611 
4,132 
10,743 
Total ...............  
61,017 
61,212 
122,229 
106,480 
73,769 
180,249 
59,720 
65,641 
125,361 
 
The following table shows the Group's impaired loans, advances and Islamic financing to customers by 
business segment as at the dates indicated. Impairment is identified as the difference between the asset's 
carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows discounted at the financial asset's 
original effective interest rate. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
Corporate ....................................................................................... 
118,171 
208,322 
84,723 
Retail ............................................................................................. 
92,983 
104,059 
102,180 
Total .............................................................................................. 
211,154 
312,381 
186,903 
 
The following table shows the Group's gross customer loan portfolio by industry before allowance for 
impairment as at the dates indicated. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
Amount 
% of total 
Amount 
% of total 
Amount 
% of total 
 
(KD thousands, except percentages) 
Trade and 
commerce ...............  
1,106,108 
5% 
1,307,067  
7% 
1,354,041 
8% 
Manufacturing ........  
1,674,300 
8% 
1,474,805  
8% 
1,198,526 
7% 
Financial .................  
1,581,926 
8% 
1,193,787  
7% 
1,211,483 
7% 
Construction ...........  
436,098 
2% 
469,568  
3% 
282,395 
2% 
Real estate...............  
3,969,189 
19% 
3,860,211  
21% 
3,555,907 
21% 
Retail ......................  
7,024,487 
35% 
6,085,214  
33% 
5,637,569 
33% 
Crude oil and gas ....  
1,405,816 
7% 
1,231,114 
7% 
1,349,578 
8% 
Purchase of 
securities .................  
766,655 
4% 
714,143 
4% 
749,538 
4% 
Others .....................  
2,391,416 
12% 
1,855,657  
10% 
1,722,297 
10% 
Total .......................  
20,355,995 
100% 
18,191,566 
100% 
17,061,334 
100% 
 
DEPOSITS 
Deposits placed with the Group comprise customer deposits, amounts due to banks, deposits from other 
financial institutions and certificates of deposit issued. The following table shows the types of deposits placed 
with the Group as at the dates indicated. 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(KD thousands) 
Customer deposits ..........................................  
18,920,892 
18,280,989 
17,104,232 
15,930,577 
Due to banks ..................................................  
3,979,719 
4,098,688 
3,052,326 
3,605,888 
Deposits from other financial institutions ......  
3,773,338 
3,135,629 
2,929,247 
3,976,041 
Certificates of deposit issued .........................  
1,350,557 
1,339,354 
918,862 
538,611 
Total deposits ...............................................  
28,024,506 
26,854,660 
24,004,667 
24,051,117 
 
The following table shows customer deposits placed with the Group by location as at the dates indicated. 
 
As at 30 
June 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(KD thousands) 
Domestic ..................................................................................... 
13,167,200 
12,882,265 
12,849,741 
11,597,598

--- Page 129 ---
112 
 
 
As at 30 
June 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(KD thousands) 
International ................................................................................ 
5,753,692 
5,398,724 
4,254,491 
4,332,979 
Total customer deposits ............................................................ 
18,920,892 
18,280,989 
17,104,232 
15,930,577 
 
MATURITY PROFILE 
The following tables show the maturity profile of the Group's major assets and liabilities as at the dates 
indicated. The contractual maturities of assets and liabilities have been determined based on contractual cash 
flows and maturity dates. This does not necessarily take account of effective maturities. The Group defines 
effective maturities as maturities reflecting customer behaviour patterns. 
 
As at 30 June 2022 
 
Up to 3 
months 
3 to 12 months 
Over 1 year 
Total 
 
(KD thousands) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Cash and short term funds, deposits with banks.......... 
6,135,177 
114,830 
5,632 
6,255,639 
Central Bank of Kuwait bonds .................................... 
377,592 
470,387 
- 
847,979 
Kuwait Government treasury bonds............................ 
50,000 
15,000 
201,887 
266,887 
Loans, advances and Islamic financing to customers .. 
5,797,854 
2,360,183 
11,980,300 
20,138,337 
Investment securities .................................................. 
404,411 
815,895 
3,914,371 
5,134,677 
Investment in associates.............................................. 
- 
- 
3,619 
3,619 
Land, premises and equipment.................................... 
- 
- 
464,005 
464,005 
Goodwill and other intangible assets .......................... 
- 
- 
570,998 
570,998 
Other assets ................................................................. 
347,493 
40,519 
212,534 
600,546 
Total assets ................................................................ 
13,112,527 
3,816,814 
17,353,346 
34,282,687 
Liabilities and equity 
 
 
 
 
Due to banks ............................................................... 
3,410,154 
569,381 
184 
3,979,719 
Deposits from other financial institutions ................... 
2,150,886 
1,620,919 
1,533 
3,773,338 
Customer deposits ....................................................... 
14,931,277 
3,394,624 
594,991 
18,920,892 
Certificates of deposit issued ...................................... 
1,174,052 
176,505 
- 
1,350,557 
Other borrowed funds ................................................. 
5,804 
- 
1,195,147 
1,200,951 
Other liabilities ........................................................... 
456,314 
14,288 
128,986 
599,588 
Share capital and reserves ........................................... 
- 
- 
3,378,417 
3,378,417 
Proposed cash dividend .............................................. 
75,523 
- 
- 
75,523 
Perpetual Tier 1 Capital Securities .............................. 
- 
- 
439,032 
439,032 
Non-controlling interests ............................................ 
- 
- 
564,670 
564,670 
Total liabilities and equity ........................................ 
22,204,010 
5,775,717 
6,302,960 
34,282,687 
Liquidity gap(1) .......................................................... 
(9,091,483) 
(1,958,903) 
11,050,386 
- 
Cumulative liquidity gap .......................................... 
(9,091,483) 
(11,050,386) 
- 
- 
 _______________  
(1) This figure represents the maturity gap between total assets and total liabilities, and is the sum of (A) the maturity gaps between 
assets and liabilities maturing in less than three months, between three months and twelve months and more than one year, and (B) 
assets with no maturity less liabilities with no maturity. 
 
 
As at 31 December 2021 
 
Up to 3 
months 
3 to 12 months 
Over 1 year 
Total 
 
(KD thousands) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Cash and short term funds, deposits with banks.......... 
5,873,904 
91,712 
1,655 
5,967,271 
Central Bank of Kuwait bonds .................................... 
443,890 
386,164 
- 
830,054 
Kuwait Government treasury bonds............................ 
140,346 
50,000 
226,670 
417,016 
Loans, advances and Islamic financing to customers .. 
5,278,548 
2,336,434 
12,107,489 
19,722,471 
Investment securities .................................................. 
596,330 
555,895 
3,758,573 
4,910,798 
Investment in associates.............................................. 
- 
- 
3,746 
3,746 
Land, premises and equipment.................................... 
- 
- 
456,209 
456,209 
Goodwill and other intangible assets .......................... 
- 
- 
581,264 
581,264 
Other assets ................................................................. 
301,404 
30,758 
35,595 
367,757 
Total assets ................................................................ 
12,634,422 
3,450,963 
17,171,201 
33,256,586 
Liabilities and equity 
 
 
 
 
Due to banks ............................................................... 
3,538,646 
552,262 
7,780 
4,098,688 
Deposits from other financial institutions ................... 
1,808,888 
1,321,022 
5,719 
3,135,629

--- Page 130 ---
113 
 
 
As at 31 December 2021 
 
Up to 3 
months 
3 to 12 months 
Over 1 year 
Total 
 
(KD thousands) 
Customer deposits ....................................................... 
14,667,393 
2,868,447 
745,149 
18,280,989 
Certificates of deposit issued ...................................... 
1,029,689 
309,665 
- 
1,339,354 
Other borrowed funds ................................................. 
- 
240,109 
1,026,473 
1,266,582 
Other liabilities ........................................................... 
430,898 
11,106 
226,223 
668,227 
Share capital and reserves ........................................... 
- 
- 
3,323,786 
3,323,786 
Proposed cash dividend .............................................. 
215,781 
- 
- 
215,781 
Perpetual Tier 1 Capital Securities .............................. 
- 
- 
439,032 
439,032 
Non-controlling interests ............................................ 
- 
- 
488,518 
488,518 
Total liabilities and equity ........................................ 
21,691,295 
5,302,611 
6,262,680 
33,256,586 
Liquidity gap(1) .......................................................... 
(9,056,873) 
(1,851,648) 
10,908,521 
- 
Cumulative liquidity gap .......................................... 
(9,056,873) 
(10,908,521) 
- 
- 
 _______________  
(1) 
This figure represents the maturity gap between total assets and total liabilities, and is the sum of (A) the maturity gaps between 
assets and liabilities maturing in less than three months, between three months and twelve months and more than one year, and (B) 
assets with no maturity less liabilities with no maturity. 
 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
Up to 3 
months 
3 to 12 months 
Over 1 year 
Total 
 
(KD thousands) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Cash and short term funds, deposits with banks .........  
4,735,951 
165,864 
28,929 
4,930,744 
Central Bank of Kuwait bonds....................................  
518,803 
311,430 
- 
830,233 
Kuwait Government treasury bonds ...........................  
- 
35,500 
427,422 
462,922 
Loans, advances and Islamic financing to customers ..  
5,094,225 
2,021,684 
10,388,433 
17,504,342 
Investment securities ..................................................  
517,128 
752,978 
3,458,672 
4,728,778 
Investment in associates .............................................  
- 
- 
5,195 
5,195 
Land, premises and equipment ...................................  
- 
- 
426,963 
426,963 
Goodwill and other intangible assets ..........................  
- 
- 
581,881 
581,881 
Other assets ................................................................  
157,800 
23,223 
65,310 
246,333 
Total assets .................................................................  
11,023,907 
3,310,679 
15,382,805 
29,717,391 
Liabilities and equity 
 
 
 
 
Due to banks ...............................................................  
2,753,352 
298,696 
278 
3,052,326 
Deposits from other financial institutions ...................  
2,125,545 
792,989 
10,713 
2,929,247 
Customer deposits ......................................................  
14,636,146 
1,811,947 
656,139 
17,104,232 
Certificates of deposit issued ......................................  
633,231 
285,631 
- 
918,862 
Other borrowed funds .................................................  
- 
- 
808,665 
808,665 
Other liabilities ...........................................................  
429,421 
16,101 
317,482 
763,004 
Share capital and reserves ...........................................  
- 
- 
3,173,005 
3,173,005 
Proposed cash dividend ..............................................  
137,004 
- 
- 
137,004 
Perpetual Tier 1 Capital Securities .............................  
- 
- 
438,438 
438,438 
Non-controlling interests ............................................  
- 
- 
392,608 
392,608 
Total liabilities and equity ........................................  
20,714,699 
3,205,364 
5,797,328 
29,717,391 
Liquidity gap(1) ..........................................................  
(9,690,792) 
105,315 
9,585,477 
- 
Cumulative liquidity gap ..........................................  
(9,690,792) 
(9,585,477) 
- 
- 
 _______________  
(1) This figure represents the maturity gap between total assets and total liabilities, and is the sum of (A) the maturity gaps between 
assets and liabilities maturing in less than three months, between three months and twelve months and more than one year, and (B) 
assets with no maturity less liabilities with no maturity. 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
Up to 3 
months 
3 to 12 months 
Over 1 year 
Total 
 
(KD thousands) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Cash and short term funds, deposits with banks ......... 
5,281,618 
411,747 
2,889 
5,696,254 
Central Bank of Kuwait bonds.................................... 
515,775 
307,454 
- 
823,229 
Kuwait Government treasury bonds ........................... 
77,000 
144,000 
441,175 
662,175 
Loans, advances and Islamic financing to customers .. 
4,082,071 
2,653,219 
9,817,308 
16,552,598 
Investment securities .................................................. 
462,839 
467,986 
3,283,737 
4,214,562 
Investment in associates ............................................. 
- 
- 
35,297 
35,297 
Land, premises and equipment ................................... 
- 
- 
433,540 
433,540 
Goodwill and other intangible assets .......................... 
- 
- 
582,927 
582,927 
Other assets ................................................................ 
168,883 
33,695 
67,593 
270,171

--- Page 131 ---
114 
 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
Up to 3 
months 
3 to 12 months 
Over 1 year 
Total 
 
(KD thousands) 
Total assets ................................................................ 
10,588,186 
4,018,101 
14,664,466 
29,270,753 
Liabilities and equity 
 
 
 
 
Due to banks ............................................................... 
2,994,022 
611,605 
261 
3,605,888 
Deposits from other financial institutions 
2,723,467 
1,125,037 
127,537 
3,976,041 
Customer deposits ...................................................... 
12,359,638 
2,953,053 
617,886 
15,930,577 
Certificates of deposit issued ...................................... 
327,415 
211,196 
- 
538,611 
Other borrowed funds ................................................. 
- 
- 
351,960 
351,960 
Other liabilities ........................................................... 
423,853 
9,063 
175,600 
608,516 
Share capital and reserves ........................................... 
- 
- 
3,207,371 
3,207,371 
Proposed cash dividend .............................................. 
226,373 
- 
- 
226,373 
Perpetual Tier 1 Capital Securities ............................. 
- 
- 
438,438 
438,438 
Non-controlling interests ............................................ 
- 
- 
386,978 
386,978 
Total liabilities and equity ........................................ 
19,054,768 
4,909,954 
5,306,031 
29,270,753 
Liquidity gap(1) .......................................................... 
(8,466,582) 
(891,853) 
9,358,435 
- 
Cumulative liquidity gap .......................................... 
(8,466,582) 
(9,358,435) 
- 
- 
 ________________________ 
(1) 
This figure represents the maturity gap between total assets and total liabilities, and is the sum of (A) the maturity gaps between 
assets and liabilities maturing in less than three months, between three months and twelve months and more than one year, and (B) 
assets with no maturity less liabilities with no maturity. 
INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO 
The following table shows details of the Group's investment securities measured at amortised cost as at the 
dates indicated. 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(KD thousands) 
Debt securities – Government (Non-Kuwait)... 
909,142 
970,431 
833,188 
810,156 
Central Bank of Kuwait bonds ......................... 
847,979 
830,054 
830,233 
823,229 
Kuwait Government treasury bonds................. 
266,887 
417,016 
462,922 
662,175 
Total ................................................................ 
2,024,008 
2,217,501 
2,126,343 
2,295,560 
 
The following table shows details of the Group's investment securities measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income at the dates indicated. 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(KD thousands) 
Debt securities – Government (Non-Kuwait)... 
2,138,016 
2,059,801 
1,813,428 
1,661,773 
Debt securities – Non-Government .................. 
1,735,211 
1,577,733 
1,787,677 
1,510,270 
Equities ............................................................ 
39,045 
39,135 
37,531 
43,125 
Total ................................................................ 
3,912,272 
3,676,709 
3,638,636 
3,215,168 
 
RETURN ON EQUITY AND ASSETS 
The following table shows the Group's return on average assets, return on equity, equity payout ratio and 
equity to assets ratio as at the dates, and for the periods, indicated. 
 
As at six months ended 
30 June 
As at/year ended 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(per cent.) 
Return on average assets(1) .........................................  
1.42 
1.05 
1.15 
0.82 
1.42 
Return on equity(2) .....................................................  
13.6 
9.2 
10.2 
7.0 
12.3 
Equity payout ratio(3) .................................................  
31.8 
n/a 
59.6 
55.6 
56.4 
Equity to asset ratio(4) ................................................  
10.0 
10.6 
10.5 
10.5 
11.2 
 _______________  
(1) 
Profit for the period attributable to shareholders of the Bank divided by average total assets for the period, with average total assets 
calculated as the sum of assets on a quarterly basis divided by five (for annual periods) and three (for quarterly periods). 
(2) 
Profit for the period attributable to shareholders of the Bank less interest paid on Tier 1 Capital (which is not included in 
shareholders' equity) divided by average shareholders' equity (being equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank as set out in the 
consolidated statement of financial position in the Interim Financial Statements and in the 2021 Financial Statements) for the period.

--- Page 132 ---
115 
 
Average shareholders' equity for the period is calculated as the sum of shareholders' equity excluding proposed dividend on a 
quarterly basis divided by five (for annual periods) and three (for quarterly periods). 
(3) 
Proposed dividends for the period divided by profit for the period attributable to shareholders of the Bank. 
(4) Average shareholders' equity for the period divided by average total assets for the period, with average shareholders' equity and 
average total assets each calculated as described above.

--- Page 133 ---
116 
 
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
The following discussion of the Group's results of operations and financial condition should be read in 
conjunction with "Selected Consolidated Financial Data" and the Financial Statements which appear 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. For further information, see also "Presentation of Certain Financial and 
other Information". 
This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The 
Group's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as 
a result of various factors, including those discussed below and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, 
particularly under the heading "Risk Factors". 
Financial information in this section as at, and for the six months ended, 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021 is 
unaudited. Financial results for any interim period in a year are not necessarily indicative of the likely 
financial results for the full year. 
OVERVIEW 
The Group was the first indigenous bank and the first shareholding company to be established in Kuwait. It 
is the only banking group in Kuwait to have access to both the conventional and Islamic banking markets. 
The Group's core businesses are consumer and private banking, corporate banking, Islamic banking (offered 
through its majority-owned subsidiary, Boubyan Bank) and investment banking and asset management 
(offered through its majority-owned subsidiary, NBK Capital). The Group is a regional banking group, 
focused on offering its products and services in Kuwait and other countries within the MENA region, 
including Bahrain, Egypt, Iraq, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, in each of which it has 
a presence through a subsidiary or branches. 
The Group currently operates through six financial reporting segments: 
• 
Consumer and private banking; 
• 
Corporate banking; 
• 
Investment banking and asset management; 
• 
Islamic banking; 
• 
Group centre; and 
• 
International. 
The Group's strategy is built on three cornerstones which guide the priorities that it sets for each business 
unit and internal function. These cornerstones are: 
• 
defending its core business, which is conventional retail and wholesale banking in Kuwait, by 
maintaining its market share and achieving above market growth in target segments; 
• 
growing outside its core business, including through Islamic finance both within and outside Kuwait, 
continuous expansion in the MENA region, particularly Egypt and the GCC, and building a global 
network that facilitates its clients' trade and investments; and 
• 
improving profitability in terms of cost to income and return on equity by introducing capital 
productivity into day-to-day decision making. 
As at 30 June 2022, and based on the Group's financial statements and the publicly available financial 
statements of the Group's main domestic competitors for the same period, the Group was the largest bank in 
Kuwait in terms of: (i) total assets; (ii) total loans (which, in the Group's case, also includes Islamic financing 
to customers); and (iii) total customer deposits.

--- Page 134 ---
117 
 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group's customer loan portfolio amounted to KD 20,138 million and its total customer 
deposits were KD 18,921 million. In the six months ended 30 June 2022, the Group's net operating income 
was KD 480 million and its profit for the period was KD 249 million, of which KD 238 million was 
attributable to shareholders of the Bank. In 2021, the Group's net operating income was KD 906 million and 
its profit for the year was KD 381 million, of which KD 362 million was attributable to shareholders of the 
Bank. 
SIGNIFICANT FACTORS AFFECTING RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
The following is a discussion of the principal factors that have affected, or are expected to affect, the Group's 
results of operations. 
Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic 
The geographic expanse and operational nature of the Group's business has meant that the COVID-19 
pandemic has had a significant impact. Net profit attributable to shareholders for 2020 was KD 246 million, 
a decrease of 38.6 per cent. compared to 2019, principally reflecting the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.  
In 2021, reflecting the easing of COVID-19 containment measures coupled with higher oil prices and 
improving global macro-economic conditions, the Group's profit for the year attributable to shareholders of 
the Bank was KD 362 million, an increase of 47.1 per cent. compared to 2020. In the six months ended 30 
June 2022, the Group's profit for the period attributable to shareholders of the Bank was KD 237.8 million, 
an increase of 47.9 per cent. compared to the corresponding period in 2021. 
The Group's business was impacted in most of its locations leading to more challenging operating 
environments across the Group's network. In Kuwait, the domestic economy in 2020 was similarly pressured 
due to long periods of curfews which negatively impacted the Group's operations. The CSB estimates GDP 
in Kuwait to have contracted by around 8.9 per cent. in 2020 due to the restrictive measures implemented in 
Kuwait. As a result, the Group downgraded certain exposures which increased its expected credit losses in 
2020. The Group also increased its general provisions for 2020. The first COVID-19 case was confirmed in 
Kuwait on 24 February 2020, followed by a sequence of government decisions that started with business 
closures on 9 March 2020 and escalated to a complete lockdown during the month of May in 2020. Kuwait 
began a gradual opening of the economy in the beginning of June 2020 and by the end of 2020 Kuwait was 
in phase four of the five-phased plan to return to normal activity. 
Since the beginning of the pandemic and curfew measure implementation, the Group worked closely with 
the Government and the Central Bank of Kuwait to provide support to the economy in a quick and efficient 
way and to support its customers in their financial needs. Moreover, the Group supported the Government's 
efforts to combat the spread of the pandemic by contributing to the KD 10 million fund created by Central 
Bank of Kuwait and donated KD 1 million to Kuwait's Red Crescent Society. The Central Bank of Kuwait 
initiated macro-prudential measures and reduced certain regulatory requirements in an effort to increase the 
banking sector's resilience and enable it to play a more active role throughout the crisis. These measures 
included lowering the banking sector's capital and liquidity requirements and reducing the discount rate to 
historically low levels which reached 1.5 per cent in 2020 (currently at 2.75 per cent.). The Group also took 
proactive measures and activated emergency plans during the early stages of the crisis in order to protect its 
employees and ensure business continuity including strict health and precautionary controls to ensure a safe 
environment for its staff and customers. Concurrently, the Group sought to leverage the flexibility of its 
business model, providing support and advice to customers facing financial difficulties and relying heavily 
on the Group's digital capabilities to maintain the level of service quality and accessibility that customers 
would expect in normal times. In this context, and without jeopardising the Group's future business plans, 
the Group initiated cost-cutting initiatives to reduce the impact of the pandemic on profitability. In 
coordination with the Central Bank of Kuwait and the Kuwait Banking Association, the Group participated 
in all initiatives aimed at lifting the pressures customers were facing. For example, the Group extended 
support to customers by suspending fees on POS terminals, ATMs and digital channels for three months in 
2020 and increased the limit for contactless payments. In addition, the Group provided support to individuals 
by deferring consumer loans, instalment loans and credit card instalments for a period of six months in 2020 
for all customers. The Group also provided support financing to individuals, SMEs, and economic entities 
impacted by the COVID-19 crisis. 
The curfew restrictions and slower economic activity, especially during the second quarter of 2020, had a 
significant adverse impact on the Group. The decrease in interest rates resulted in a reduction in the Group's 
interest margins while lower transaction volumes resulted in lower fees and commission income.

--- Page 135 ---
118 
 
Additionally, the impact of non-oil GDP contraction, lower oil prices and lockdown measures increased the 
level of uncertainty around cash flows for certain of the Group's customers, which led to a significant increase 
in provision charges. 
The Group along with other Kuwaiti banks implemented the consumer and other instalment loans deferral 
scheme by postponing the instalments falling due within the six months period from 1 April 2020 to 30 
September 2020 with a corresponding extension of the facility tenure at no cost to the borrowers. The 
instalment deferral resulted in a loss of KD 150 million across the consumer and other instalment loan 
portfolio arising from the modification of contractual cash-flows as the Group continued to fund the 
respective amounts for the periods concerned. The loss attributable to Bank's equity shareholders amounted 
to KD 130 million in 2020 and was charged to retained earnings and the remaining loss to the non-controlling 
interest. 
In 2021, as approved by the Kuwaiti parliament and in accordance with a Central Bank of Kuwait circular, 
the Group postponed instalments under consumer and instalment loans to eligible customers for a six-month 
period from the customer request date with a corresponding extension of the facility tenure and cancellation 
of interest and profits that would have been due in the deferred period. This instalment deferral resulted in a 
loss to the Group arising from the modification of contractual cash-flows, amounting to KD 140 million in 
accordance with IFRS 9. This loss was offset by an equivalent amount receivable from the Government of 
Kuwait as a Government grant, which is included in other assets in the interim condensed consolidated 
statement of financial position. 
As at 30 June 2022, the COVID-19 crisis, with approximately 492 million confirmed cases and approximately 
6.1 million deaths reported globally (according to data published by the World Health Organization), is 
ongoing. The ultimate scale and economic impact of the crisis remain unknown and due to the continued 
identification of new variants, such as the omicron variant, and the nature of any governmental restrictions 
imposed in response, the future impact of COVID-19 on the Group's operations cannot be ascertained. 
Impact of Acquisition of a Controlling Stake in BLME 
On 27 January 2020, the Group, through its subsidiary Boubyan Bank, increased its ownership in Bank of 
London Middle East ("BLME") from 27.91 per cent. to 71.08 per cent. As a result, BLME, which had been 
accounted for under the equity method in prior periods, was fully consolidated in the Group's financial results 
from the date of acquisition. As at the date of acquisition, BLME contributed KD 538 million and KD 616 
million to the Group's loans and total assets respectively, and KD 365 million to the Group's customer 
deposits. BLME contributed KD 14 million to net operating income and KD 1 million to net profit attributable 
to shareholders of the Bank in 2020. 
Economic conditions 
The Group is a regional bank focused on lending to, and accepting deposits from, institutions, companies and 
residents in Kuwait and the wider MENA region, including Egypt. As a result, its revenues and results of 
operations are affected by economic and market conditions in Kuwait and, to a lesser extent, in certain other 
MENA region countries, including Egypt. 
According to statistical information prepared by the CSB, Kuwait's nominal GDP grew by 14.0 per cent. in 
2018, fell by 0.9 per cent. in 2019 and fell by 21.5 per cent. in 2020. In real terms, Kuwait's GDP grew by 
2.4 per cent. in 2018, fell by 0.6 per cent. in 2019 and fell by 8.9 per cent. in 2020. According to the IMF, 
Kuwait had the 29th highest GDP (at purchasing power parity) per capita in 2020, at U.S.$50,919. 
Based on CSB information, the oil sector (excluding refining) accounted for 47.6 per cent. of Kuwait's 
nominal GDP in 2018, 45.7 per cent. in 2019 and 34.5 per cent. in 2020. According to provisional data from 
the CSB, in 2020, the other major economic sectors in Kuwait were public administration and defence (at 
15.3 per cent. of nominal GDP), financial intermediation (at 12.7 per cent.), other services, which includes 
real estate and business services, sanitary services and recreation (at 12.0 per cent.), manufacturing (at 6.6 
per cent.), communications (at 4.5 per cent.) and transport and storage (at 3.7 per cent.). 
In addition to economic conditions in the region, the Group remains exposed to the risk of external changes, 
such as an increase in global financial market volatility, which could pose funding, market and credit risks 
for investment companies and banks. For a discussion of economic conditions in 2020 and 2021, see "—
Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic" above.

--- Page 136 ---
119 
 
Factors affecting net interest income and net income from Islamic financing 
The Group's net finance income (which comprises its interest income and income from Islamic financing less 
its interest expense and finance cost and distribution to depositors) is a major contributor to its total net 
operating income, comprising 72.5 per cent., 73.7 per cent., 73.8 per cent., 75.2 per cent. and 77.0 per cent. 
of net operating income in each of the two six-month periods ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021 and in 
each of 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
The major components of the Group's finance income are: 
• 
interest income on loans and advances to customers, which comprised 52.9 per cent., 54.8 per cent., 
54.7 per cent. 54.3 per cent. and 54.7 per cent. of total finance income in each of the two six month 
periods ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021 and in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively; 
• 
income from murabaha and other Islamic financing income, which comprised 25.7 per cent., 25.7 
per cent., 25.6 per cent., 22.9 per cent. and 17.6 per cent. of total finance income in each of the two 
six month periods ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021 and in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019, 
respectively; and 
• 
interest income from debt investment securities, which comprised 15.7 per cent., 15.2 per cent., 15.6 
per cent., 15.4 per cent. and 15.7 per cent. of total finance income in each of the two six month 
periods ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021 and in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
In addition, interest income from deposits with banks, Central Bank of Kuwait bonds and Kuwaiti 
Government treasury bonds together comprised 5.7 per cent., 4.3 per cent., 4.1 per cent., 7.4 per cent. and 
11.9 per cent. of the Group's total finance income in each of the two six month periods ended 30 June 2022 
and 30 June 2021 and in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
The major components of the Group's financing cost are: 
• 
interest paid on customer deposits, which comprised 46.4 per cent., 48.7 per cent., 49.2 per cent., 
48.0 per cent. and 45.0 per cent. of total financing expense in each of the two six month periods 
ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021 and in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively; 
• 
due to banks and other financial institutions, which comprised 18.7 per cent., 14.4 per cent., 13.4 per 
cent., 23.4 per cent. and 31.7 per cent. of total financing expense in each of the two six month periods 
ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021 and in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively; and 
• 
finance cost and distribution to depositors, which comprised 26.1 per cent., 29.2 per cent., 29.5 per 
cent., 23.5 per cent. and 17.1 per cent. of total financing expense in each of the two six month periods 
ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021 and in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
In addition, certificates of deposit issued and other borrowed funds together comprised 8.8 per cent., 7.7 per 
cent., 8.0 per cent., 5.1 per cent. and 6.2 per cent. of the Group's financing cost in each of the two six month 
periods ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021 and in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
The Group's net finance income is affected by a number of factors. It is primarily determined by the volume 
of its income-earning assets relative to its cost-bearing liabilities, as well as the differential between rates 
earned on income-earning assets and paid on cost-bearing liabilities. The Group's income-earning assets 
primarily consist of its customer loan portfolio and the debt investment securities held by it. The Group's 
cost-bearing liabilities primarily comprise its customer deposits and deposits from financial institutions. 
The changes in the Group's net finance income for the six months ended 30 June 2022 compared to the 
corresponding period in 2021 were primarily driven by growth in loans and advances to customers and debt 
investment securities, in part offset by tighter margins. The Group's average customer loan portfolio was KD 
19,971 million for the six months ended 30 June 2022 compared to KD 17,953 million for the six months 
ended 30 June 2021. 
The changes in the Group's net finance income for 2021 compared to 2020 were primarily driven by growth 
in loans and advances to customers and debt investment securities, in part offset by lower benchmark rates. 
In addition, the Group's funding cost benefitted from a more favourable funding mix. The Group's average 
customer loan portfolio was KD 18,508 million in 2021 compared to KD 17,396 million for 2020.

--- Page 137 ---
120 
 
The changes in the Group's net finance income for 2020 compared to 2019 were primarily driven by lower 
benchmark rates and tighter margins, in part offset by growth in loans and advances to customers, growth in 
debt investment securities and the impact of BLME consolidation. The Group's average customer loan 
portfolio was KD 17,396 million for 2020 compared to KD 16,136 million for 2019. 
The Group's net interest margin (being its net finance income divided by its average income-earning assets 
for the period, with average income-earning assets calculated as the sum of income-earning assets on a 
quarterly basis divided by five (for annual periods) and three (for quarterly periods)) was 2.18 per cent. in 
the six months ended 30 June 2022 compared to 2.28 per cent. in the corresponding period of 2021 and 2.21 
per cent. in 2021 compared to 2.21 per cent. in 2020 and 2.56 per cent. in 2019. Typically, the Group's net 
interest margins tighten in a decreasing interest rate environment as many of the Group's wholesale loans 
reprice immediately on a floating basis, while the Group's funding cost decreases gradually based on the 
maturity profile of its deposit base.  The decrease in the six months ended 30 June 2022 compared to the 
corresponding period in 2021 principally reflected higher funding costs, in part offset by growth in loans and 
advances to customers and debt investment securities.  The Group’s net interest margin remained stable in 
2021 compared to 2020. The decrease in the Group’s net interest margin in 2020 compared to 2019 
principally reflected the impact of lower benchmark rates (the Central Bank of Kuwait reduced its discount 
rate by 25 basis points in October 2019 and by 125 basis points in March 2020 in response to the COVID-19 
pandemic) and tighter margins, in part offset by the growth in loans and advances to customers and debt 
investment securities. 
Movements in provision charge for credit losses 
The Group's provision charge for credit losses for the six months ended 30 June 2022 was KD 9 million 
compared to KD 94 million for the corresponding period in 2021. The Group's provision charge for credit 
losses for 2021 was KD 121 million compared to KD 218 million for 2020 and KD 123 million for 2019. 
The Group is required to recognise impairment allowances for credit facilities at an amount equal to the 
higher of ECL under IFRS 9 according to CBK guidelines, and the provisions required by CBK instructions 
as described in note 2.10 to the 2021 Financial Statements. 
In the six months ended 30 June 2022, the Group's provision charge for credit losses comprised a release of 
KD 125 million in relation to specific provisioning and a provision charge of KD 134 million in relation to 
general provisioning. In the six months ended 30 June 2021, the Group's provision charge for credit losses 
comprised KD 57 million in specific provisioning and KD 37 million in general provisioning. The release in 
specific provisions for credit losses in the six months ended 30 June 2022 compared to the charge for specific 
provisions in the corresponding period in 2021 primarily related to recoveries from loans that were written-
off during 2021. 
In 2021, the Group's provision charge for credit losses comprised KD 66 million in specific provisioning and 
KD 55 million in general provisioning. In 2020, the Group's provision charge for credit losses comprised KD 
111 million in specific provisioning, KD 108 million in general provisioning against cash facilities and a 
release of KD 1 million provided against non-cash facilities. The decrease in provision charges for credit 
losses in 2021 compared to 2020 was mainly due to relatively lower precautionary general provisions taken 
in 2021. Further, the decrease in provisions was also attributable to an overall improvement in the credit 
profile largely from the regularisation of exposures in the Kuwait corporate portfolio. 
In 2019, the Group's provision charge for credit losses comprised KD 113 million in specific provisioning 
against cash facilities and KD 10 million in general provisioning against cash facilities. Of the specific cash 
provisions, KD 85 million were charged against corporate exposures and KD 28 million were charged against 
retail exposures. The increase in provision charges for credit losses in 2020 compared to 2019 primarily 
related to an increase in general provisions charge (as permitted under CBK provisioning rules, representing 
a contingent build-up of provisions by the Group as a precautionary measure due to the continuing uncertainty 
surrounding COVID-19. 
Banks in Kuwait continue to be permitted to make precautionary general provisions. The amount of the 
Group's precautionary general provision reflects its policy of maintaining the overall provision level at a level 
perceived as appropriate by Management at the Bank.

--- Page 138 ---
121 
 
DESCRIPTIONS OF PRINCIPAL STATEMENT OF INCOME ITEMS 
Interest income 
Interest income is the Group's principal source of income. The Group earns interest income on the customer 
loans and advances made by it, on its portfolio of debt investment securities and on its deposits with central 
banks and other banks. Interest income is recognised in the income statement using the effective interest 
method. The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or a 
financial liability and of allocating the interest income over the relevant period. 
The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts through 
the expected life of the financial instrument or, when appropriate, a shorter period to the net carrying amount 
of the financial asset or financial liability. Fees which are considered an integral part of the effective yield of 
a financial asset are recognised using the effective yield method. Once a financial asset or a group of similar 
financial assets has been written down as a result of an impairment loss, interest income is recognised using 
the rate of interest used to discount the future cash flows for the purpose of measuring the impairment loss. 
Interest expense 
The Group incurs interest expense on its customer, bank and other financial institution deposits, on the 
certificates of deposit which it issues and on its global medium term notes and subordinated Tier 2 bonds. 
Interest expense is also recognised in the income statement using the effective interest method. 
Net income from Islamic financing 
The Group earns income from Islamic financing on the Islamic financing provided by it to its customers. The 
Group incurs Islamic financing costs through the distributions it makes to its Islamic depositors and costs 
related to its murabaha financing. Islamic financing income is recognised in the income statement on a basis 
which reflects a constant periodic return on the outstanding net investment relating to that financing. Islamic 
financing costs are recognised in the income statement on the basis of the type of customer deposit. Islamic 
financing costs on murabaha and wakala products are recognised on an effective yield basis, which is 
established on initial recognition of the liability, and Islamic financing costs on other products are recognised 
based on rates determined by reference to Boubyan Bank's results at the end of every month. 
Net fee and commission income 
Fees income earned from services provided over a period of time is recognised over the period of service. 
Fees and commissions arising from providing a transaction service are recognised on completion of the 
underlying transaction. Portfolio and other management advisory and service fees are recognised based on 
the applicable service contracts, usually on a time-apportioned basis. Asset management fees related to 
investment funds are recognised over the period in which the service is provided. The same principle is 
applied for wealth management and custody services that are continuously provided over an extended period 
of time. 
Net investment income 
Net investment income consists of net realised gains on the sale of investments, net gains or losses from 
investments carried at fair value through the income statement, dividend income, share of results of 
associates, net gains or losses from investment properties and, in 2018, loss on derecognition of associates. 
The Group classifies its financial investments in the following categories: amortised cost, investments carried 
at fair value through other comprehensive income and investments carried at fair value through profit and 
loss. 
The Group's debt securities are classified as either at amortised cost or at fair value through other 
comprehensive income based on the business model in which they are managed. Equity investments are 
generally carried at fair value through profit or loss, except for those specific investments for which the Group 
has made an election to classify them at fair value through other comprehensive income. Other investments 
are carried at fair value through profit or loss.

--- Page 139 ---
122 
 
The Group's investments at fair value through other comprehensive income or fair value through profit or 
loss are measured at fair value. For further information on the manner in which the fair value of these 
securities is determined, see note 23 to the 2021 Financial Statements. 
Net gains and losses from dealing in foreign currencies 
Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded in the functional currency rate of exchange ruling at 
the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and monetary liabilities in foreign currencies (other than monetary 
items that form part of the net investment in a foreign operation) are translated into the Group's functional 
currency at rates of exchange prevailing at the reporting date. Any gains or losses are taken to the consolidated 
statement of income. Exchange differences arising on monetary items that form part of the net investment in 
a foreign operation are determined using closing rates and recognised in other comprehensive income and 
presented in the foreign currency translation reserve in equity. 
Net gains and losses from dealing in foreign currencies include net foreign exchange trading income, gains 
and losses from spot and currency contracts, options and futures, primarily for its treasury clients. 
Other operating income 
Other operating income consists of rental and other sundry income. 
Staff expenses 
Staff expenses consist primarily of salaries, bonuses and other benefits to full-time employees. 
Other administrative expenses 
Other administrative expenses consist primarily of premises expenses, marketing and advertising expenses, 
communication expenses, IT expenses, professional expenses and other expenses. 
Provision charge for credit losses and impairment losses ("ECL") 
At each reporting date the Group recognises its ECL on its credit facilities, on its investment in debt securities 
measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income and on its balances and deposits 
with banks. Equity investments are not subject to ECL. 
The Group's credit facilities comprise its loans and advances, Islamic financing to customers, letters of credit 
and financial guarantee contracts and commitments to grant credit facilities. The Group's impairment charge 
on credit facilities is recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at an amount equal to the 
higher of (i) ECL under IFRS 9 as determined under CBK instructions or (ii) the provisions required by CBK 
Instructions. 
In accordance with CBK instructions, the Group's losses on financial assets (consumer and other instalment 
loans and credit card receivables) arising from payment holidays to customers in response to COVID-19 
(referred to as "modification losses") were charged directly to retained earnings in 2020, instead of being 
recognised in the consolidated statement of income as required by IFRS 9.  These modification losses totalled 
KD 130 million in 2020 In 2021, the Group's modification losses were KD 140 million and were offset by 
an equivalent amount receivable from the Government of Kuwait as Government grant as required by the 
CBK Circular No. 2/BS/IBS/IS/IIS/FS/476/2021. 
IFRS 9. IFRS 9 as set forth in the CBK guidelines includes certain prescribed criteria and may not be directly 
comparable to the IFRS 9 methodology as applied in other jurisdictions. The manner in which the Group 
determines ECL and the provisions for credit losses required by the CBK is set out in note 2.10 to the 2021 
Financial Statements and summarised in "Risk Management—Principal Risks—Credit risk—Impairment, 
expected credit loss and/or provisions". 
Provisions for credit losses in accordance with CBK Instructions. At each reporting date and in accordance 
with CBK regulations relating to the method of calculating specific provisions, the Group assesses its 
financial assets for objective evidence of impairment. In particular: 
• 
all individually significant loans and advances to customers are assessed for specific impairment;

--- Page 140 ---
123 
 
• 
specific impairment losses on assets carried at amortised cost (including the Group's customer loan 
portfolio) are measured as the difference between the carrying amount of the relevant asset and the 
present value of the estimated future cash flows from it discounted at the asset's original effective 
interest rate; 
• 
a minimum general provision is made on all credit facilities, which are not subject to specific 
provisioning, net of certain restricted categories of collateral, with additional general provisions 
being made at Management's discretion with the approval of the CBK; 
• 
impairment losses on associates, goodwill and intangibles are recognised for the amount by which 
the asset's carrying amount exceeded its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher 
of an asset's fair value less costs to sell and value in use. 
The Group's impairment requirements are calculated under both methodologies described above and, for each 
applicable period, the provisions for credit losses required by CBK instructions have been higher than the 
amount calculated pursuant to IFRS 9. For example, in the six months ended 30 June 2022, the provision for 
credit losses for credit facilities as determined under IFRS 9 amounted to KD 519 million compared to KD 
838 million as determined under CBK Instructions. In 2021, the provision for credit losses for credit facilities 
as determined under IFRS 9 amounted to KD 462 million compared to KD 668 million as determined under 
CBK Instructions. In 2020, the provision for credit losses for credit facilities as determined under IFRS 9 
amounted to KD 605 million compared to KD 724 million as determined under CBK Instructions. In 2019, 
the provision for credit losses for credit facilities as determined under IFRS 9 amounted to KD 395 million 
compared to KD 541 million as determined under CBK Instructions.

--- Page 141 ---
124 
 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE SIX-MONTH PERIODS ENDED 30 JUNE 2022 AND 2021 
The following table sets forth the Group's results of operations for the periods indicated. 
 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2022 
2021 
 
(KD thousands) 
Interest income ....................................................................................  
372,676 
326,034 
Interest expense ...................................................................................  
(113,056) 
(74,398) 
Net interest income 
259,620 
251,636 
Murabaha and other Islamic financing income ....................................  
128,593 
112,613 
Finance cost and distribution to depositors ..........................................  
(39,939) 
(30,647) 
Net income from Islamic financing...................................................  
88,654 
81,966 
Net interest income and net income from Islamic financing ..........  
348,274 
333,602 
Net fees and commissions ...................................................................  
90,185 
81,417 
Net investment income ........................................................................  
10,625 
18,105 
Net gains from dealing in foreign currencies .......................................  
30,204 
15,923 
Other operating income .......................................................................  
869 
3,487 
Non-interest income ...........................................................................  
131,883 
118,932 
Net operating income.........................................................................  
480,157 
452,534 
Staff expenses ......................................................................................  
(107,731) 
(94,547) 
Other administrative expenses .............................................................  
(60,732) 
(57,795) 
Depreciation of premises and equipment .............................................  
(19,097) 
(16,956) 
Amortisation of intangible assets .........................................................  
(824) 
(824) 
Operating expenses ............................................................................  
(188,384) 
(170,122) 
Operating profit before provision for credit losses and 
impairment losses ...........................................................................  
291,773 
282,412 
Provision charge for credit losses and impairment losses ....................  
(21,044) 
(97,206) 
Operating profit before taxation ......................................................  
270,729 
185,206 
Taxation...............................................................................................  
(21,951) 
(16,427) 
Directors' remuneration .......................................................................  
- 
- 
Profit for the year ..............................................................................  
248,778 
168,779 
Attributable to: ..................................................................................  
 
 
Shareholders of the Bank .....................................................................  
237,826 
160,766 
Non-controlling interests .....................................................................  
10,952 
8,013 
 
Net interest income 
The following table sets forth the details of the Group's interest income for the periods indicated. 
 
Six months ended 30 June 
Variation 
 
2022 
% of total 
2021 
% of total 
2022/2021 
 
(KD thousands, except percentage columns) 
(per cent.) 
Deposits with banks ....................................................... 
20,108 
5.4 
10,304 
3.2 
95.1 
Loans and advances to customers ................................... 
265,361 
71.2 
240,204 
73.7 
10.5 
Debt investment securities .............................................. 
78,672 
21.1 
66,793 
20.5 
17.8 
Kuwait Government treasury bonds and CBK bonds ..... 
8,535 
2.3 
8,733 
2.7 
-2.3 
Total interest income .................................................... 
372,676 
100.0 
326,034 
100.0 
14.3 
 
The Group's total interest income for the six months ended 30 June 2022 amounted to KD 373 million 
compared to KD 326 million for the corresponding period in 2021. 
The increase of KD 47 million, or 14.3 per cent., in the six months ended 30 June 2022 reflected: 
• 
a KD 25 million, or 10.5 per cent., increase in interest income from loans and advances to customers 
reflecting growth in volumes; 
• 
a KD 12 million, or 17.8 per cent., increase in interest income from debt investment securities 
reflecting higher benchmark rates and growth in volumes; 
• 
a KD 10 million, or 95.1 per cent., increase in interest income from deposits with banks reflecting 
higher benchmark rates and growth in volumes; and

--- Page 142 ---
125 
 
• 
a KD 0.2 million, or 2.3 per cent., decline in interest income from Kuwaiti Government treasury 
bonds and CBK bonds reflecting lower volumes. 
The following table shows details of the Group's interest expense for the periods indicated. 
 
Six months ended 30 June 
Variation 
 
2022 
% of total 
2021 
% of total 
2022/2021 
 
(KD thousands, except percentages) 
(per cent.) 
Due to banks and other financial institutions ...................... 
28,643 
25.3 
15,143 
20.4 
89.2 
Customer deposits ............................................................ 
70,984 
62.8 
51,182 
68.8 
38.7 
Certificates of deposit issued ............................................. 
4,469 
4.0 
1,981 
2.7 
125.6 
Other borrowed funds ....................................................... 
8,960 
7.9 
6,092 
8.2 
47.1 
Total interest expense ................................................... 
113,056 
100.0 
74,398 
100.0 
52.0 
 
The Group's total interest expense for the six months ended 30 June 2022 amounted to KD 113 million 
compared to KD 74 million for the corresponding period in 2021. 
The increase of KD 39 million, or 52.0 per cent., in the six months ended 30 June 2022 principally reflected: 
• 
a KD 20 million, or 38.7 per cent., increase in interest expense on customer deposits which was 
driven by higher benchmark rates and growth in volumes; 
• 
a KD 14 million, or 89.2 per cent., increase in interest expense on amounts due to banks and other 
financial institutions which was driven by higher benchmark rates and growth in volumes; 
• 
a KD 3 million, or 47.1 per cent., increase in interest expense on other borrowed funds which was 
driven by issuance of global medium term notes in September 2021; 
• 
a KD 2 million, or 125.6 per cent., increase in interest expense on certificates of deposit issued driven 
by higher benchmark rates. 
Reflecting the above factors, the Group's net interest income in the six months ended 30 June 2022 amounted 
to KD 260 million, an increase of KD 8 million, or 3.2 per cent., from the KD 252 million net interest income 
recorded in the six months ended 30 June 2021. 
Net income from Islamic financing 
The Group's murabaha and other Islamic financing income for the six months ended 30 June 2022 amounted 
to KD 129 million compared to KD 113 million for the corresponding period in 2021. This represented an 
increase of KD 16 million, or 14.2 per cent. and principally reflected growth in the Group's Islamic financing 
to customers and higher benchmark rates. 
The Group's finance cost and distribution to depositors for the six months ended 30 June 2022 amounted to 
KD 40 million compared to KD 31 million for the corresponding period in 2021. The increase of KD 9 
million, or 30.3 per cent., primarily reflected higher benchmark rates and growth in the Group's Islamic 
deposits. 
Reflecting the above factors, the Group's net income from Islamic financing for the six months ended 30 June 
2022 amounted to KD 89 million compared to KD 82 million for the corresponding period in 2021. 
Net finance income 
The Group's net financing income for the six months ended 30 June 2022 amounted to KD 348 million 
compared to KD 334 million for the corresponding period in 2021. 
The increase in the Group's net financing income for the six months ended 30 June 2022 compared to the 
corresponding period in 2021 was primarily driven by growth in loans and advances to customers and debt 
investment securities, in part offset by tighter margins. The Group's average customer loan portfolio (based 
on quarterly balances in each period divided by three) was KD 19,971 million for 2022 compared to KD 
17,953 million for 2021, an increase of KD 2,018 million, or 11.2 per cent.

--- Page 143 ---
126 
 
The Group's net interest margin was 2.18 per cent. in the six months ended 30 June 2022 compared to 2.28 
per cent. in the corresponding period of 2021, with the decrease principally reflecting higher funding costs, 
in part offset by growth in loans and advances to customers and growth in debt investment securities. 
Net fees and commissions 
The following table shows the Group's net fees and commissions each of the six-month periods indicated. 
 
Six months ended 30 June 
Variation 
 
2022 
% of total 
2021 
% of total 
2022/2021 
 
(KD thousands, except percentage columns) 
(per cent.) 
Credit facilities ................................................................ 
30,067 
33.3 
31,444 
38.6 
(4.4) 
Other ............................................................................... 
60,118 
66.7 
49,973 
61.4 
20.3 
Net fees and commissions ............................................. 
90,185 
100.0 
81,417 
100.0 
10.8 
 
The Group's net fees and commission income for the six months ended 30 June 2022 was KD 90 million, an 
increase of KD 9 million, or 10.8 per cent., from the KD 81 million recorded in the corresponding period of 
2021. This increase principally reflected an increase in asset management and card related fees. 
Net gains from dealing in foreign currencies and other operating income (which comprises the "net 
investment income" and "other operating income" line items in the consolidated statement of income) 
The Group's net gains from dealing in foreign currencies for the six months ended 30 June 2022 amounted 
to KD 30 million compared to KD 16 million in the corresponding period of 2021. The increase of KD 14 
million, or 89.7 per cent., principally reflected benefit of currency movements on the Perpetual Tier 1 Capital 
Securities and higher transaction volumes. 
The Group's other operating income for the six months ended 30 June 2022 amounted to KD 11 million 
compared to KD 22 million for the corresponding period in 2021. The decrease of KD 10 million, or 46.8 
per cent., principally reflected lower fair valuation gains on investments. In the 2021 period, the Group 
benefitted from gains on the sale of debt investments and assets acquired in a debt swap. 
Operating expenses 
The Group's total operating expenses amounted to KD 188 million for the six months ended 30 June 2022 
compared to KD 170 million for the corresponding period in 2021. The increase of KD 18 million, or 10.7 
per cent., in the six months ended 30 June 2022 principally reflected increased headcount, annual increments 
and continued investments in key businesses, digital technologies and processes. 
Provision charge for credit losses and impairment losses 
The table below shows the Group's provision charge for credit losses and impairment losses for the six-month 
periods ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021. 
 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2022 
2021 
 
(KD thousands) 
Specific .................................................................................................................... 
(124,888) 
57,262 
General .................................................................................................................... 
133,426 
37,039 
Total provision charge for credit losses ................................................................ 
8,538 
94,301 
Expected credit losses charge .................................................................................. 
4,881 
119 
Other impairment losses .......................................................................................... 
7,625 
2,786 
Provision charge for credit losses and impairment losses ................................... 
21,044 
97,206 
 
The Group's total provision charge for credit losses and impairment losses amounted to KD 21 million for 
the six months ended 30 June 2022 compared to KD 97 million for the corresponding period in 2021. The 
decrease in the six months ended 30 June 2022 was primarily due to recoveries from loans that were written-
off during 2021. 
The Group's total specific provision release for credit losses amounted to KD 125 million for the six months 
ended 30 June 2022 and KD 57 million for the corresponding period in 2021. In the six months ended 30

--- Page 144 ---
127 
 
June 2022, the release in provisions was attributable to recoveries from loans that were written-off during 
2021. 
The Group's total general provision charge amounted to KD 134 million for the six months ended 30 June 
2022 compared to KD 37 million for the corresponding period in 2021. The Group remains committed to its 
conservative approach in managing credit exposures and set aside precautionary provisions which were 
included in the general provision charge for the six months ended 30 June 2022. 
The Group's expected credit losses and other impairment losses amounted to KD 13 million for the six months 
ended 30 June 2022 compared to KD 3 million for the corresponding period in 2021 In the six months ended 
30 June 2022, the increase in provisions was attributable to higher ECL on investments and other impairment 
losses. 
Taxation 
The Group's taxation charge for the six months ended 30 June 2022 amounted to KD 22 million compared to 
KD 16 million for the corresponding period in 2021. The increase of KD 6 million, or 33.6 per cent., in the 
six months ended 30 June 2022 principally reflected higher profits in the six months ended 30 June 2022. 
Segmental analysis 
The tables below show certain statement of income and statement of financial position line items of each of 
the Group's reporting segments for the six month periods ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021. 
 
Six months ended 30 June 2022 
 
CPB 
CB 
IBAM 
IB 
GC 
International 
Total 
 
(KD thousand) 
Net interest income and net income from 
Islamic financing ..................................... 
107,389 
48,677 
364 
89,044 
7,358 
95,442 
348,274 
Net operating income ................................... 
152,671 
68,722 
20,139 
105,622 
15,249 
117,754 
480,157 
Profit / (loss) for the period .......................... 
81,801 
108,792 
13,432 
30,993 
(32,079) 
45,839 
248,778 
Total assets ................................................. 
5,377,380 
4,982,903 
83,722 
7,635,997 
2,768,923 
13,433,762 
34,282,687 
Total liabilities ........................................... 
7,033,277 
2,043,742 
11,758 
6,676,996 
1,035,362 
13,023,910 
29,825,045 
 
 
 
 
Six months ended 30 June 2021 
 
CPB 
CB 
IBAM 
IB 
GC 
International 
Total 
 
(KD thousand) 
Net interest income and net income from 
Islamic financing ..................................... 
112,872 
44,156 
269 
81,966 
7,379 
86,960 
333,602 
Net operating income ................................... 
149,157 
71,322 
17,270 
95,539 
6,617 
112,629 
452,534 
Profit / (loss) for the period .......................... 
86,219 
23,771 
10,811 
21,132 
(5,705) 
32,551 
168,779 
Total assets .........................  
4,879,552 
5,138,975 
71,832 
6,945,102 
2,866,748 
11,676,423 
31,578,632 
Total liabilities ........................................... 
6,637,456 
2,332,376 
10,542 
6,219,275 
1,017,253 
11,101,588 
27,318,490 
Consumer and private banking 
CPB's net operating income for the six months ended 30 June 2022 amounted to KD 153 million compared 
to KD 149 million for the corresponding period in 2021. The increase in net operating income of KD 4 
million, or 2.4 per cent., principally reflected higher fee income, higher foreign exchange income and 
increased volumes of consumer loans and deposits, in part offset by tighter margins. CPB's profit was KD 82 
million for the six months ended 30 June 2022 compared to KD 86 million for the corresponding period in 
2021. The decrease in profit of KD 4 million, or 5.1 per cent., principally reflected higher costs and higher 
provisions for credit losses, in part offset by higher net operating income. 
Corporate banking 
CB's net operating income for the six months ended 30 June 2022 amounted to KD 69 million compared to 
KD 71 million for the corresponding period in 2021. The decrease in net operating income of KD 3 million, 
or 3.6 per cent., principally reflected a negative swing in the fair valuation of investments and lower fees, in 
part offset by higher margins. CB's profit was KD 109 million for the six months ended 30 June 2022 
compared to KD 24 million for the corresponding period in 2021. The increase in profit of KD 85 million, or 
357.7 per cent., principally reflected provision recoveries in 2022, in part offset by lower net operating 
income.

--- Page 145 ---
128 
 
Investment banking and asset management 
IBAM's net operating income for the six months ended 30 June 2022 amounted to KD 20 million compared 
to KD 17 million for the corresponding period in 2021. IBAM's profit was KD 13 million for the six months 
ended 30 June 2022 compared to KD 11 million for the corresponding period in 2021. The increase in net 
operating income of KD 3 million, or 16.6 per cent., and the increase in profit of KD 3 million, or 24.2 per 
cent., principally reflected higher asset management fees. 
Islamic banking 
IB's net operating income for the six months ended 30 June 2022 amounted to KD 106 million compared to 
KD 96 million for the corresponding period in 2021. The increase in net operating income of KD 10 million, 
or 10.6 per cent., principally reflected higher net income from Islamic financing driven by growth in Group's 
Islamic financing to customers and higher fee income, in part offset by lower investment income. IB's profit 
was KD 31 million for the six months ended 30 June 2022 compared to KD 21 million for the corresponding 
period in 2021. The increase in profit of KD 10 million, or 46.7 per cent., principally reflected higher net 
operating income and lower provisions for credit loss, in part offset by higher costs. 
Group centre 
GC's net operating income for the six months ended 30 June 2022 amounted to KD 15 million compared to 
KD 7 million for the corresponding period in 2021. The increase in net operating income of KD 9 million, or 
130.5 per cent., principally reflected beneficial currency movements on the Perpetual Tier 1 Capital 
Securities. GC's loss was KD 32 million for the six months ended 30 June 2022 compared to a loss of KD 6 
million for the corresponding period in 2021. The increase in loss of KD 26 million, or 462.3 per cent., 
principally reflected higher ECL provisions, in part offset by higher net operating income. 
International 
International's net operating income for the six months ended 30 June 2022 amounted to KD 118 million 
compared to KD 113 million for the corresponding period in 2021. The increase in net operating income of 
KD 5 million, or 4.6 per cent., principally reflected growth in loans and advances to customers, in part offset 
by higher funding costs. In 2021, the Group benefitted from gains on the sale of debt investments and assets 
acquired in a debt swap. International's profit was KD 46 million for the six months ended 30 June 2022 
compared to KD 33 million for the corresponding period in 2021. The increase in profit of KD 13 million, or 
40.8 per cent., principally reflected lower ECL provisions and higher net operating income, in part offset by 
higher costs. 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2021, 2020 AND 2019 
The following table sets forth the Group's results of operations for the years indicated. 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(KD thousands) 
Interest income .................................................................................... 
661,056 
756,984 
986,526 
Interest expense ................................................................................... 
(154,889) 
(266,752) 
(421,618) 
Net interest income ............................................................................ 
506,167 
490,232 
564,908 
Murabaha and other Islamic financing income .................................... 
227,849 
225,137 
211,317 
Finance cost and distribution to depositors .......................................... 
(64,757) 
(81,902) 
(87,001) 
Net income from Islamic financing ................................................... 
163,092 
143,235 
124,316 
Net interest income and net income from Islamic financing ........... 
669,259 
633,467 
689,224 
Net fees and commissions .................................................................... 
165,271 
145,981 
157,152 
Net investment income ........................................................................ 
27,905 
2,041 
8,419 
Net gains from dealing in foreign currencies ....................................... 
39,829 
38,159 
39,343 
Other operating income ....................................................................... 
4,054 
22,873 
1,379 
Non-interest income ........................................................................... 
237,059 
209,054 
206,293 
Net operating income ......................................................................... 
906,318 
842,521 
895,517 
Staff expenses ...................................................................................... 
(201,113) 
(174,442) 
(175,731) 
Other administrative expenses ............................................................. 
(122,134) 
(102,058) 
(98,852) 
Depreciation of premises and equipment ............................................. 
(34,049) 
(33,432) 
(26,493) 
Amortisation of intangible assets ......................................................... 
(1,647) 
(1,647) 
(3,198)

--- Page 146 ---
129 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
Operating expenses .............................................................................. 
(358,943) 
(311,579) 
(304,274) 
Operating profit before provision for credit losses and 
impairment losses ........................................................................... 
547,375 
530,942 
591,243 
Provision charge for credit losses and impairment losses .................... 
(132,498) 
(246,438) 
(129,715) 
Operating profit before taxation....................................................... 
414,877 
284,504 
461,528 
Taxation ............................................................................................... 
(34,136) 
(25,842) 
(35,536) 
Directors' remuneration ....................................................................... 
(120) 
- 
- 
Profit for the year .............................................................................. 
380,621 
258,662 
425,992 
Attributable to: 
 
 
 
Shareholders of the Bank ..................................................................... 
362,249 
246,341 
401,291 
Non-controlling interests ..................................................................... 
18,372 
12,321 
24,701 
 
Net interest income 
The following table sets forth the details of the Group's interest income for the years indicated. 
 
Year ended 31 December 
Variation 
 
2021 
% of 
total 
2020 
% of total 
2019 
% of total 
2021/2020 
2020/2019 
 
(KD thousands, except percentage columns) 
(per cent.) 
Deposits with banks .. 
18,926 
2.9 
44,467 
5.9 
94,607 
9.6 
(57.4) 
(53.0) 
Loans and advances 
to customers .............. 
486,023 
73.5 
533,226 
70.4 
655,226 
66.4 
(8.9) 
(18.6) 
Debt investment 
securities ................... 
138,706 
21.0 
151,496 
20.0 
188,635 
19.1 
(8.4) 
(19.7) 
Kuwait Government 
treasury bonds and 
CBK bonds ................ 
17,401 
2.6 
27,795 
3.7 
48,058 
4.9 
(37.4) 
(42.2) 
Total interest 
income ...................... 
661,056 
100.0 
756,984 
100.0 
986,526 
100.0 
(12.7) 
(23.3) 
 
The Group's total interest income for 2021 amounted to KD 661 million compared to KD 757 million for 
2020 and KD 987 million for 2019. 
The decrease of KD 96 million, or 12.7 per cent., in 2021 reflected: 
• 
a KD 47 million, or 8.9 per cent., decline in interest income from loans and advances to customers 
reflecting lower benchmark rates, in part offset by growth in volumes; 
• 
a KD 26 million, or 57.4 per cent., decline in interest income from deposits with banks reflecting 
lower benchmark rates, in part offset by growth in volumes; 
• 
a KD 13 million, or 8.4 per cent., decline in interest income from debt investment securities reflecting 
lower benchmark rates, in part offset by growth in volumes; and 
• 
a KD 10 million, or 37.4 per cent., decline in interest income from Kuwaiti Government treasury 
bonds and CBK bonds reflecting lower benchmark rates and lower volumes. 
The decrease of KD 230 million, or 23.3 per cent., in 2020 reflected: 
• 
a KD 122 million, or 18.6 per cent., decline in interest income from loans and advances to customers 
impacted by lower benchmark rates, in part offset by growth in volumes (notably in International 
segment); 
• 
a KD 50 million, or 53.0 per cent., decline in interest income from deposits with banks impacted by 
lower benchmark rates; 
• 
a KD 37 million, or 19.7 per cent., decline in interest income from debt investment securities 
impacted by lower benchmark rates, in part offset by growth in volumes; and

--- Page 147 ---
130 
 
• 
a KD 20 million, or 42.2 per cent., decline in interest income from Kuwaiti Government treasury 
bonds and CBK bonds impacted by lower benchmark rates and decline in volumes. 
The following table shows details of the Group's interest expense for the years indicated. 
 
Year ended 31 December 
Variation 
 
2021 
% of 
total 
2020 
% of 
total 
2019 
% of 
total 
 
 
2021/202
0 
2020/201
9 
 
(KD thousands, except percentage columns) 
(per cent.) 
Due to banks 
and other 
financial 
institutions ..  
29,344 
18.9 
81,736 
30.6 
161,415 
38.3 
 
 
(64.1) 
(49.4) 
Customer 
deposits 
108,068 
69.8 
167,281 
62.7 
228,711 
54.2 
 
 
(35.4) 
(26.9) 
Certificates of 
deposit 
issued .........  
3,401 
2.2 
6,879 
2.6 
17,063 
4.0 
 
 
(50.6) 
(59.7) 
Other 
borrowed 
funds...........  
14,076 
9.1 
10,856 
4.1 
14,429 
3.4 
 
 
29.7 
(24.8) 
Total interest 
expense ......  
154,889 
100.0 
266,752 
100.0 
421,618 
100.0 
 
 
 (41.9) 
(36.7) 
 
The Group's total interest expense for 2021 amounted to KD 155 million compared to KD 267 million for 
2020 and KD 422 million for 2019. 
The decrease of KD 112 million, or 41.9 per cent., in 2021 principally reflected: 
• 
a KD 59 million, or 35.4 per cent., decrease in interest expense on customer deposits which was 
driven by lower benchmark rates, in part offset by growth in volumes; and 
• 
a KD 52 million, or 64.1 per cent., decrease in interest expense on amounts due to banks and other 
financial institutions which was driven by lower benchmark rates, in part offset by growth in volumes. 
The decrease of KD 155 million, or 36.7 per cent., in 2020 reflected: 
• 
a KD 80 million, or 49.4 per cent., decline in interest expense on amounts due to banks and other 
financial institutions driven by lower benchmark rates and decline in volumes; 
• 
a KD 61 million, or 26.9 per cent., decline in interest expense on customer deposits driven by lower 
benchmark rates, partly offset by the growth in volumes; and 
• 
a KD 10 million, or 59.7 per cent., decline in interest expense on certificates of deposit issued driven 
by lower benchmark rates, partly offset by the growth in volumes. 
Reflecting the above factors, the Group's net interest income in 2021 amounted to KD 506 million, an increase 
of KD 16 million, or 3.3 per cent., from the KD 490 million net interest income recorded in 2020 which was 
a decrease of KD 75 million, or 13.2 per cent., from the KD 565 million net interest income recorded in 2019. 
Net income from Islamic financing 
The Group's murabaha and other Islamic financing income for 2021 amounted to KD 228 million compared 
to KD 225 million for 2020 and KD 211 million for 2019. This represented an increase of KD 3 million, or 
1.2 per cent., in 2021 and principally reflected growth in Group's Islamic financing to customers and in debt 
investment securities, in part offset by lower benchmark rates. The increase of KD 14 million, or 6.5 per 
cent., in 2020 principally reflected the impact of consolidation of BLME and growth in Group's Islamic 
financing to customers, in part offset by lower benchmark rates. 
The Group's finance cost and distribution to depositors for 2021 amounted to KD 65 million compared to KD 
82 million for 2020 and KD 87 million for 2019. The decrease of KD 17 million, or 20.9 per cent., in 2021 
primarily reflected lower benchmark rates and a more favourable funding mix, in part offset by growth in the 
volume of Group's Islamic deposits. The decrease of KD 5 million, or 5.9 per cent., in 2020 principally

--- Page 148 ---
131 
 
reflected the impact of lower benchmark rates, in part offset by growth in the Group's Islamic deposits and 
the impact consolidation of BLME. 
Reflecting the above factors, the Group's net income from Islamic financing for 2021 amounted to KD 163 
million compared to KD 143 million for 2020 and KD124 million for 2019. 
Net finance income 
The Group's net financing income for 2021 amounted to KD 669 million compared to KD 633 million for 
2020 and KD 689 million for 2019. 
The changes in the Group's net financing income for 2021 compared to 2020 were primarily driven by growth 
in loans and advances to customers and in debt investment securities, in part offset by lower benchmark rates. 
In addition, the Group's funding cost benefitted from a more favourable funding mix. The Group's average 
customer loan portfolio (based on quarterly balances in each year divided by five) was KD 18,508 million 
for 2021 compared to KD 17,396 million for 2020, an increase of KD 1,112 million, or 6.4 per cent. 
The changes in the Group's net financing income for 2020 compared to 2019 were primarily driven by lower 
benchmark rates and tighter margins, in part offset by growth in loans and advances to customers, growth in 
debt investment securities and the impact from the consolidation of BLME. The Group's average customer 
loan portfolio (based on quarterly balances in each year divided by five) was KD 17,396 million for 2020 
compared to KD 16,136 million for 2019, an increase of KD 1,261 million, or 7.8 per cent. 
The Group's net interest margin remained stable in 2021 at 2.21 per cent. and decreased in 2020 to 2.21 per 
cent. from 2.56 per cent. in 2019. The decrease in 2020 principally reflected the impact of lower benchmark 
rates and tighter margins, in part offset by growth in loans and advances to customers and growth in debt 
investment securities. 
Net fees and commissions 
The following table shows the Group's net fees and commissions for 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
Year ended 31 December 
Variation 
 
2021 
% of total 
2020 
% of total 
2019 
% of total 
2021/2020 
2020/2019 
 
(KD thousands, except percentage columns) 
(per cent.) 
Credit facilities........  
60,111 
36.4 
64,261 
44.0 
64,920 
41.3 
(6.5) 
(1.0) 
Other .......................  
105,160 
63.6 
81,720 
56.0 
92,232 
58.7 
28.7 
(11.4) 
Net fees and 
commissions ...........  
165,271 
100.0 
145,981 
100.0 
157,152 
100.0 
(13.2) 
(7.1) 
 
The Group's net fees and commission income for 2021 was KD 165 million, an increase of KD 19 million, 
or 13.2 per cent., from the KD 146 million recorded for 2020. This increase principally reflected an increase 
across all major lines of business, in part offset by exceptional fees on credit facilities in 2020. The Group's 
net fees and commission income for 2020 amounted to KD 146 million, a decrease of KD 11 million, or 7.1 
per cent., from the KD 157 million net fees and commission income recorded for 2019. This decrease 
principally reflected the slowdown in economic activity resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Net gains from dealing in foreign currencies and other operating income (which comprises the "net 
investment income" and "other operating income" line items in the consolidated statement of income) 
The Group's net gains from dealing in foreign currencies for 2021 amounted to KD 40 million compared to 
KD 38 million for 2020. 
The Group's other operating income for 2021 amounted to KD 32 million compared to KD 25 million for 
2020. The increase of KD 7 million principally reflected a positive movement in fair valuation of investments 
and gain on sale of debt investments and assets acquired on debt swap. 2020 benefitted from Government 
subsidy in respect of COVID-19 and a gain on sale of the Bank's old head office. 
The Group's foreign exchange income for 2020 amounted to KD 38 million compared to KD 39 million for 
2019. The decrease of KD 1 million principally reflected the impact of lower economic activity, in part offset 
by the impact of currency movements on the Perpetual Tier 1 Capital Securities.

--- Page 149 ---
132 
 
The Group's other operating income for 2020 amounted to KD 25 million compared to KD 10 million for 
2019. The increase of KD 15 million principally reflected the Government subsidy in respect of COVID-19 
and a gain on sale of the Bank's old head office, in part offset by a negative swing in the fair market valuation 
of funds and equity investments. 
Operating expenses 
The Group's total operating expenses amounted to KD 359 million for 2021 compared to KD 312 million for 
2020 and KD 304 million for 2019. The increase of KD 47 million, or 15.2 per cent., in 2021 principally 
reflected increased headcount, annual increments and variable pay and an increase in other operating 
expenses. The increase of KD 7 million, or 2.4 per cent., in 2020 reflected the impact of the consolidation of 
BLME, COVID-19 related contributions to the Central Bank of Kuwait fund and Kuwait's Red Crescent 
Society, continued investment in IT and other digital initiatives and higher depreciation from the 
capitalisation of new headquarters and data centre. 
Provision charge for credit losses and impairment losses 
The table below shows the Group's provision charge for credit losses and impairment losses for 2021, 2020 
and 2019. 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(KD thousands) 
Specific .........................................................................................................................  
66,033 
110,518 
111,239 
General .........................................................................................................................  
54,809 
107,205 
11,346 
Total provision charge for credit losses ....................................................................  
120,842 
217,723 
122,585 
Other impairment losses ...............................................................................................  
11,656 
28,715 
7,130 
Provision charge for credit losses and impairment losses ........................................  
132,498 
246,438 
129,715 
 
The Group's total provision charge for credit losses and impairment losses amounted to KD 132 million for 
2021 compared to KD 246 million for 2020 and KD 130 million for 2019. The reduction in 2021 was 
primarily due to improvements in macroeconomic conditions, and a decrease in PD reflecting the fact that 
2021 was considered a recovery phase from the adverse effects of the pandemic. The increase in 2020 was 
primarily due to heightened levels of volatility, increasing probability of default ("PD") trends, and adverse 
forecasts due to the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, alongside certain adverse credit events.  
The Group's total specific provision charge for credit losses amounted to KD 66 million for 2020 and KD 
111 million for each of 2020 and 2019. In 2021, the decrease in provisions was attributable to an overall 
improvement in the credit profile largely from the regularisation of exposures in the Kuwait corporate 
portfolio. In 2020, the default of a troubled healthcare group operating primarily in the GCC contributed to 
around 25 per cent. of the specific provisions, while the remaining amount primarily reflected an increased 
level of uncertainty around cash flows arising from the COVID-19 crisis for certain of the Group's customers 
in the services, real estate and construction sectors. 
The Group's total general provision charge amounted to KD 55 million for 2021, compared to KD 107 million 
for 2020 and KD 11 million for 2019. In 2021, the decrease was due to relatively lower precautionary 
provisions. The increase in the general provision charge in 2020 represented contingent build-up of 
provisions by the Group as a precautionary measure due to the continuing uncertainty surrounding the impact 
of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Group's customers. 
The Group's other impairment losses amounted to KD 12 million for 2021, compared to KD 29 million for 
2020 and KD 7 million for 2019. In 2021, the reduction in other impairment losses was primarily due to 
improvements in macroeconomic conditions (recovering from the adverse effects of the pandemic), a 
decrease in PD and other related factors. In 2020, increased PDs in light of the advent of the COVID crisis 
as well the downgrade of Lebanon sovereign which increased the risk and corresponding ECLs of the Group's 
Lebanon sovereign exposures, contributed to the significant increase in IFRS 9 ECL requirements for 
financial assets other than credit facilities.

--- Page 150 ---
133 
 
Taxation 
The Group's taxation charge for 2021 amounted to KD 34 million compared to KD 26 million for 2020 and 
KD 36 million for 2019. The increase of KD 8 million, or 32.1 per cent., in 2021 principally reflected higher 
Group profits. The decrease of KD 10 million, or 27.3 per cent., in 2020 principally reflected lower profits, 
which were partially offset by higher taxes in Egypt from a new tax law. 
Segmental analysis 
The tables below show certain statement of income and statement of financial position line items of each of 
the Group's reporting segments for 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
CPB 
CB 
IBAM 
IB 
GC 
International 
Total 
 
(KD thousand) 
Net interest income and net 
income from Islamic financing  
225,184 
90,930 
590 
163,092 
12,942 
176,521 
669,259 
Net operating income ..................  
304,345 
137,023 
34,157 
193,837 
12,927 
224,029 
906,318 
Profit / (loss) for the period .........  
193,854 
40,913 
20,010 
47,955 
(14,331) 
92,220 
380,621 
Total assets .................................  
5,102,009 
4,907,015 
84,129 
7,351,899 
2,605,969 
13,205,565 
33,256,586 
Total liabilities ...........................  
6,597,002 
2,131,032 
13,038 
6,601,827 
777,049 
12,669,521 
28,789,469 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2020 
 
CPB 
CB 
IBAM 
IB 
GC 
International 
Total 
 
(KD thousand) 
Net interest income and net income from 
Islamic financing ..................................... 
219,879 
80,297 
746 
143,235 
26,642 
162,668 
633,467 
Net operating income ................................... 
278,702 
127,070 
24,134 
171,656 
34,860 
206,099 
842,521 
Profit / (loss) for the period .......................... 
151,832 
64,378 
12,387 
33,547 
(53,419) 
49,937 
258,662 
Total assets ................................................. 
4,753,571 
4,978,948 
67,145 
6,437,149 
3,331,686 
10,148,892 
29,717,391 
Total liabilities ........................................... 
6,474,936 
2,350,988 
11,071 
5,810,419 
237,618 
10,691,304 
25,576,336 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2019 
 
CPB 
CB 
IBAM 
IB 
GC 
International 
Total 
 
(KD thousand) 
Net interest income and net income from 
Islamic financing ..................................... 
215,757 
109,643 
875 
124,316 
57,199 
181,434 
689,224 
Net operating income ................................... 
291,554 
157,114 
28,574 
151,184 
46,423 
220,668 
895,517 
Profit / (loss) for the period .......................... 
178,266 
60,305 
15,690 
62,677 
(3,126) 
112,180 
425,992 
Total assets .........................  
4,651,598 
4,930,920 
79,344 
5,300,548 
3,208,951 
11,099,392 
29,270,753 
Total liabilities ........................................... 
5,447,815 
2,294,546 
22,447 
4,647,367 
795,608 
11,803,810 
25,011,593 
Consumer and private banking 
CPB's net operating income for 2021 amounted to KD 304 million compared to KD 279 million for 2020. 
The increase in net operating income of KD 26 million, or 9.2 per cent., principally reflected higher fee 
income and foreign exchange income due to a pick-up in economic activity and increased volumes of 
consumer loans and deposits. CPB's profit was KD 194 million for 2021 compared to KD 152 million for 
2020. The increase in profit of KD 42 million, or 27.7 per cent., principally reflected lower provisions for 
credit losses and higher net operating income, in part offset by higher costs. 
CPB's net operating income for 2020 amounted to KD 279 million compared to KD 292 million for 2019. 
The decrease of KD 13 million, or 4.4 per cent., principally reflected lower fee income and lower foreign 
exchange income due to the slowdown in economic activity resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and 
lower benchmark rates, partially offset by increased volumes of consumer loans and deposits. CPB's profit 
was KD 152 million for 2020 compared to KD 178 million for 2019. The decrease in profit of KD 26 million, 
or 14.8 per cent., principally reflected higher provisions for credit losses to cater for potential deterioration 
in the retail credit portfolio as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and lower net operating income, offset in 
part by lower costs. 
Corporate banking 
CB's net operating income for 2021 amounted to KD 137 million compared to KD 127 million for 2020. The 
increase in net operating income of KD 10 million, or 7.8 per cent., principally reflected higher loan margins. 
CB's profit was KD 41 million for 2021 compared to KD 64 million for 2020. The decrease in profit of KD 
23 million, or 36.4 per cent., principally reflected higher provisions for credit losses, in part offset by higher 
net operating income.

--- Page 151 ---
134 
 
CB's net operating income for 2020 amounted to KD 127 million compared to KD 157 million for 2019. The 
decrease of KD 30 million, or 19.1 per cent., primarily reflected lower net interest income from lower 
benchmark rates. CB's profit was KD 64 million for 2020 compared to KD 60 million for 2019. The increase 
in profit of KD 4 million, or 6.8 per cent., primarily reflected lower provisions for credit losses, offset in part 
by lower net operating income. 
Investment banking and asset management 
IBAM's net operating income for 2021 amounted to KD 34 million compared to KD 24 million for 2020. 
The increase in net operating income of KD 10 million, or 41.5 per cent., principally reflected higher fee 
income and lower fair valuation losses on investments. IBAM's profit was KD 20 million for 2021 compared 
to KD 12 million for 2020. The increase in profit of KD 8 million, or 61.5 per cent., principally reflected 
higher net operating income. 
IBAM's net operating income for 2020 amounted to KD 24 million compared to KD 29 million for 2019. 
The decrease of KD 4 million, or 15.5 per cent., primarily reflected higher fair valuation losses on funds and 
equity investments and lower fee income. IBAM's profit amounted to KD 12 million for 2020 compared to 
KD 16 million for 2019. The decrease of KD 3 million, or 21.1 per cent., primarily reflected lower net 
operating income, offset in part by lower costs. 
Islamic banking 
IB's net operating income for 2021 amounted to KD 194 million compared to KD 172 million for 2020. The 
increase in net operating income of KD 22 million, or 12.9 per cent., principally reflected higher net income 
from Islamic financing driven by growth in the Group's Islamic financing to customers and higher fee income. 
In 2020, IB's net operating income also benefitted from the Government subsidy in respect of COVID-19. 
IB's profit was KD 48 million for 2021 compared to KD 34 million for 2020. The increase in profit of KD 
14 million, or 42.9 per cent., principally reflected higher net operating income and lower provisions for credit 
loss, in part offset by higher costs. 
IB's net operating income amounted to KD 172 million for 2020 compared to KD 151 million for 2019. The 
increase of KD 20 million, or 13.5 per cent., primarily reflected the impact of the consolidation of BLME, 
the Government COVID-19 subsidy and higher loan volumes, offset in part by lower benchmark rates and 
lower fee income due to the slower pace of economic activity resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. IB's 
profit was KD 34 million for 2020 compared to KD 63 million for 2019. The decrease in profit of KD 29 
million, or 46.5 per cent, primarily reflected higher provisions for credit losses (including precautionary 
provisions) to manage the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and higher costs, in part offset by higher net 
operating income. 
Group centre 
GC's net operating income for 2021 amounted to KD 13 million compared to KD 35 million for 2020. The 
decrease in net operating income of KD 22 million, or 62.9 per cent., principally reflected lower net interest 
income due to lower benchmark rates, in part offset by a positive swing in the fair valuation of equity 
investments and funds. In 2020, the Group also benefitted from a gain on sale of the Bank's old head office 
and the Government subsidy in respect of COVID-19. GC's loss was KD 14 million for 2021 compared to a 
loss of KD 53 million for 2020. The reduction in loss of KD 39 million, or 73.2 per cent., principally reflected 
lower precautionary provisions for credit losses and a lower ECL charge on non-credit exposures, in part 
offset by lower net operating income. 
GC's net operating income for 2020 amounted to KD 35 million compared to KD 46 million for 2019. The 
decrease of KD 12 million, or 24.9 per cent., primarily reflected lower net interest income due to lower 
benchmark rates and lower investment income resulting from a negative swing in the fair valuation of funds 
and equity investments, offset in part by a gain on sale of the Bank's old head office and Government subsidy 
in respect of COVID-19. GC's loss was KD 53 million for 2020 compared to KD 3 million for 2019. The 
increase in loss of KD 50 million, primarily reflected lower net operating income, precautionary provisions 
in 2020 and a higher expected credit loss charge (ECL on non credit exposure) due to worsening of 
macroeconomic factors resulting from the COVID-19 crisis.

--- Page 152 ---
135 
 
International 
International's net operating income for 2021 amounted to KD 224 million compared to KD 206 million for 
2020. The increase in net operating income of KD 18 million, or 8.7 per cent., principally reflected growth 
in loans and advances to customers, lower funding cost and higher gains on the sale or redemption of debt 
securities. International's profit was KD 92 million for 2021 compared to KD 50 million for 2020. The 
increase in profit of KD 42 million, or 84.7 per cent., principally reflected lower provisions for credit losses 
and higher net operating income, in part offset by higher costs. 
International's net operating income for 2020 amounted to KD 206 million compared to KD 221 million for 
2019. The decrease of KD 15 million, or 6.6 per cent., primarily reflected lower benchmark rates and tighter 
margins, in part offset by growth in loans and advances to customers and growth in debt investment securities 
and higher fee income. International's profit was KD 50 million for 2020 compared to KD 112 million for 
2019. The decrease of KD 62 million, or 55.5 per cent. in net profit, primarily reflected expected credit losses 
in respect of operations in Lebanon, provisions for credit losses for a regional corporate customer, lower net 
operating income and higher costs. 
FINANCIAL POSITION 
Assets 
The following table shows data regarding the Group's assets as at the dates indicated. 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
 
 
(KD 
thousands) 
(per cent.) 
(KD 
thousands) 
(per cent.) 
(KD 
thousands) 
(per cent.) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and short term funds ........  
5,086,625 
14.8 
5,081,991 
15.3 
3,903,371 
13.1 
3,787,173 
12.9 
Central Bank of Kuwait bonds ..  
847,979 
2.5 
830,054 
2.5 
830,233 
2.8 
823,229 
2.8 
Kuwait Government treasury 
bonds ........................................  
266,887 
0.8 
417,016 
1.3 
462,922 
1.6 
662,175 
2.3 
Deposits with banks ..................  
1,169,014 
3.4 
885,280 
2.7 
1,027,373 
3.5 
1,909,081 
6.5 
Loans, advances and Islamic 
financing to customers ..............  
20,138,337 
58.7 
19,722,471 
59.3 
17,504,342 
58.9 
16,552,598 
56.5 
Investment securities ................  
5,134,677 
15.0 
4,910,798 
14.8 
4,728,778 
15.9 
4,214,562 
14.4 
Investment in associates ...........  
3,619 
0.0 
3,746 
0.0 
5,195 
0.0 
35,297 
0.1 
Land, premises and equipment ..  
464,005 
1.4 
456,209 
1.4 
426,963 
1.4 
433,540 
1.5 
Goodwill and intangible assets..  
570,998 
1.7 
581,264 
1.7 
581,881 
2.0 
582,927 
2.0 
Other assets ..............................  
600,546 
1.8 
367,757 
1.1 
246,333 
0.8 
270,171 
0.9 
Total assets ..............................  
34,282,687 
100.0 
33,256,586 
100.0 
29,717,391 
100.0 
29,270,753 
100.0 
 
The Group's total assets increased by 3.1 per cent. to KD 34.3 billion as at 30 June 2022 from KD 33.3 billion 
as at 31 December 2021. The increase in total assets was principally attributable to increases in loans, 
advances and Islamic financing to customers, deposits with banks, investment securities and other assets. The 
Group's total assets increased by 11.9 per cent. to KD 33.3 billion as at 31 December 2021 from KD 29.7 
billion as at 31 December 2020. The increase in total assets was principally attributable to increases in loans, 
advances and Islamic financing to customers and in cash and short-term funds. 
The Group's total assets increased by 1.5 per cent. to KD 29.7 billion as at 31 December 2020 from KD 29.3 
billion as at 31 December 2019. The increase in total assets was principally attributable to an increase in 
loans, advances and Islamic financing to customers, investment securities and the impact of the BLME 
consolidation offset by decline in deposits with banks. 
The Group's three most significant asset classes are its loans, advances and Islamic financing to customers, 
its investment securities and its cash and short-term funds. 
Loans, advances and Islamic financing to customers 
The Group's total customer loan portfolio comprising loans, advances and Islamic financing provided to 
customers (net of provisions) was KD 20.1 billion as at 30 June 2022.

--- Page 153 ---
136 
 
The table below shows the Group's customer loan portfolio, provisions and loan to deposit ratio as at 30 June 
2022 and as at 31 December in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
As at 30 
June 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
 
 
(KD in thousands, except 
percentages) 
Gross loans(1) ..............................................................................  
20,943,265 
20,355,995 
18,191,566 
17,061,334 
Less: provision for credit losses ..................................................  
(804,928) 
(633,524) 
(687,224) 
(508,736) 
Net loans(2) .................................................................................  
20,138,337 
19,722,471 
17,504,342 
16,552,598 
Net loans/customer and financial institution deposits .................  
88.7% 
92.1% 
87.4% 
83.2% 
Net loans/total deposits(3) ............................................................  
71.9% 
73.4% 
72.9% 
68.8% 
 _______________  
(1) Gross loans comprise total loans, advances and Islamic financing provided to customers. 
(2) Net loans comprise gross loans less provisions. 
(3) Total deposits comprise customer deposits, due to banks, deposits from other financial institutions and certificates of deposit issued. 
The Group's customer loan portfolio is principally denominated in Kuwaiti dinar, although loans are also 
made in U.S. dollars, Egyptian pounds, pounds sterling and euro, among other currencies. The Group believes 
that there is only limited structural cross-currency exposure as the majority of its assets and liabilities are 
match-funded in currency terms. In addition, the Group hedges a part of its currency exposure through the 
use of derivative contracts, such as forward foreign exchange contracts. 
The majority of loans within the Group's customer loan portfolio in Kuwait contain terms to adjust the interest 
rate payable by the customer upon any change in the CBK discount rate or the relevant interbank benchmark. 
The Group believes that there is only limited structural exposure to interest rate movements as the majority 
of its assets and liabilities re-price within one year. However, the Group's experience is that, whilst its assets 
generally re-price immediately upon a change in the CBK discount rate, there is a time lag on deposit re-
pricing which means that its net interest margin improves in an increasing interest rate environment and 
contracts in a decreasing interest rate environment, such as in 2020. In the case of certain retail loans 
denominated in Kuwaiti dinar, the Group is exposed to some interest rate risk, since interest rates on those 
loans are not re-priced for the first five years and then the subsequent permitted adjustments are restricted in 
amount. 
The Group may also, from time to time, enter into interest rate swaps to manage its interest rate exposure. 
Distribution of customer loans by maturity 
The table below shows the distribution of the Group's net customer loan portfolio by maturity (based on 
contractual cash flows and maturity dates) as at 30 June 2022 and as at 31 December 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
Up to 3 months 
3 to 12 months 
Over 1 year 
Total 
 
(KD thousands) 
30 June 2022 ........................................................... 
5,797,854 
2,360,183 
11,980,300 
20,138,337 
31 December 2021 .................................................. 
5,278,548 
2,336,434 
12,107,489 
19,722,471 
31 December 2020 .................................................. 
5,094,225 
2,021,684 
10,388,433 
17,504,342 
31 December 2019 .................................................. 
4,082,071 
2,653,219 
9,817,308 
16,552,598 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Distribution of customer loans by geographical region 
The table below shows the distribution of the Group's gross customer loan portfolio by geographical region 
as at 31 December 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
MENA 
North 
America 
Europe 
Asia 
Other 
Total 
 
(KD thousands) 
31 December 2021 .........................  
17,778,524 
398,607 
1,469,405 
366,562 
342,897 
20,355,995 
31 December 2020 .........................  
15,986,938 
409,519 
1,230,075 
367,708 
197,326 
18,191,566

--- Page 154 ---
137 
 
 
MENA 
North 
America 
Europe 
Asia 
Other 
Total 
31 December 2019 .........................  
15,306,586 
387,169 
729,331 
379,836 
258,412 
17,061,334 
 
Distribution of customer type 
The table below shows the distribution of the Group's customer loan portfolio by customer type as at 31 
December 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
Gross exposure 
Specific provisions 
Exposure net of provisions 
 
(KD thousands) 
31 December 2021 
 
 
 
Corporate  ..................................... 
13,331,508 
(42,469) 
13,289,039 
Retail ..............................................  
7,024,487 
(81,388) 
6,943,099 
Customer loan portfolio ...............  
20,355,995 
(123,857) 
20,232,138 
Less general provision ....................  
 
 
(509,667) 
Total ...............................................  
 
 
19,722,471 
31 December 2020 
 
 
 
Corporate  ..................................... 
12,106,352 
(70,880) 
12,035,472 
Retail ..............................................  
6,085,214 
(100,173) 
5,985,041 
Customer loan portfolio ...............  
18,191,566 
(171,053) 
18,020,513 
Less general provision ....................  
 
 
(516,171) 
Total ...............................................  
 
 
17,504,342 
31 December 2019 
 
 
 
Corporate ........................................  
11,423,765 
(43,415) 
11,380,350 
Retail ..............................................  
5,637,569 
(68,251) 
5,569,318 
Customer loan portfolio ...............  
17,061,334 
(111,666) 
16,949,668 
Less general provision ....................  
 
 
(397,070) 
Total ...............................................  
 
 
16,552,598 
 
Distribution of the Group's maximum exposure to credit risk by sector 
The Group's maximum exposure to credit risk comprises its customer loan portfolio plus its debt investments, 
deposits with banks and certain other assets at year end. The table below shows the breakdown by industry 
sector of the Group's maximum exposure to credit risk as at 31 December 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(KD thousands) 
Trading .......................................................................................................................  
1,955,757 
2,123,271 
2,106,532 
Manufacturing ............................................................................................................  
3,032,890 
3,144,536 
2,797,628 
Banks and other financial institutions .........................................................................  
11,215,434 
9,936,940 
10,541,633 
Construction ...............................................................................................................  
1,579,115 
1,599,860 
1,455,836 
Real estate ..................................................................................................................  
3,975,689 
3,842,488 
3,463,146 
Retail ..........................................................................................................................  
6,807,769 
5,841,638 
5,506,856 
Government ................................................................................................................  
3,972,888 
3,558,422 
3,571,248 
Others .........................................................................................................................  
4,607,881 
3,796,229 
3,538,473 
Total ...........................................................................................................................  
37,147,423 
33,843,384 
32,981,352 
 
The Group seeks to limit its credit risk through diversification of its assets by geography and industry sector. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group's exposure to banks and other financial institutions, before taking into 
account any collateral held or credit enhancements, accounted for 30.2 per cent. of its maximum exposure to 
credit risk 50.3 per cent. of the Group's exposure to banks and other financial institutions as at 31 December 
2021 was in the form of short-dated inter-bank placements and 15.5 per cent. was in the form of trade finance 
exposures. As at 31 December 2020, the Group's exposure to banks and other financial institutions, before 
taking into account any collateral held or credit enhancements, accounted for 29.4 per cent. of its maximum 
exposure to credit risk compared to 32.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2019. Approximately 45.4 per cent. of 
the Group's exposure to banks and other financial institutions as at 31 December 2020 was in the form of 
short-dated inter-bank placements (47.9 per cent. as at 31 December 2019) and approximately 18.8 per cent. 
was in the form of trade finance exposures (17.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2019). 
The Group's second major sector of credit exposure is the retail segment, which accounted for 18.3 per cent. 
of the Group's maximum exposure to credit risk at 31 December 2021, and represented loans made to a

--- Page 155 ---
138 
 
diverse base of individual borrowers and a small number of small and medium sized enterprises ("SMEs"). 
These exposures mainly comprise a range of products and services to individuals, including consumer loans, 
credit cards, deposits, foreign exchange credit facilities to SMEs and other branch-related services. 
The government sector constituted 10.7 per cent. of the Group's maximum exposure to credit risk as at 31 
December 2021 and represented exposures to Kuwaiti Government treasury bonds, investment securities 
issued by governments and government entities and credit facilities to government entities. 
The real estate sector constituted 10.7 per cent. of the Group's maximum exposure to credit risk at 31 
December 2021. As per CBK regulations, the real estate segment includes not only credit facilities granted 
to companies engaged in real estate business but also to borrowers where the purpose of the specific facility 
concerned is to finance real estate development and acquisition. The Group's exposure to this sector is also 
spread across Kuwait and certain major cities internationally, including in the United States and the United 
Kingdom. In all cases, the Group has full recourse to all the assets and resources of the borrower concerned, 
which, with only limited exceptions, includes assets beyond those being financed. 
The Group's loans that finance the trading of securities listed on the Kuwait Stock Exchange are regulated 
and monitored by the CBK which requires that this lending does not exceed the lower of 10 per cent. of the 
total credit facilities portfolio granted to resident customers and 25 per cent. of the Group's regulatory capital. 
Investment securities 
The Group's investment securities portfolio comprises treasury bills and bonds (with maturities ranging from 
short-term to in excess of three years) issued by the CBK on behalf of the Kuwaiti Ministry of Finance, bonds 
issued by the CBK (with maturities of less than one year), a portfolio of investments at amortised cost and at 
fair value through other comprehensive income and equity investment securities and certain other 
investments. The Group invests in these securities both to generate returns and to provide an additional source 
of liquidity when needed. 
The table below shows the Group's investment securities portfolio as at 30 June 2022 and as at 31 December 
2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
As at 30 June 
2022 
As at 31 
December 
2021 
As at 31 
December 
2020 
 
As at 31 
December 
2019 
 
(KD thousands) 
CBK bonds (amortised cost) .............................................. 
847,979 
830,054 
830,233 
823,229 
Kuwait Government treasury bonds (amortised cost) ........ 
266,887 
417,016 
462,922 
662,175 
Non Kuwaiti government debt securities 
 
 
 
 
Amortised cost ................................................................... 
909,142 
970,431 
833,188 
810,156 
Fair value through other comprehensive income ............... 
2,138,016 
2,059,801 
1,813,428 
1,661,773 
Non-government debt securities 
 
 
 
 
Fair value through other comprehensive income ............... 
1,735,211 
1,577,773 
1,787,677 
1,510,270 
Fair value through statement of income ............................. 
18,047 
18,865 
18,828 
- 
Equities 
 
 
 
 
Fair value through other comprehensive income ............... 
39,045 
39,135 
37,531 
43,125 
Fair value through statement of income ............................. 
34,550 
34,142 
25,811 
26,935 
Other investments 
 
 
 
 
Fair value through statement of income ............................. 
260,666 
210,651 
212,315 
162,303 
Total .................................................................................. 
6,249,543 
6,157,868 
6,021,933 
5,699,966 
 
The Group's investment policy requires all investments in debt securities to have an investment grade rating, 
except for sovereign securities denominated and funded in local currencies in countries where the Group has 
an operating presence.

--- Page 156 ---
139 
 
Excluding Central Bank of Kuwait bonds and Kuwaiti Government treasury bonds, the Group's investment 
portfolio comprised 59.3 per cent. non–Kuwait government debt, 34.1 per cent. non–government debt, 1.4 
per cent. equities and 5.1 per cent. other investments as at 30 June 2022, of which 76.2 per cent. were held at 
fair value through other comprehensive income, 17.7 per cent. were held at amortised cost and 6.1 per cent. 
were held at fair value through statement of income. 
Cash and short term funds 
The tables below show the Group's cash and short term funds as at 30 June 2022 and as at 31 December 2021, 
2020 and 2019. 
 
As at 30 June 2022 
 
(KD thousands) 
(per cent.) 
 
 
 
Cash on hand ..............................................................................................................  
244,517 
4.8 
Current account with other banks ...............................................................................  
1,634,808 
32.1 
Money at call ..............................................................................................................  
835,246 
16.4 
Balances and deposits with the Central Bank of Kuwait .............................................  
395,253 
7.8 
Deposits and murabaha with banks maturing within seven days.................................  
2,003,148 
39.4 
Expected credit losses .................................................................................................  
(26,347) 
(0.5) 
Total cash and short term funds ..............................................................................  
5,086,625 
100.0 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(KD 
thousands) 
(per cent.) 
(KD 
thousands) 
(per 
cent.) 
(KD 
thousands) 
(per 
cent.) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash on hand ....................................................... 
235,167 
4.6 
228,294 
5.8 
235,524 
6.2 
Current account with other banks ........................ 
2,463,291 
48.5 
738,927 
18.9 
961,974 
25.4 
Money at call ....................................................... 
586,478 
11.5 
874,975 
22.4 
361,590 
9.5 
Balances and deposits with the Central Bank of 
Kuwait ................................................................. 
1,144,707 
22.5 
1,579,692 
40.5 
1,037,191 
27.4 
Deposits and murabaha with banks maturing 
within seven days................................................. 
679,141 
13.4 
494,477 
12.7 
1,191,698 
31.5 
Expected credit losses .......................................... 
(26,793) 
(0.5) 
(12,994) 
(0.3) 
(804) 
(0.0) 
Total cash and short term funds ....................... 
5,081,991 
100.0 
3,903,371 
100.0 
3,787,173 
100.0 
 
The Group's cash and short-term funds, consisting of cash on hand, current accounts with other banks, money 
at call, balances with the CBK and deposits and murabaha with banks maturing within seven days, was KD 
5.1 billion as at 30 June 2022. 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group has recognised an ECL of KD 26 million in respect of cash and short term 
funds mainly relating to operations in Lebanon. 
The Group's cash and short-term funds increased by 0.1 per cent. to KD 5.1 billion as at 30 June 2022, the 
same level as at 31 December 2021. The Group's cash and short-term funds increased by 30.2 per cent to KD 
5.1 billion as at 31 December 2021 from KD 3.9 billion as at 31 December 2020. The increase principally 
reflected an increase in current account with other banks partially offset by declines in money at call and 
balances with the CBK.

--- Page 157 ---
140 
 
Total liabilities 
The following table presents data regarding the Group's liabilities as at 30 June 2022 and as at 31 December 
2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
 
 
(KD 
thousands) 
(per cent.) 
(KD 
thousands) 
(per cent.) 
(KD 
thousands) 
(per cent.) 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Due to banks .....................  
3,979,719 
13.3 
4,098,688 
14.2 
3,052,326 
11.9 
3,605,888 
14.4 
Deposits from other 
financial institutions ..........  
3,773,338 
12.7 
3,135,629 
10.9 
2,929,247 
11.5 
3,976,041 
15.9 
Customer deposits .............  
18,920,892 
63.4 
18,280,989 
63.5 
17,104,232 
66.9 
15,930,577 
63.7 
Certificates of deposit 
issued ................................  
1,350,557 
4.5 
1,339,354 
4.7 
918,862 
3.6 
538,611 
2.2 
Other borrowed funds........  
1,200,951 
4.0 
1,266,582 
4.4 
808,665 
3.2 
351,960 
1.4 
Other liabilities..................  
599,588 
2.0 
668,227 
2.3 
763,004 
3.0 
608,516 
2.4 
Total liabilities .................  
29,825,045 
100.0 
28,789,469 
100.0 
25,576,336 
100.0 
25,011,593 
100.0 
 
The Group's total liabilities increased by 3.6 per cent. to KD 29.8 billion as at 30 June 2022 from KD 28.8 
billion at 31 December 2021. The increase was principally due to increases in customer deposits and deposits 
from other financial institutions. The Group's total liabilities increased by 12.6 per cent. to KD 28.8 billion 
as at 31 December 2021 from KD 25.6 billion at 31 December 2020. The increase was principally due to 
increases in customer deposits, due to banks and certificates of deposit issued offset by decline in deposits 
from other financial institutions. 
The Group's total liabilities increased by 2.3 per cent. to KD 25.6 billion as at 31 December 2020 from KD 
25.0 billion at 31 December 2019. The increase was principally due to an increase in customer deposits, 
certificates of deposit and other borrowed funds partially offset by a decrease in due to banks and deposits 
from other financial institutions. 
The Group has three principal liabilities classes: customer deposits, due to banks and deposits from other 
financial institutions. 
Customer deposits 
The Group's customer deposits comprise current and demand accounts, savings accounts and time deposits. 
The Group's current and demand accounts are mostly non-interest bearing and amounts may be withdrawn 
from these accounts at any time without notice. The Group's savings accounts are interest-bearing accounts 
and amounts may also be withdrawn from these accounts at any time without notice. 
The Group believes that its current, demand and savings accounts are diversified and constitute a stable and 
secure source of low-cost funding. The Group's current, demand and savings accounts (collectively, "sight 
deposits") form a significant proportion of its total customer deposits. 
The Group accepts time deposits for a range of periods up to five years. 
The following table shows the Group's customer deposits by location as at 30 June 2022 and as at 31 
December 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(KD thousands) 
Domestic ................................................ 
13,167,200 
12,882,265 
12,849,741 
11,597,598 
International ........................................... 
5,753,692 
5,398,724 
4,254,491 
4,332,979

--- Page 158 ---
141 
 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(KD thousands) 
Total customer deposits ....................... 
18,920,892 
18,280,989 
17,104,232 
15,930,577 
Customer deposits increased by 3.5 per cent. to KD 18.9 billion as at 30 June 2022 from KD 18.3 billion as 
at 31 December 2021. The increase was principally attributable to time and sight deposits. Customer deposits 
increased by 6.9 per cent. to KD 18.3 billion as at 31 December 2021 from KD 17.1 billion as at 31 December 
2020. The increase was principally attributable to an increase in both sight and time deposits. 
Customer deposits increased by 7.4 per cent. to KD 17.1 billion as at 31 December 2020 from KD 15.9 billion 
as at 31 December 2019. The increase was principally attributable to an increase in sight deposits and Islamic 
banking deposits. 
Due to banks 
Amounts due to banks declined by 2.9 per cent. to KD 4.0 billion as at 30 June 2022 compared to KD 4.1 
billion as at 31 December 2021. The decrease was primarily attributable to time deposits. Amounts due to 
banks increased by 34.3 per cent. to KD 4.1 billion as at 31 December 2021 compared to KD 3.1 billion as 
at 31 December 2020. The increase was primarily attributable to increases in both sight and time deposits. 
Amounts due to banks declined by 15.4 per cent. to KD 3.1 billion as at 31 December 2020 compared to KD 
3.6 billion as at 31 December 2019. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decline in time deposits and 
Islamic banking deposits. 
Deposits from other financial institutions 
Deposits from other financial institutions increased by 20.3 per cent. to KD 3.7 billion as at 30 June 2022 
compared to KD 3.1 billion as at 31 December 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to sight deposits. 
Deposits from other financial institutions increased by 7.0 per cent. to KD 3.1 billion as at 31 December 2021 
compared to KD 2.9 billion as at 31 December 2020. The increase was primarily attributable to both sight 
and time deposits. 
Deposits from other financial institutions declined by 26.3 per cent. to KD 2.9 billion as at 31 December 
2020 compared to KD 4.0 billion as at 31 December 2019. The decrease was primarily attributable to a 
decline in time deposits and Islamic banking deposits. 
LIQUIDITY, FUNDING AND CAPITAL 
Liquidity 
The Group's liquidity needs arise primarily from making loans, advances and Islamic finance available to 
customers, the payment of expenses and investments in securities. The Group's liquidity needs have been 
funded principally through deposits and operating cash flow, including interest and profit income received 
on its customer loan portfolio and its portfolio of debt investment securities. The Group also holds significant 
liquid assets to cover short term liquidity needs. 
The following tables show the composition of the Group's liquid assets as at 30 June 2022 and as at 31 
December in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
As at 30 June 
 
 
2022 
 
(KD thousands, except percentage contribution columns) 
 
 
Cash and short term funds ........................................................  
5,086,625  
43.9 
CBK Bonds ..............................................................................  
847,979  
7.3 
Kuwait Government treasury bonds .........................................  
266,887  
2.3 
Deposits with banks ..................................................................  
1,169,014  
10.1 
Investment securities(1) ..................................................................................  
4,225,535  
36.4 
Total liquid assets ........................................................................................  
11,596,040 
100.0 
 ____________________  
(1) 
Excludes investment securities held at amortised cost.

--- Page 159 ---
142 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(KD thousands, except percentage contribution columns) 
 
 
Cash and short term funds ....................... 
5,081,991 
45.6% 
3,903,371 
38.6% 
3,787,173 
35.8% 
CBK Bonds ............................................. 
830,054 
7.4% 
830,233 
8.2% 
823,229 
7.8% 
Kuwait Government treasury bonds ........ 
417,016 
3.7% 
462,922 
4.6% 
662,175 
6.3% 
Deposits with banks ................................. 
885,280 
7.9% 
1,027,373 
10.2% 
1,909,081 
18.0% 
Investment securities(1) ......................................  
3,940,367 
35.3% 
3,895,590 
38.5% 
3,404,406 
32.2% 
Total liquid assets ............................................  
11,154,708 
100.0% 
10,119,489 
100.0% 
10,586,064 
100.0% 
 _______________  
(1) Excludes investment securities held at amortised cost. 
Capital expenditure 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group had commitments in respect of capital expenditure amounting to KD 94 
million. Management has allocated the necessary resources in respect of these commitments and believes 
that future income and funding will be sufficient to cover these commitments. 
Funding 
The Group's principal sources of funding are its customer deposits and, to a lesser extent, interbank deposits. 
The Group also has access to a pool of unencumbered and liquid securities in the form of treasury bills and 
bonds and CBK bonds as well as quoted available for sale debt and equity securities that it can access to meet 
liquidity needs (including via repurchases of its investment securities portfolio), in addition to its cash 
balances and placements with central banks and other financial institutions. 
The Group's customer deposits were KD 18.9 billion, or 63.4 per cent. of its total liabilities, as at 30 June 
2022. Kuwaiti Government and quasi-governmental deposits ranged from a high of 23 per cent. in 2019 to a 
low of 10 per cent. in June 2022 of the Group's total funding in the period between 1 January 2019 and 30 
June 2022. 
Other borrowed funds in the form of global medium term notes, global medium term sukuk, subordinated 
Tier 2 bonds and medium term borrowings from banks and financial institutions at 30 June 2022 were KD 
305 million, KD 380 million, KD 241 million and KD 274 million, respectively. Short-term certificates of 
deposit issued by the Group and outstanding as at 30 June 2022 were KD 1,351 million. Perpetual Tier 1 
securities of KD 211 million (U.S.$700 million) issued in 2021 and KD 228 million (U.S.$750 million) issued 
in 2019 form part of the Group's equity funding. 
On 18 November 2020, the Group announced its successful redemption of the KD 125 million subordinated 
Tier 2 bonds issued on 18 November 2015 and its issuance of KD 150 million subordinated Tier 2 bonds due 
in 2030. On 23 November 2020, the Group announced an issuance of USD 300 million subordinated Tier 2 
bonds due in 2030. 
The table below shows the Group's funding in the form of customer deposits, due to banks and other amounts 
due to financial institutions, certificates of deposit issued and other borrowed funds as at 30 June 2022 and 
as at 31 December in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
As at 30 June  
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
 
(KD thousands, except percentage contribution column) 
Customer deposits...........................................................  
18,920,892 
64.7 
18,280,989 
65.0 
Due to banks ...................................................................  
3,979,719 
13.6 
4,098,688 
14.6 
Deposits from other financial institutions ........................  
3,773,338 
12.9 
3,135,629 
11.2 
Certificates of deposit issued...........................................  
1,350,557 
4.6 
1,339,354 
4.8 
Other borrowed funds .....................................................  
1,200,951 
4.1 
1,266,582 
4.5 
Total funding.................................................................  
29,225,457 
100.0 
28,121,242 
100.0 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(KD thousands, except percentage contribution columns) 
 
 
Customer deposits............................................................  
17,104,232 
68.9 
15,930,577 
65.3 
Due to banks ....................................................................  
3,052,326 
12.3 
3,605,888 
14.8 
Deposits from other financial institutions .........................  
2,929,247 
11.8 
3,976,041 
16.3 
Certificates of deposit issued............................................  
918,862 
3.7 
538,611 
2.2 
Other borrowed funds ......................................................  
808,665 
3.3 
351,960 
1.4 
Total funding..................................................................  
24,813,332 
100.0 
24,403,077 
100.0

--- Page 160 ---
143 
 
 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group's customer deposits accounted for 64.7 per cent. of its total funding. 
The table below shows the maturity profile of the Group's total funding as at 30 June 2022 and as at 31 
December 2021, 2020 and 2019. This analysis is based on contractual cash flows and maturity data. 
 
Up to 3 months 
3 to 12 months 
Over 1 year 
Total 
 
(KD thousands) 
As at 30 June 2022 
 
 
 
 
Due to banks ...........................................................  
3,410,154 
569,381 
184 
3,979,719 
Deposits from other financial institutions ...............  
2,150,886 
1,620,919 
1,533 
3,773,338 
Customer deposits ...................................................  
14,931,277 
3,394,624 
594,991 
18,920,892 
Certificates of deposit issued ..................................  
1,174,052 
176,505 
- 
1,350,557 
Other borrowed funds .............................................  
5,804 
- 
1,195,147 
1,200,951 
Total .......................................................................  
21,672,173 
5,761,429 
1,791,855 
29,225,457 
As at 31 December 2021 
 
 
 
 
Due to banks ...........................................................  
3,538,646 
552,262 
7,780 
4,098,688 
Deposits from other financial institutions ...............  
1,808,888 
1,321,022 
5,719 
3,135,629 
Customer deposits ...................................................  
14,667,393 
2,868,447 
745,149 
18,280,989 
Certificates of deposit issued ..................................  
1,029,689 
309,665 
— 
1,339,354 
Other borrowed funds .............................................  
— 
240,109 
1,026,473 
1,266,582 
Total .......................................................................  
21,044,616 
5,291,505 
1,785,121 
28,121,242 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
Due to banks ...........................................................  
2,753,352 
298,696 
278 
3,052,326 
Deposits from other financial institutions ...............  
2,125,545 
792,989 
10,713 
2,929,247 
Customer deposits ...................................................  
14,636,146 
1,811,947 
656,139 
17,104,232 
Certificates of deposit issued ..................................  
633,231 
285,631 
— 
918,862 
Other borrowed funds .............................................  
— 
— 
808,665 
808,665 
Total .......................................................................  
20,148,274 
3,189,263 
1,475,795 
24,813,332 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
 
 
 
Due to banks ...........................................................  
2,994,022 
611,605 
261 
3,605,888 
Deposits from other financial institutions ...............  
2,723,467 
1,125,037 
127,537 
3,976,041 
Customer deposits ...................................................  
12,359,638 
2,953,053 
617,886 
15,930,577 
Certificates of deposit issued ..................................  
327,415 
211,196 
— 
538,611 
Other borrowed funds .............................................  
— 
— 
351,960 
351,960 
Total .......................................................................  
18,404,542 
4,900,891 
1,097,644 
24,403,077 
 
The Group has been actively working on diversifying its funding sources by targeting new funds from 
regional and international clients. While there has been a notable decline in deposit concentration ratios, the 
Group's deposit base is, at least in the near future, expected to remain relatively dependent on Kuwaiti 
Government and quasi-government entities given the dominant role of the Government in the oil sector and 
its significance to the Kuwait economy. Such deposits are booked for relatively long tenors and are well 
spread across different maturity dates so early signs of deposit withdrawals should provide the Group with 
sufficient time to consider other alternatives. The Group also enjoys a large base of smaller deposits with 
varying maturities from retail and corporate clients, which significantly reduces the concentration risk 
measured in terms of deposits from top clients to the total funding pool. 
CAPITAL ADEQUACY 
Capital adequacy, financial leverage and the use of various levels of regulatory capital are monitored 
regularly by Management and are also governed by guidelines of the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision (the "Basel Committee") as adopted by the CBK. 
The CBK's Basel III framework consists of three pillars: 
• 
Pillar 1 provides a framework for measuring capital requirements for credit, operational and market 
risks under the "Standardised Approach"; 
• 
Pillar 2 relates to the supervisory review process and emphasises the importance of the Internal 
Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP) performed by banks; and

--- Page 161 ---
144 
 
• 
Pillar 3 aims to complement the capital adequacy requirements under Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 by 
requiring banks to provide a consistent and understandable disclosure framework which facilitates 
comparison, thus enhancing the safety and soundness of the banking industry in Kuwait. 
The Basel III minimum requirements for capital are underpinned by a leverage ratio that serves as a backstop 
to the risk-based capital measures. There are also buffer requirements in the form of a capital conservation 
buffer, a countercyclical capital buffer, and an additional surcharge for banks designated as domestic 
systemically important. 
A key objective of the Group is to maximise shareholders' value with optimal levels of risk, whilst 
maintaining a strong capital base to support the development of its business and comply with externally-
imposed capital requirements. The Group aims to ensure adherence to the CBK's requirements by monitoring 
its capital adequacy and adopting both a capital forecasting process that ensures pro-active action is taken 
where necessary and a strategy that ensures a sufficient capital buffer above minimum required levels is 
maintained at all times. This process is supported by the use of proprietary capital-planning methodology, 
which takes into consideration regulatory capital requirements, rating agency views, stress-testing and 
bottom-up views of business plans. 
The table below sets out the minimum capital requirements and associated levels of regulatory capital 
expressed as a percentage of risk-weighted assets. 
Minimum Capital Requirement* 
Common 
Equity 
Tier 1 
Tier 1 
Total 
30 June 2022 ........................................................................................................... 
10.0% 
11.50% 
13.50% 
31 December 2021** 
9.0% 
10.50% 
12.50% 
31 December 2020 .................................................................................................. 
9.0% 
10.50% 
12.50% 
31 December 2019 .................................................................................................. 
11.5% 
13.0% 
15.0% 
 _________  
* 
Includes a Common Equity Tier 1 Domestic Systemically-Important Bank buffer of 2 per cent. 
** CET1 Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.5 per cent. for 31 December 2019 was reduced to nil by the CBK from 1 April 2020 until 
31 December 2021 and to 1 per cent. from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022 due to COVID-19. 
The minimum total capital requirement for the Kuwait banking sector generally is 13 per cent. (including a 
Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.5 per cent.). The Group, having been designated as a Domestic 
Systemically-Important Bank (D-SIB), is required to maintain an additional minimum capital of 2 per cent. 
at all levels. As at the date of this Base Prospectus and for each of the six months ended 30 June 2022 and 
2021, 2020 and 2019, the countercyclical capital buffer, ranging from 0 per cent. to 2.5 per cent., was not 
required in the minimum capital requirements and the CBK has not indicated when the countercyclical capital 
buffer may be required. To the extent such buffer is required, Basel Committee guidelines permit a lead 
period of 12 months to comply. In response to COVID-19, the CBK implemented various measures targeted 
at reinforcing the banking sector, including revising the Capital Conservation Buffer requirements of 2.5% 
of risk-weighted assets in the form of Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) minimum capital requirement to: 
• 
nil from 1 April 2020 to 31 December 2021; 
• 
1 per cent. from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022; and 
• 
the full 2.5 per cent. from 1 January 2023 onwards. 
Additionally, pursuant to the CBK's consumer loan deferral programme (see "—Significant Factors Affecting 
Results of Operations—Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic" above), the CBK has allowed, as part of the COVID-
19 support measures, the modification loss from the consumer loan deferral programme in 2020 to be charged 
directly to retained earnings rather than being recognised in the consolidated statement of income as required 
by IFRS 9.  Furthermore, for regulatory capital purposes, the modification losses incurred in 2020 are to be 
amortised equally against retained earnings over four years starting in 2021. No similar special regulatory 
treatment has been afforded to modification losses incurred as a result of consumer loan deferrals in 2021 or 
in the six months ended 30 June 2022, which were offset by an equivalent amount receivable from the 
Government of Kuwait as a Government grant. Modification losses in 2020 totalled KD 130 million. 
With effect from the quarterly reporting period ending 30 September 2019, the CBK has amended certain 
sections of its Basel III Capital Regulations relating to claims on sovereign and public-sector entities outside 
Kuwait. In particular, claims on a sovereign outside Kuwait denominated in the local currency will be risk-
weighted at 0 per cent. only to the extent the claim represents mandatory liquidity requirements in the

--- Page 162 ---
145 
 
jurisdiction concerned, provided the local regulator also allows such treatment and the Group has a local 
operating presence. All claims on a sovereign beyond the liquidity requirements in its local currency will be 
risk-weighted based strictly on the relevant credit rating(s) assigned by accredited external credit assessment 
institutions, and at 100 per cent. if the sovereign is not rated. Claims on public sector entities outside Kuwait 
are risk-weighted one grade lower than their sovereign. In the light of such regulatory amendments, the Group 
has made adjustments to, and refined its capital, business portfolios and plans. 
The table below shows the composition of the Group's regulatory capital and its capital ratios as at 30 June 
2022 and as at 31 December in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019 (determined in accordance with Basel III as 
implemented in Kuwait). The reported capital ratios as at interim period-end dates within a year are lower 
than those for year-end dates as retained year-to-date profits (excluding the interim proposed dividends) are 
added to the regulatory capital base only at the year-end while asset growth during interim periods is factored 
into the interim risk weighted asset calculations. The CBK has allowed, as part of the COVID-19 support 
measures, the loss to retained earnings arising from the consumer loan deferral in 2020, to be amortised 
equally over four years starting in 2021 for regulatory capital purposes. See note 33 (Impact of COVID-19) 
to the 2020 Financial Statements for further details. 
 
As at 30 
June 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(KD thousands, except percentages) 
Risk-weighted assets: 
 
Credit risk-weighted assets .......................................... 
21,339,899 
20,655,372 
19,106,590 
18,492,659 
Operational risk-weighted assets ................................. 
1,599,450 
1,590,127 
1,580,581 
1,567,314 
Market risk-weighted assets ........................................ 
360,408 
312,466 
364,955 
368,046 
Total risk-weighted assets(1) ......................................... 
23,299,758 
22,557,966 
21,052,127 
20,428,019 
Capital required(2) ........................................................ 
3,145,467 
2,819,746 
2,631,516 
3,064,203 
Capital available 
 
 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital(3) .................................. 
2,941,620 
3,009,218 
2,869,437 
2,754,674 
Additional Tier 1 capital(4) ........................................... 
525,899 
528,558 
493,786 
486,245 
Tier 1 capital(5) ........................................................... 
3,467,519 
3,537,776 
3,363,223 
3,240,919 
Tier 2 capital(6) ............................................................. 
557,757 
544,597 
517,546 
386,983 
Total capital ............................................................... 
4,025,276 
4,082,373 
3,880,769 
3,627,902 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(7)(8) ....... 
12.6% 
13.3% 
13.6% 
13.5% 
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio(7)(9) .................................. 
14.9% 
15.7% 
16.0% 
15.9% 
Total capital adequacy ratio(7)(10) .................................. 
17.3% 
18.1% 
18.4% 
17.8% 
 _______________  
Notes: 
(1) Risk-weighted assets are calculated under the standardised approach. 
(2) Capital required comprises the minimum total capital requirement of 13.5% for 2022, 12.5 per cent. for 2021 and 2020 and 15 per 
cent. for 2019. 
(3) Common Equity Tier 1 capital comprises share capital, share premium, eligible reserves, retained earnings and eligible non-
controlling interests net of regulatory adjustments. 
(4) Additional Tier 1 capital comprises Perpetual Tier 1 Capital Securities classified as equity and certain additional eligible portion of 
non-controlling interests. 
(5) Tier 1 capital comprises Common Equity Tier 1 capital and Additional Tier 1 capital which includes eligible portions of non-
controlling interests. 
(6) Tier 2 capital comprises Subordinated Tier 2 Bonds classified as debt, the allowed portions of general provisions and certain 
additional eligible non-controlling interests. 
(7) Calculated in accordance with the requirements of the CBK and the capital adequacy regulations issued by the CBK as stipulated 
in CBK Circular number 2/RB, RBA/A336/2014 dated 24 June 2014. 
(8) Common Equity Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio is defined as Common Equity Tier 1 capital divided by risk-weighted assets at a given 
date. 
(9) Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio is defined as Tier 1 capital resources divided by risk-weighted assets at a given date. 
(10) Total capital adequacy ratio is defined as total capital resources divided by risk-weighted assets at a given date. 
The Group is also subject to a CBK Basel III financial leverage ratio requirement of 3 per cent. The Group's 
financial leverage ratio was 10.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2019, 10.3 per cent. as at 31 December 2020, 
9.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2021 and 9.3 per cent. as at 30 June 2022. 
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES 
The Group has contingent liabilities in respect of funding commitments it has made as well in relation to 
acceptances, letters of credit and guarantees issued by it. The table below shows the Group's commitments 
and contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2022 and in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019.

--- Page 163 ---
146 
 
 
As at 30 
June 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(KD thousands) 
Guarantees ............................................................................................  
3,773,371 
3,760,575 
3,856,034 
3,891,746 
Irrevocable commitments to extend credit ............................................  
1,037,447 
1,067,102 
1,210,802 
701,471 
Letters of credit .....................................................................................  
643,622 
499,094 
432,378 
459,233 
Acceptances ..........................................................................................  
171,499 
158,338 
204,623 
237,145 
 
5,625,939 
5,485,109 
5,703,837 
5,289,595 
 
Guarantees issued represent irrevocable assurances that the Group will make payment in the event that a 
customer fails to meet its performance-related or financial obligations to third parties. 
Irrevocable commitments to extend credit include commitments to extend credit which are undrawn and 
which are irrevocable over the life of the facility or are revocable only in response to a material adverse 
change. Undrawn credit lines to customers represent unused portions of authorisations to extend credit in the 
form of loans. 
Documentary and commercial letters of credit, which are written undertakings by the Group on behalf of a 
corporate customer authorising a third party to draw drafts on the Group up to a stipulated amount under 
specific terms and conditions, generally relate to trade and may be collateralised by the underlying shipments 
of goods to which they relate, by cash deposits or otherwise. 
Acceptances represent a type of irrevocable credit that is payable under a time draft on or after a specific 
date, if the terms of the credit has been complied with. 
The total outstanding contractual amount of guarantees, undrawn credit lines, letters of credit, and 
acceptances does not necessarily represent future cash requirements, as these financial instruments may 
expire or terminate without being funded. 
The table below shows the Group's other credit-related and commercial commitments based on contractual 
repayment arrangements as at 31 December in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
Up to 3 
months 
3 to 12 months 
Over 1 year 
Total 
 
(KD thousands) 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2021 
 
 
 
 
Contingent liabilities .................................................. 
1,208,534 
1,725,044 
1,484,429 
4,418,007 
Irrevocable commitments .......................................... 
130,842 
360,213 
576,047 
1,067,102 
Total .......................................................................... 
1,339,376 
2,085,257 
2,060,476 
5,485,109 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
Contingent liabilities .................................................. 
1,152,531 
1,474,293 
1,866,211 
4,493,035 
Irrevocable commitments .......................................... 
91,853 
154,876 
964,073 
1,210,802 
Total .......................................................................... 
1,244,384 
1,629,169 
2,830,284 
5,703,837 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
 
 
 
 
Contingent liabilities .................................................. 
1,029,923 
1,392,635 
2,165,566 
4,588,124 
Irrevocable commitments .......................................... 
72,132 
149,425 
479,914 
701,471 
Total .......................................................................... 
1,102,055 
1,542,060 
2,645,480 
5,289,595 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In addition to the foregoing, the Group has commitments in respect of capital expenditure amounting to KD 
93 million as at 31 December 2021.

--- Page 164 ---
147 
 
CASH FLOWS 
The following tables show certain information about the consolidated cash flows of the Group for the periods 
indicated. 
 
Six months ended 30 June 
 
2022 
2021 
 
(KD thousands) 
Net cash from operating activities............................................................. 
828,813 
530,746 
Net cash (used in) investing activities ....................................................... 
(593,312) 
(18,390) 
Net cash (used in) financing activities ...................................................... 
(230,867) 
(57,701) 
Increase in cash and short term funds ....................................................... 
4,634 
454,655 
Cash and short term funds at the beginning of the period ......................... 
5,081,991 
3,903,371 
Cash and short term funds at the end of the period ................................... 
5,086,625 
4,358,026 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
(KD thousands) 
2019 
 
 
 
Net cash from operating activities...............................................  
1,025,284 
317,847 
1,300,724 
Net cash (used in) investing activities .........................................  
(227,304) 
(406,949) 
(553,717) 
Net cash from financing activities...............................................  
380,640 
205,300 
73,459 
Increase in cash and short term funds .........................................  
1,178,620 
116,198 
820,466 
Cash and short term funds at the beginning of the year ..............  
3,903,371 
3,787,173 
2,966,707 
Cash and short term funds at the end of the year.........................  
5,081,991 
3,903,371 
3,787,173 
 
Net cash from operating activities 
Net cash from operations for the six months ending 30 June 2022 was KD 829 million compared to KD 531 
million for the corresponding period in 2021. The principal contributors to net cash from operating activities 
were operating profit and changes in operating assets and liabilities. 
Net cash from operations for 2021 was KD 1,025 million compared to KD 318 million in 2020. The principal 
contributors to net cash from operating activities were operating profit and changes in operating assets and 
liabilities. 
Net cash from operations for 2020 was KD 318 million compared to KD 1,301 million in 2019. The principal 
contributors to net cash from operating activities were operating profit and changes in operating assets and 
liabilities. The decrease in net cash from operating activities principally reflected changes in operating assets 
and liabilities primarily due to higher net cash outflows in deposits from other financial institutions. 
Net cash (used in) investing activities 
Net cash used in investing activities for the six months ended 30 June 2022 was KD 593 million compared 
to KD 18 million for the corresponding period in 2021. The principal investment activities in each period 
were purchases and sales or redemptions of investment securities. The increase in net cash used in investment 
activities was mainly due to higher net purchases of investment securities. 
Net cash used in investing activities for 2021 was KD 227 million compared to KD 407 million in 2020. The 
principal investment activities in each period were purchases and sales or redemptions of investment 
securities. The decrease in net cash used in investment activities was mainly due to lower net purchases of 
investment securities. 
Net cash used in investing activities for 2020 was KD 407 million compared to KD 554 million in 2019. The 
principal investment activities in each period were purchases and sales or redemptions of investment 
securities. The decrease in net cash used in investment activities was mainly due to lower net purchase of 
investment securities and net additions to fixed assets. 
Net cash from/(used in) financing activities 
Net cash used in financing activities for the six months ended 30 June 2022 was KD 231 million compared 
to KD 58 million for the corresponding period in 2021. In the six months ended 30 June 2022, the principal 
cash inflow were from proceeds from the issuance of an unsecured sukuk by a subsidiary and proceeds from

--- Page 165 ---
148 
 
a capital increase in a subsidiary and the principal cash outflow was dividends paid and redemption of a series 
of global medium term notes. In the six months ended 30 June 2021, the principal cash inflows were the net 
proceeds from the issuance of a Perpetual Tier 1 Sukuk by a subsidiary and the principal cash outflow was 
dividends paid and redemption of Perpetual Tier 1 Sukuk by a subsidiary. 
Net cash from financing activities for 2021 was KD 381 million compared to KD 205 million in 2020. In 
2021, the principal cash inflow were from net increase in other borrowed funds and perpetual Tier 1 sukuk 
issued by a subsidiary and the principal cash outflow was dividends paid. In 2020, the principal cash inflows 
were the proceeds from the issuance of a sukuk by a subsidiary and from the issue of subordinated Tier 2 
bonds and the principal cash outflow was dividends paid. 
Net cash from financing activities for 2020 was KD 205 million compared to KD 73 million in 2019. In each 
year the principal cash outflow was dividends paid. The increase in net cash from financing activities was 
mainly due to proceeds from the issuance of a sukuk by a subsidiary and proceeds from an issue of 
subordinated Tier 2 bonds. 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
The Group's principal related party transactions are with the board members and executive officers of the 
Bank, their close family members and companies controlled by them or their close family members as well 
as with associates of the Group. IFRS requires the disclosure of shareholder related parties only in cases 
where those related parties exercise significant influence. On this basis, the Group determined that no 
shareholder had significant influence and therefore no shareholder related party transactions were disclosed. 
Certain related parties are customers of the Group in the ordinary course of business. Transactions with 
related parties are made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those 
prevailing at the same time for comparable transactions with unrelated parties and do not involve an amount 
of risk that is higher than the amount of risk taken in comparable transactions with unrelated parties. Lending 
to board members and their related parties is secured by tangible collateral in accordance with CBK 
regulations. 
The Group adheres to CBK guidelines on lending to related parties. Credit facilities to Board members can 
only be approved under conditions specified by the CBK which include the following: 
• 
all facilities to Board members must be approved for granting, renewing or modifying only by the 
Bank's Board of Directors and this authority cannot be delegated to a committee or authority; 
• 
the approval surrounding granting, renewal or modification of Board members' facilities can only be 
considered approved when at least three-quarters of the Board members have approved the same; 
and 
• 
the Bank must acquire adequate collateral as stipulated in the guidelines. 
Further credit extensions to connected and related parties are also subject to adherence to the overall 
regulatory concentration limits which include that the total related party exposures should not exceed 50 per 
cent. of a bank's capital base. 
Further information on the Group's related party transactions is set out in note 13 to the Interim Financial 
Statements, note 27 to the 2021 Financial Statements and note 29 to the 2020 Financial Statements. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group is not expecting and is not in the process of concluding any 
potential transactions of a material nature to be made with its related parties, other than those activities 
conducted in the normal course of business. 
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT RISK 
In common with other financial institutions, the Group faces a range of risks in its business and operations 
including credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk, market risk and operational risk. 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will cause a financial loss to the Group by failing to discharge an 
obligation owed to the Group. Credit risk arises in the Group's normal course of business. Concentrations of

--- Page 166 ---
149 
 
credit risk arise from exposure to customers having similar characteristics in terms of the geographic location 
in which they operate or the industry sector in which they are engaged, such that their ability to discharge 
contractual obligations may be similarly affected by changes in political, economic or other conditions. 
Credit risk can also arise due to a significant concentration of the Group's assets to any single counterparty. 
This risk is also managed by diversification of the portfolio. The 20 largest loans, advances and Islamic 
financing to customers outstanding as a percentage of gross loans, advances and Islamic financing to 
customers as at 30 June 2022 was 16 per cent. 
Credit limits are established for all customers after a careful assessment of their creditworthiness. Standing 
procedures, outlined in the Group's Credit Policy Manual, require that all credit proposals be subjected to 
detailed screening by the domestic or international credit control divisions pending submission to the 
appropriate credit committee. Whenever necessary, all credit facilities are secured by acceptable forms of 
collateral to mitigate the related credit risks. 
In accordance with the instructions of the Central Bank of Kuwait dated 18 December 1996, setting out the 
rules and regulations regarding the classification of credit facilities, the Group has formed an internal 
committee comprising competent professional staff and having as its purpose the study and evaluation of the 
existing credit facilities of each customer of the Group. This committee is required to identify any abnormal 
situations and difficulties associated with a customer's position which might cause the debt to be classified 
as irregular, and to determine an appropriate provisioning level. The committee, which meets regularly 
throughout the year, also studies the positions of those customers whose irregular balances exceed 25 per 
cent. of their total debt, in order to determine whether further provisions are required. 
The Group further limits risk through diversification of its assets by geography and industry sector. In 
addition, all credit facilities are continually monitored based on a periodic review of the credit performance 
and account rating. 
For further information regarding the Group's credit risk, see "Risk Factors—Factors that may Affect the 
Bank's Ability to Fulfil its Obligations in Respect of Notes Issued under the Programme—Credit risks" and 
"Risk Management—Principal Risks—Credit risk". 
Analysis of credit quality 
In managing its portfolio, the Group utilises ratings and other measures and techniques which seek to take 
account of all aspects of perceived risk. Credit exposures classified as 'High' quality are those where the 
ultimate risk of financial loss from the obligor's failure to discharge its obligation is assessed to be low. These 
include facilities to corporate entities with financial condition, risk indicators and capacity to repay which 
are considered to be good to excellent. Credit exposures classified as 'Standard' quality comprise all other 
facilities whose payment performance is fully compliant with contractual conditions and which are not 
'impaired'. The ultimate risk of possible financial loss on 'Standard' quality is assessed to be higher than that 
for the exposures classified within the 'High' quality range. 
Credit facilities are classified as 'past-due' when a payment has not been received on its contractual payment 
date, or if the facility is in excess of pre-approved limits. 
A credit facility is considered to be 'past-due and impaired' if the interest/profit or a principal instalment is 
past due for more than 90 days and if the carrying amount of the facility is greater than its estimated 
recoverable value. 
'Past due' and 'Past due and impaired' facilities are managed and monitored as 'irregular facilities' and are 
classified into the following four categories which are then used to guide the provisioning process: 
Category 
Criteria 
Watchlist 
Irregular for a period up to 90 days (inclusive) 
Substandard 
Irregular for a period between 91 and 180 days (inclusive) 
Doubtful 
Irregular for a period between 181 days and 365 days (inclusive) 
Bad 
Irregular for a period exceeding 365 days

--- Page 167 ---
150 
 
The Group may also include a credit facility in one of the above categories based on Management's judgement 
of a customer's financial and/or non-financial circumstances. 
The following table shows the Group's past due and impaired loans, advances and Islamic financings portfolio 
by category based on their delinquency as at 31 December 2021. 
 
Corporate 
Retail 
Total 
 
Past due and 
not 
impaired 
Past due and 
impaired 
Past due and 
not 
impaired 
Past due and 
impaired 
Past due and 
not 
impaired 
Past due and 
impaired 
 
(KD thousands) 
Up to 30 days ....................  
50,137 
2,235 
29,396 
17 
79,533 
2,252 
31-60 days ........................  
8,401 
43 
25,258 
12 
33,659 
55 
61-90 days ........................  
2,479 
3 
6,558 
- 
9,037 
3 
91-180 days ......................  
- 
6,203 
- 
11,263 
- 
17,466 
More than 180 days ..........  
- 
109.687 
- 
81,691 
- 
191,378 
 
61,017 
118,171 
61,212 
92,983 
122,229 
211,154 
 
The Group's impaired loans, advances and Islamic financings as a percentage of total gross loans, advances 
and Islamic financings was 1.04 per cent. as at 31 December 2021 compared to 1.72 per cent. as at 31 
December 2020 and 1.10 per cent. as at 31 December 2019. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will be unable to meet its financial liabilities when they fall due. To 
limit this risk, Management has arranged diversified funding sources, manages assets with liquidity in mind 
and monitors liquidity on a daily basis. To reduce this risk, the Group has elected to use diversified funding 
sources and to manage assets with the objective of maximising liquidity. 
For further information regarding the Group's liquidity risk, see "Risk Factors—Factors that may Affect the 
Bank's Ability to Fulfil its Obligations in Respect of Notes Issued under the Programme—Liquidity risks", 
"Risk Management—Principal Risks—Liquidity Risk" and "—Liquidity, Funding and Capital—Liquidity" 
above. 
Market risk 
Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of financial instruments will fluctuate due to 
changes in market prices. Market risk arises from open positions in interest rate, currency and equity products, 
all of which are exposed to general and specific market movements and changes in the level of volatility of 
market rates or prices such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates and equity prices. 
For additional information on market risk, see "Risk Factors—Factors that may Affect the Bank's Ability to 
Fulfil its Obligations in Respect of Notes Issued under the Programme—Market Risk" and "Risk 
Management—Principal Risks—Market Risk". 
Interest rate risk 
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate 
because of changes in market interest rates. 
The Group believes that it is not excessively exposed to interest rate risk as its assets and liabilities are re-
priced regularly and most exposures arising on medium term fixed rate lending or fixed rate borrowing are 
covered by interest rate swaps. In the case of certain retail loans denominated in Kuwaiti dinar, the Group is 
exposed to some interest rate risk, since interest rates on those loans are not re-priced for the first five years 
and then the subsequent permitted adjustments are restricted in amount. However the impact on these loans 
is limited, due to the varying maturity profile of such loans. Furthermore, the re-pricing gaps of its assets and 
liabilities are carefully monitored and controlled through limits pre-established by the Board and adjusted 
where necessary to reflect changing market conditions. 
The following table summarises the effect of assumed changes in interest rates on the Group's net interest 
income for one year, based on the interest bearing financial assets and financial liabilities held at year end. 
This includes the effect of hedging instruments but excludes loan commitments. The sensitivity on equity is 
the impact arising from changes in interest rates on the fair investments in debt securities classified as at fair

--- Page 168 ---
151 
 
value through other comprehensive income/available for sale. Sensitivity to interest rate movements is 
substantially symmetrical as financial instruments giving rise to non-symmetric movements are not 
significant. 
Based on the Group's financial assets and financial liabilities held at the year end, an assumed 25 basis points 
increase in interest rate, with all other variables held constant, would impact the Group's profit and equity as 
follows: 
 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
Currency 
Movement 
in basis 
points 
Effect on 
profit 
Effect on 
equity 
Effect on 
profit 
Effect on 
equity 
Effect on 
profit 
Effect on 
equity 
 
 
(KD thousands) 
KWD .............................................. 
+25 
9,290 
— 
8,761 
— 
7,588 
— 
USD ................................................ 
+25 
4,343 
—  
1,412 
(2) 
2,174 
(3) 
EUR ................................................ 
+25 
256 
— 
493 
— 
573 
— 
GBP ................................................ 
+25 
857 
— 
716 
— 
550 
— 
EGP ................................................ 
+25 
128 
(1,085) 
80 
(372) 
23 
(37) 
 
For further information regarding the Group's interest rate risk, including its interest sensitivity position, see 
note 28 to the 2021 Financial Statements, note 30 to the 2020 Financial Statements and "Risk Management—
Principal Risks—Market Risk—Interest rate risk". 
Foreign exchange risk 
Foreign exchange risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate 
because of changes in foreign exchange rates. 
Foreign exchange risks are controlled through limits pre-established by the Board on currency position 
exposures. In general, assets are typically funded in the same currency as that of the business being transacted 
to eliminate exchange exposures. Appropriate segregation of duties exists between the treasury front and 
back office functions, while compliance with position limits is independently monitored on an ongoing basis. 
For further information regarding the Group's net exposures denominated in foreign currencies, see "Risk 
Management—Principal Risks—Foreign exchange risk" and note 28 to the 2021 Financial Statements and 
note 30 to the 2020 Financial Statements. 
Equity price risk 
Equity price risk is the risk that the fair values of equities will fluctuate as a result of changes in the level of 
equity indices or the value of individual share prices. Equity price risk arises from the change in fair values 
of equity investments. The Group manages the risk through diversification of investments in terms of 
geographic distribution and industry concentration. For additional information on equity price risk, see "Risk 
Management— Principal Risks—Market Risk—Equity price risk". 
Operational risk 
Operational risk is the risk of loss arising from inadequate or failed internal processes, human error, systems 
failure or external events. The Group has a set of policies and procedures, which are approved by the Board 
and are applied to identify, assess and supervise operational risk in addition to other types of risks relating to 
the banking and financial activities of the Group. Operational risk is managed by the operational risk function, 
which ensures compliance with policies and procedures and monitors operational risk as part of overall global 
risk management. For additional information on operational risk, see "Risk Factors—Factors that may Affect 
the Bank's Ability to Fulfil its Obligations in Respect of Notes Issued under the Programme—Operational 
risks" and "Risk Management—Principal Risks—Operational Risk". 
DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
In the ordinary course of its business, the Group enters into a range of transactions that involve derivative 
financial instruments. The Group provides its customers and counterparties with structured transactions to 
reduce their risk profile in a particular area of risk. Hedging positions accumulated from such activities are 
typically offset through transactions with other market counterparties. The Group manages the risks involved 
in these activities through appropriate limits. These limits vary by product and maturity.

--- Page 169 ---
152 
 
The Group also uses derivative instruments for hedging purposes as part of its asset and liability management 
in order to reduce its exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange, interest rates and other risks. The Group 
uses forward foreign exchange contracts, cross currency swaps and interest rate swaps to hedge exchange 
rate and interest rate risks. The Group also uses interest rate swaps to hedge against the fair value risks arising 
on certain fixed rate financial instruments. 
The fair values of the Group's derivative financial instruments as at 30 June 2022 and as at 31 December in 
each of 2021, 2020 and 2019 are set out in note 12 to the Interim Financial Statements, note 26 to the 2021 
Financial Statements and 28 to the 2020 Financial Statements. 
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
The Annual Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted for use by Kuwait. 
For a discussion of the significant accounting policies applied by the Group generally, see note 2 to the 2021 
Financial Statements. 
In preparing the Group's financial statements, Management is required to make certain estimates, judgments 
and assumptions. These affect the reported amounts of the Group's assets and liabilities, including disclosure 
of contingent assets and liabilities, as at the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts 
of its revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Management bases its estimates and assumptions 
on historical experience and other factors that it believes to be reasonable at the time the estimates and 
assumptions are made and evaluates the estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. However, future 
events and their effects cannot be predicted with certainty and the determination of appropriate estimates and 
assumptions requires the use of judgment. Actual outcomes may differ from any estimates or assumptions 
made and such differences may be material to the financial statements. For a discussion of the most significant 
accounting estimates, judgments and assumptions made in the preparation of the Group's financial statements, 
see note 2.35 to the 2021 Financial Statements.

--- Page 170 ---
153 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP 
OVERVIEW 
The Bank was the first local bank and the first shareholding company to be established in Kuwait. The 
Group is the only banking group in Kuwait to have access to both the conventional and Islamic banking 
markets. 
As at 31 December 2021, and based on the 2021 Financial Statements and the publicly available financial 
statements of the Group's main domestic competitors for the same period, the Group was the largest bank 
in Kuwait in terms of: (i) total assets; (ii) total loans (which, in the Group's case also includes advances and 
Islamic financing to customers); and (iii) total customer deposits. As at 30 June 2022, the Group's equity 
attributable to shareholders of the Bank was KD 3,454 million. 
The Group's core businesses are consumer and private banking, corporate banking, Islamic banking (offered 
through its majority-owned subsidiary, Boubyan Bank) and investment banking and asset management 
(offered through its majority-owned subsidiary, Watani Investment Company K.S.C. (Closed) (known as 
"NBK Capital")). The Group is a regional banking group, focused on offering its products and services 
in Kuwait and other countries within the MENA region, including Bahrain, Egypt, Iraq, Lebanon, Saudi 
Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, in each of which it has a presence through a subsidiary or branches. 
The Bank offers its clients a wide range of banking and financial services through the largest branch network 
in Kuwait, which, as at 30 June 2022, comprised 66 branches, a network of more than 390 automated teller 
machines and customer deposit machines (together referred to as "ATMs") and over 16,800 point-of-sale 
("POS") terminals including near field communication ("NFC") enabled devices, tele-banking, internet 
banking and mobile banking. As at 30 June 2022, the Group served more than 3,000 corporate customers in 
its domestic Kuwait market. 
The Group currently operates through six financial reporting segments: 
• 
Consumer and private banking: the consumer banking segment provides a diversified range of 
products and services to individuals, including consumer loans, credit cards, deposits, foreign 
exchange, credit facilities to SMEs and other branch-related services. The private banking 
department provides customised banking services to high net worth individuals. In 2021, KD 304 
million, or 33.6 per cent., of the Group's net operating income was attributable to the consumer and 
private banking segment compared to KD 279 million, or 33.1 per cent., in 2020. For the six months 
ended 30 June 2022, KD 153 million, or 31.8 per cent., of the Group's net operating income was 
attributable to the consumer and private banking segment; 
• 
Corporate banking: corporate banking provides a comprehensive product and service offering 
to business and corporate customers, including lending, deposit-taking, trade finance, foreign 
exchange and advisory services. In 2021, KD 137 million, or 15.1 per cent., of the Group's net 
operating income was attributable to the corporate banking segment compared to KD 127 million, 
or 15.1 per cent., in 2020. For the six months ended 30 June 2022, KD 69 million, or 14.3 per cent., 
of the Group's net operating income was attributable to the corporate banking segment; 
• 
Investment banking and asset management: the investment banking function provides capital 
market advisory services to its client base. The asset management department provides wealth 
management, portfolio and funds management, custody and brokerage services. This reporting 
segment represents the financial results of NBK Capital. In 2021, KD 34 million, or 3.8 per cent., of 
the Group's net operating income was attributable to the investment banking and asset management 
reporting segment compared to KD 24 million, or 2.9 per cent., in 2020. For the six months ended 
30 June 2022, KD 20 million, or 4.2 per cent., of the Group's net operating income was attributable 
to the investment banking and asset management reporting segment; 
• 
Islamic banking: the Group's Islamic banking reporting segment represents the financial results of 
Boubyan Bank, the Group's Islamic banking subsidiary. In 2021, KD 194 million, or 21.4 per cent., 
of the Group's net operating income was attributable to the Islamic banking reporting segment 
compared to KD 172 million, or 20.4 per cent., in 2020. For the six months ended 30 June 2022, KD 
106 million, or 22.0 per cent., of the Group's net operating income was attributable to the Islamic 
banking reporting segment;

--- Page 171 ---
154 
 
• 
Group centre: the group centre reporting segment includes treasury, investments and other defined 
Group activities. The treasury department provides treasury services to its clients and is also 
responsible for the Group's liquidity. The group centre reporting segment also includes any residual 
in respect of transfer pricing and inter-segment allocations. In 2021, KD 13 million, or 1.4 per cent., 
of the Group's net operating income was attributable to the Group centre reporting segment compared 
to KD 35 million, or 4.1 per cent., in 2020. For the six months ended 30 June 2022, KD 15 million, 
or 3.2 per cent., of the Group's net operating income was attributable to the Group centre reporting 
segment; and 
• 
International: the international reporting segment comprises the activities of all branches, 
subsidiaries and associates of the Group outside Kuwait. In 2021, KD 224 million, or 24.7 per cent., 
of the Group's net operating income was attributable to the international segment compared to KD 
206 million, or 24.5 per cent., in 2020. For the six months ended 30 June 2022, KD 118 million, or 
24.5 per cent., of the Group's net operating income was attributable to the international segment. 
For further details on the Group's reporting segments, see "—Reporting Segments" below. 
The Bank is a public shareholding company which was incorporated in the State of Kuwait by an 
Amiri decree on 19 May 1952 (Amiri Decree dated 19 May 1952 permitting the foundation of National 
Bank of Kuwait) and commenced operations on 15 November 1952. The Bank is registered with the Kuwaiti 
Ministry of Commerce, with commercial registration number 8490, is licensed to conduct banking 
activities and is regulated by the CBK. The Bank's registered office is Sharq Area, Jaber Al-Mubarak 
and Al-Shuhada Street, Block 7, Plot 6, P.O. Box 95, Safat 13001, State of Kuwait and its telephone number 
is +965 2242 2011. 
Impact of COVID-19 
The Group's business has been impacted by COVID-19 in most of its locations leading to a more challenging 
operating environment across its network. The implementation of restrictive measures to control the spread 
of COVID-19 including curfews and border closures led to slower economic activity during the second 
quarter of 2020. The resultant economic slowdown had a significant impact on the Group's operations. The 
decrease in transaction volumes resulted in lower fees and commissions income, and low interest rates 
resulted in more pressure on interest margins. Additionally, the impact of non-oil GDP contraction, lower oil 
prices and the lock-down period, all increased the level of uncertainty for the outlook of the operating 
environment. 
The Group's financial results in 2020 were negatively impacted by the Group's implementation of the 
consumer and other instalment loans deferral scheme in the second quarter of 2020 in Kuwait. The KD 130 
million loss attributable to the Bank's equity shareholders was charged to retained earnings and the remaining 
loss to non-controlling interests. Based on the directions of the CBK, the impact of the loss on the Group's 
regulatory capital may be deferred beyond the year ended 31 December 2020, then to be subsequently 
amortised equally over four years starting in 2021. Although a similar scheme was implemented in 2021, the 
costs to the Bank of this scheme will be matched by a Government grant meaning that the Group's financial 
results in 2021 will be unaffected. 
The Group took proactive measures and activated emergency plans in the early stages of the COVID-19 
pandemic in order to protect employees and ensure a safe environment for business continuity. The Group 
began leveraging the flexibility of its business model by providing support and advice to customers facing 
financial difficulties through reliance on the Group's digital capabilities. This enabled the Group to maintain 
the level of service quality and accessibility that customers normally expect. 
Group-wide initiatives to reduce the impact of the pandemic on profitability consist of the following: 
• 
ensuring sustainability of revenues and controlling costs by intensifying the Group's efforts in the 
digitalisation field through fast tracking of the digital value propositions and increasing robotic 
process automation initiatives to automate more processes and achieve cost savings; 
• 
exploring opportunities to substantially grow the Group's wealth management business to diversify 
income geographically and to increase the share of fee-based and capital-light contribution; and

--- Page 172 ---
155 
 
• 
mitigating risks in the existing credit portfolio, where all significant exposures are being closely 
monitored and reviewed to assess impact of COVID-19 on the Group's corporate borrowers. 
For more information please see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results 
of Operations—Significant factors affecting results of operations - Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic" and 
"Risk Factors—Factors that may Affect the Bank's Ability to Fulfil its Obligations in Respect of Notes Issued 
under the Programme—Economic Risks—The outbreak of communicable diseases around the world, in 
particular the COVID-19 pandemic, has led to economic volatility, which may materially and adversely affect 
the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations". 
STRENGTHS 
The Group benefits from a number of business strengths. In particular: 
Largest banking group in Kuwait with a dominant market position 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group had total assets of KD 34,283 million, total loans, advances and Islamic 
financing to customers of KD 20,138 million and total customer deposits of KD 18,921 million, and as at 
30 June 2022 it was the largest banking group in Kuwait on all three metrics. The Group is also one of 
the leading banks in Kuwait with a broad portfolio of consumer and corporate products, an extensive 
distribution network and well-established relationships with its client base. With more than 3,000 corporate 
customers as at 30 June 2022, the Group has one of the largest customer bases in Kuwait and the 
Group believes that, as at 30 June 2022, it had a 37 per cent. market share in Kuwait's consolidated banking 
assets. The Group also maintains one of the largest domestic distribution networks. This distribution 
network offers significant opportunities to attract additional clients and expand the Group's range of 
products and services to existing clients. As at 30 June 2022, the Bank had the largest branch network in 
Kuwait, comprising 66 branches, a network of more than 390 ATMs and over 16,800 POS terminals, in addition 
to tele-banking, internet banking and mobile banking platforms. 
The Group's strong position in consumer and corporate banking enables the Group to benefit from economies 
of scale and provides a strong platform for sustained profitability in the Kuwaiti banking market. 
The Group's market position and strong brand recognition throughout Kuwait and the MENA region 
reflect the Group's focus on high-quality customer service and the creation of innovative products and 
services, its established track record in both consumer and corporate banking, its targeted marketing to 
consumers, SME, large corporate and strategic client groups and its involvement in Kuwait's most 
prominent infrastructure and other development projects. 
Only banking group in Kuwait to provide both conventional and Islamic banking 
Following its acquisition of Boubyan Bank in 2012, the Group is the only banking group in Kuwait to 
offer both conventional and Islamic banking services, therefore diversifying income sources as well as 
offering the Group the opportunity to grow its balance sheet and strengthen its position in its core 
domestic market. Accordingly, the Group generates net income from Islamic financing in addition to net 
interest income. In 2021, the Group generated net income from Islamic financing of KD 163 million 
compared to KD 143 million in 2020. 
In 2011 pursuant to a court decision, an exception to the general prohibition on Kuwaiti banks registering 
mortgages on private residences in Kuwait was created in respect of Islamic banks only, allowing them 
to finance purchases of residential properties using a mortgage over the property as security. Accordingly, 
the principal competitive advantage enjoyed by Islamic banks is their ability to offer residential mortgage 
financing, which conventional banks are not permitted to do. Additionally, regulatory restrictions relating 
to interest rates and ratios for personal lending typically favour Islamic banks over conventional banks. 
In particular, whereas the interest rates that can be charged by conventional banks are capped, given there 
is no concept of interest in Islamic banking, the Islamic banks in Kuwait are able to earn better margins than 
conventional banks on their financing portfolios. 
As discussed under "—Strategy—Geographic and product and service diversification—Strengthening its 
Islamic banking franchise" below, Boubyan Bank focuses on high net worth and affluent clients and large 
and mid-market corporate customers, thereby building on many of the Group's core strengths. 
As at 30 June 2022, Boubyan Bank had made available KD 5,749 million of Islamic financing to customers 
and had accepted KD 5,646 million in customer deposits across its 45 branches.

--- Page 173 ---
156 
 
A strong regional and international network 
Within the MENA region, the Group's subsidiary, National Bank of Kuwait – Egypt S.A.E., operates 53 
branches in Egypt while the Group's subsidiaries in Iraq (Credit Bank of Iraq S.A.) and Lebanon (National 
Bank of Kuwait (Lebanon) S.A.L.) operate networks of four and two branches, respectively. The Bank itself 
has two branches in Bahrain, three in Saudi Arabia and two in the United Arab Emirates. In addition, Boubyan 
Bank has an investment of 21.7 per cent. in United Capital Bank, Sudan. In May 2022, the Bank sold its 
business in Jordan to Arab Jordan Investment Bank and the business ceased providing banking services under 
the name of NBK-Jordan on 25 May 2022. In addition, the Bank is considering selling its operations in Iraq 
and Lebanon. 
Internationally, the Group has subsidiaries in London (National Bank of Kuwait (International) plc), Paris 
(National Bank of Kuwait France S.A.) and Geneva (NBK Banque Privée (Suisse) S.A.) and branches in 
New York, Singapore and Shanghai. In January 2020, Boubyan Bank consolidated the Bank of London and 
the Middle East ("BLME"), after increasing its shareholdings in BLME to 71.1 per cent. 
This geographical footprint provides opportunities for the Group to grow its product and service offering, in 
addition to developing its existing client base and leveraging the Group's well-established domestic 
operations. 
Strong asset management and investment banking capability 
The Group conducts its investment banking and asset management business through its subsidiary, 
NBK Capital. In addition, brokerage services are conducted through the Group's brokerage subsidiary, 
Watani Financial Brokerage Co. K.S.C., and asset management activities are undertaken in Saudi Arabia 
through Watani Wealth Management Company, a subsidiary incorporated in 2018. The Group believes that 
each business unit within NBK Capital has unique strengths that are specific to that segment. The asset 
management team benefits from the Group's strong distribution network and its own strong track record. 
The brokerage team provides professional execution to its clients. The team's strong fundraising 
capabilities differentiate it from other similar teams in Kuwait. In addition, the investment banking 
team benefits from its execution and sector expertise and the ability to offer its services to the Group's 
large client base. 
Stable shareholder base and strong, experienced Board and executive management team 
The Bank was established in 1952 by a group of leading Kuwaiti merchants and it has retained the same 
core shareholder base since that time. The Group believes it has a strong and stable board of directors and 
a long-serving executive team with a strong track record in Kuwait. 
The Group's strategy (see "—Strategy" below) is supported by the executive management team's broad 
expertise in the region, proven record for implementing industry leading initiatives, and by its focus on 
best practices and customer service. The Group benefits from continuity of personnel within its executive 
management team, with limited changes to the executive management team over the previous 10 years. 
The Group's board of directors and executive management team have extensive experience in the financial 
services sector in Kuwait, the MENA region and internationally. Further details of the Group's board of 
directors and executive management are set out under "Management". 
Strong capital base and liquidity 
Since the introduction of the BASEL III regime, the regulatory minimum requirement applicable for the 
Group for total capital adequacy ratio, Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio and Common Equity Tier 1 capital 
adequacy ratio was 15.0 per cent., 13.0 per cent., and 11.5 per cent., respectively, inclusive of a "Domestic 
Systemic Important Bank" surcharge of 2.0 per cent. In light of the COVID-19 pandemic, the CBK lowered 
these minimum requirements to 12.5 per cent., 10.5 per cent. and 9.0 per cent., respectively, from and 
including 30 June 2020 to 30 June 2021. The Group's financial leverage ratio was 9.8 per cent. as at 31 
December 2021 compared to the required minimum level of 3 per cent. 
With effect from the quarterly reporting period ending 30 September 2019, the CBK amended certain sections 
of its Basel III capital regulations relating to claims on sovereign and public-sector entities outside Kuwait 
which has impacted the Group's capital ratio. In light of such regulatory amendments, the Group has made 
adjustments to, and has refined, its capital, business portfolios and plans. During 2020, the CBK announced 
a six-month payment postponement for all consumer loans, which resulted in a loss of KD 130 million for

--- Page 174 ---
157 
 
the Bank's equity shareholders. Based on further directions from the CBK, this amount which was charged 
to retained earnings in June 2020 is to be deferred and deducted from regulatory capital equally over four 
years starting 2021. 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group had a total capital adequacy ratio of 17.3 per cent., a Tier 1 capital adequacy 
ratio of 14.9 per cent. and a Common Equity Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio of 12.6 per cent. calculated in 
accordance with Basel III methodology as adopted by the CBK. As at 30 June 2022, the Group had cash and 
short term funds of KD 5,087 million. 
As part of the Basel III reforms, the Group maintains an adequate amount of HQLAs to cover its net cash 
outflow, which enables it to survive a significant stress scenario lasting for a period of up to 30 days. The 
Group monitors and reports its LCR and NSFR at three organisational levels: (i) at the local level including 
the Bank but excluding its non-Kuwaiti operations; (ii) at the Bank level, including the Bank's non-Kuwaiti 
operations; and (iii) at the Group level, including all fully consolidated subsidiaries of the Group. Throughout 
the period of monitoring the Group was consistently over and above the regulatory minimum requirement of 
LCR and NSFR. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the CBK lowered the minimum requirements of LCR and 
NSFR from 100 per cent. to 80 per cent. for the period of 2 April 2020 to 31 December 2021 and then raised 
its requirements to 90 per cent. for the period from 31 December 2021 to 31 December 2022. The minimum 
requirements are expected to return to 100 per cent. on 1 January 2023. 
The Group has maintained a strong liquidity position with an LCR of between 139 per cent. and 183 per 
cent., since 1 January 2017. The Group believes its adherence to the LCR criteria will ensure it is well-
equipped to absorb any unanticipated systemic shocks to the Kuwaiti or MENA economies or banking 
sectors. Over the same period, the Group has also maintained an NSFR ratio in the range of 108 per cent. to 
119 per cent. indicating strong funding stability. See "Risk Factors—Factors that may Affect the Bank's 
Ability to Fulfil its Obligations in Respect of Notes Issued under the Programme—Liquidity risks—The 
Group's cash flow from its operations may not be sufficient at all times to meet its contractual and contingent 
payment obligations". As at 30 June 2022, the Group held a portfolio of HQLAs valued at KD 7,860 million 
and had a three months average LCR ratio of 156.1 per cent., while the NSFR ratio was 113.3 per cent. 
Sound and consistent financial performance 
The Group has a long history of profitability and remained profitable throughout the global financial crisis. 
The Group's operating surplus (being its operating profit before provisions for credit losses and impairment 
losses) was KD 531 million and its net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank was KD 246 million 
for 2020 even with the impact of the COVID-19 crisis. In the six months ended 30 June 2022, the Group's 
net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank was KD 238 million. 
In 2021, the Group's profit for the year attributable to shareholders of the Bank was KD 362 million. 
Additionally, its total assets grew by 25.0 per cent. from 1 January 2019 to 30 June 2022. 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group's impaired loans ratio (defined as impaired loans as a percentage of total 
gross loans) was 1.24 per cent. compared to 1.04 per cent. as at 31 December 2021, 1.72 per cent. as at 31 
December 2020 and 1.10 per cent. as at 31 December 2019. As at 30 June 2022, the Group had KD 259 
million of impaired loans and carried loan loss reserves of KD 805 million to cover potential loan losses. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had KD 211 million of impaired loans and carried loan loss reserves 
of KD 634 million to cover potential loan losses. As at 31 December 2020, the Group had KD 312 million 
of impaired loans and carried loan loss reserves of KD 687 million to cover potential loan losses. As at 31 
December 2019, the Group had KD 187 million of impaired loans and carried loan loss reserves of KD 509 
million to cover potential loan losses. 
High credit ratings and among the top brand values regionally 
The Group has some of the highest credit ratings in the MENA region and internationally, with ratings of 
"A1" with a stable outlook from Moody's, "A" with a stable outlook from Standard and Poor's and "A+" with 
a stable outlook from Fitch. The Group has consistently been ranked in the 50 safest commercial banks in the 
world list by Global Finance and, in 2022, was named as the most valuable banking brand in Kuwait and 
among the top 10 most valuable banking brands in the Middle East by Brand Finance, with a brand value of 
U.S.$1.22 billion.

--- Page 175 ---
158 
 
STRATEGY 
The Group's overall strategic goal focuses on defending and growing its leadership position in Kuwait, whilst 
also diversifying its business geographically (particularly in the GCC) and by products offered. 
Building a digital future 
The Group has made significant progress in improving its digital capabilities. Through defining and 
launching a five-year roadmap designed to achieve a leadership position in innovation in the region, the 
Group has demonstrated its commitment to a digital future and a desire to keep ahead as market practice 
shifts. 
Digitalisation efforts are taking place across markets. In Kuwait, the Bank has launched a digital 
transformation that includes enhancing customer touchpoints, improving internal processes and building 
digital capabilities. The Bank has already migrated a large number of transactions and services to digital 
platforms. 
The launch of a state-of-the-art data centre in Kuwait was a critical milestone in 2019. The Group is adopting 
an agile development framework to promote efficiency and improve time-to-market for new ideas. 
In November 2021, the Bank launched "Weyay", the first fully digital bank in Kuwait, which targets the 
youth of Kuwait as its customer base. As digital banks represent a new generation of transformation in the 
banking industry, the launch of "Weyay" reinforces the Bank's position as a market leader in the digitisation 
of banking services and as a provider of innovative banking solutions. 
Across units and markets, the Group seeks to develop and embed a digital culture throughout the organisation. 
In this respect, the Bank has placed a strong emphasis on attracting and retaining highly qualified talent, 
nurturing the human capital that is critical to deliver the Group's long-term ambitions. 
While the cornerstones of the Group's strategy remain unchanged, the Bank developed a two-pronged 
approach overlaying its digital roadmap to execute the Group's strategy. The Group aims to transform its 
business and deliver the best customer experience with the "Digital Transformation of the Core". Actions 
will be executed across three streams: customer-facing initiatives, internal initiatives to transform processes 
and digital culture and execution capacity. Moreover, the "Business Diversification Leveraging Digital 
Disruption" encompasses all of the Group's efforts outside the core. The business diversification priorities 
include building digital disruptive businesses, scaling up Islamic banking via Boubyan Bank, building a 
regional powerhouse in wealth management and transforming the retail business in Egypt. 
Defend and grow leadership position in Kuwait 
The Group's overall strategy in its core domestic market is to maintain excellence and its market leadership 
position in the provision of banking services, to leverage its strong financial position to expand its existing 
market shares in loans, customer deposits and project and trade financing and to maintain discipline 
in managing both risk and costs. Within its core domestic product groups of corporate, consumer and 
private banking, the Group intends to implement this strategy as follows: 
Corporate banking 
Within the corporate banking sector in Kuwait, the Group's aims include: 
• 
remaining the primary banker for a majority of the leading local companies whilst also continuing 
to be an active participant in the mid-market sector; 
• 
remaining the bank of choice for foreign companies actively operating in Kuwait and continuing 
to serve around 75 per cent. of those companies; and 
• 
maintaining its current market share in trade finance, which the Bank believes is in excess of 30 per 
cent. 
The Group intends to achieve these aims by offering differentiated services to its corporate clients, leveraging 
the different services provided throughout the Group, expanding its coverage model and broadening the 
range of products and services offered. The Group's strategy centres around being at the forefront of

--- Page 176 ---
159 
 
large-scale Kuwaiti Government projects, as it believes its large capital base, high credit ratings and 
international presence provide it with an advantage over other Kuwaiti banks when competing for these 
projects or when seeking to raise funds for the purposes of financing these projects. The Group's growth 
strategy also includes strengthening its leadership position among large Kuwaiti corporates and increasing 
its penetration among 
middle-market companies through targeted marketing and building new 
relationships. The Group focuses on strengthening customer relationships at all levels of the corporate 
banking business and is in the process of enhancing its corporate online service and establishing a cash 
management proposition that the Group believes will be competitive with the cash management services 
currently offered by international banks. Within corporate banking, the Group places emphasis on investing 
in retaining and recruiting new talent and developing its operational platform. 
Notwithstanding this growth strategy, the Group also intends to maintain asset quality with a particular 
emphasis on credit control, risk management and ensuring an effective corporate governance framework. 
Consumer banking 
Within the consumer banking sector in Kuwait, the Group's aims include: 
• 
maintaining its leadership position as evidenced by the highest loan and credit card penetration 
among conventional banks in Kuwait and the highest proportion of Kuwaiti customers among 
all Kuwaiti banks, based on the Group's internal data and monthly CBK reports for the Kuwaiti 
banking system; 
• 
maintaining its focus on the delivery of a superior customer service experience, evidenced by the 
overall customer satisfaction index remaining above 90 per cent., according to the Bank's annual 
Kuwaiti customer satisfaction survey conducted in 2020; and 
• 
maintaining the lowest cost of funds among Kuwaiti conventional banks. 
The Group intends to expand its consumer banking customer base by focusing on select consumer 
segments such as the affluent and mass affluent segments, in addition to younger clients and the expatriate 
segment, and by attracting new clients such as SMEs. 
In an effort to increase the appeal of the Group to young Kuwaitis and other digitally sophisticated clients, 
in 2019 the Group started a three-year digital transformation programme, initially focusing on consumer 
banking with investments made in diversifying its banking services delivered through mobile devices, 
generating awareness and encouraging mobile channel penetration among clients. 
The Group has enhanced its call centre and service campaign management capabilities with a focus on 
improving cross-selling and product penetration by using the latest available tools and technologies. As 
new technologies are deployed, the Group intends to increase its focus on digital marketing. 
The Group also intends to capitalise on its brand equity by cascading the Bank's corporate brand down to 
the consumer banking level and developing a consistent level and form of communication across the Bank's 
consumer banking product and service campaigns. The Group also intends to explore new formats to open 
additional branches in malls and new residential areas, without increasing its overall branch headcount in 
Kuwait. 
Private banking 
Within the private banking sector in Kuwait, the Group's aims include: 
• 
continuing to provide a unique and compelling proposition to its high net worth clients in 
collaboration with NBK Capital and the Group's international network; 
• 
leveraging the wealth management expertise of its private bank subsidiary, NBK Banque 
Privée (Suisse) S.A., in Geneva through which its customers gain access to leading international 
funds and otherwise broadening its product portfolio to accommodate the growing needs of its 
clients; 
• 
providing a high quality service through its team of more than 30 experienced private bankers; and

--- Page 177 ---
160 
 
• 
leveraging its strong brand to acquire new clients and retain current clients. 
Geographic and product and service diversification 
The Group's geographic and product and service diversification strategy involves expanding its regional 
presence, strengthening its Islamic banking franchise and building leading asset management and investment 
banking capabilities in the region. 
Expanding regional presence 
The Group's geographic diversification strategy is to leverage its fundamental strengths and capabilities, 
including its international reach and strong relationships within the MENA region, to build a regional 
platform and support growth in key markets, such as certain GCC countries and Egypt. In particular, the 
Group is focusing on markets which it has identified as having long-term potential through a combination 
of high-growth economies, positive demographic trends and the ability for the Group to exploit one or 
more competitive advantages, such as existing or new synergies and the ability to cross-sell other Group 
products and services. 
When expanding its regional presence, the Group intends to: 
• 
leverage its strong reputation and brand name by ensuring standardisation and consistency across 
all of its markets; 
• 
adopt a flexible business model so that it can easily adapt to changing trends and conditions in 
its different markets; 
• 
deliver high standards of consistent, reliable and responsive service in all of its markets; and 
• 
maintain rigorous risk management discipline and governance, as well as a unified compliance 
process, in all markets. 
As part of its regional expansion and diversification agenda, the Group believes that a digital platform has 
the potential to unlock the possibility of building a meaningful retail customer franchise in markets where 
the Group maintains only a limited branch presence. To this end, the Group has recently established a digital 
platform that aims to enable its expansion strategies in select MENA markets while supporting its digital 
transformation in Kuwait. Also, the Group is re-evaluating its footprint in light of macroeconomic 
uncertainties in some markets and reviewing its form of legal presence in each location to manage its cost 
base. 
Strengthening its Islamic banking franchise 
Having first acquired a minority shareholding in Boubyan Bank in 2009, in 2012 the Group increased its 
shareholding to 58.4 per cent. and Boubyan Bank has been fully consolidated as a subsidiary for accounting 
purposes since 31 July 2012. The Group's current stake in Boubyan Bank is 60.1 per cent. Boubyan Bank 
had an estimated market share of total banking sector assets and customer deposits in Kuwait of 8.2 per cent. 
and 10.0 per cent., respectively, as at 31 December 2021 (according to the consolidated financial statements 
of Boubyan Bank as at that date).2 Further, on 27 January 2020, the Group, through Boubyan Bank, increased 
its ownership in BLME from 27.91 per cent. to 71.08 per cent. As a result BLME, which had been accounted 
for under the equity method in prior periods, has been fully consolidated in the Group's financial results since 
2020. 
The Group's strategy in relation to Boubyan Bank is to differentiate it from other Islamic banks in Kuwait 
through a clear focus on high net worth and affluent clients and large and mid-market corporate customers, 
thereby leveraging many of the Group's core strengths. 
Building a regional leader in asset management and investment banking 
The Group's strategy in relation to its investment banking and asset management business is to establish the 
business as a leading regional investment bank, asset management and brokerage operation servicing both 
existing Group clients and acquiring new clients. NBK Capital intends to focus on increasing its assets under 
 
2 These market shares are based on the consolidated financial statements of all banks in Kuwait, which include international assets and deposits.

--- Page 178 ---
161 
 
management by (i) broadening its suite of products to offer fixed-income and equity products across the 
MENA region, in addition to structured leasing and real estate products on an international basis, to meet 
market demand and (ii) investing in technology and human resources to complement its existing product 
base. In addition, the Group plans to expand NBK Capital's client base with a focus on cross-selling to the 
Group's private banking and high net-worth consumer banking clients and a targeted investment in 
establishing a dedicated business development team for NBK Capital. 
A successful example of the cooperation between NBK Capital and the Private Banking Group is the launch 
of Al Watani Wealth Management in Saudi Arabia, which represents an integrated wealth management model 
which the Group intends to grow across multiple geographies, adapting to local regulatory requirements, with 
a view to expanding its regional origination capabilities complemented with international asset allocation. 
HISTORY 
The Bank was the first private indigenous bank in Kuwait and the Gulf region. The Bank focused on 
the Kuwaiti market following its establishment and has survived several crises, including the 1982 
Souk Al Manakh (Kuwait's informal stock market) crash and the Iraqi invasion in 1990. The Bank also 
played a vital role in rebuilding the Kuwaiti economy following the liberation of Kuwait in 1991. 
The Group started its expansion outside Kuwait in the 1980s by opening full service branches in key 
international (New York, London, Paris, Geneva and Singapore) and regional (Bahrain and Lebanon) centres 
to capture investment and trade flows with Kuwait and to service Kuwaiti customers and provide convenient 
and secure locations for their deposits. In 2004, the Group made the strategic decision to expand its presence 
in the MENA region in markets which it viewed as offering high growth potential. The Group accordingly 
made a series of acquisitions in Iraq and Egypt, acquired significant minority stakes in banks in Qatar and in 
Turkey and established itself organically in Jordan, Saudi Arabia (Jeddah) and the United Arab Emirates. In 
2017, the Group also completed the conversion of its representative office in Shanghai to a fully-fledged 
branch and its branch in Paris to a subsidiary in 2018. 
Following political instability in several countries in the MENA region, the Group's strategy focused on 
growing its operations in GCC countries which were more politically stable and had strong economic 
fundamentals. As part of this strategy, the Group opened its Abu Dhabi branch in 2013. 
In 2009, the Group acquired a relatively small stake in Boubyan Bank. Following several additions to its 
shareholding, the Group's ownership exceeded 50.0 per cent., and Boubyan Bank became a fully consolidated 
subsidiary of the Group in 2012. Boubyan Bank, a bank offering exclusively Islamic products and services, 
offers the Group a significant opportunity to grow its balance sheet, diversify its income sources and strengthen 
its market position in the Kuwaiti market as the Group is the only financial institution in Kuwait to offer both 
conventional and Islamic banking. 
On 27 January 2020, Boubyan Bank K.S.C.P, acquired an additional equity interest in BLME, resulting in an 
increase in its effective ownership from 27.9 per cent. to 71.1 per cent. Having obtained control, the Group 
reclassified its investment in BLME from associate to subsidiary and has consolidated the financial results of 
BLME. As at the date of acquisition, BLME contributed KD 538 million and KD 616 million to the Group's 
Islamic financings and total assets, respectively, and KD 365 million to the Group's customer deposits. 
CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND SHAREHOLDERS 
The Bank has been listed on the Boursa Kuwait since 29 September 1984. As at 30 June 2022, the Group had 
only one shareholder which had direct and indirect holdings in excess of 5 per cent. of its issued share capital 
(being The Public Institution for Social Security, which had a 5.77 per cent. holding in the Group as at 30 June 
2022). 
The Bank's total market capitalisation as at 30 June 2022 was KD 7.9 billion. As at 30 June 2022, the Bank's 
authorised share capital comprised 10 billion shares of KD 0.1 each, giving it an authorised share capital of 
KD 1,000 million. 
The issued and fully paid up share capital of the Bank as at 30 June 2022 comprised 7,552,329,162 shares of 
KD 0.1 each, giving it an issued and fully paid up share capital of KD 755.2 million. 
The Group believes it benefits from a strong shareholder base, with the Bank's original founding families still 
controlling the majority of its share capital.

--- Page 179 ---
162 
 
SUBSIDIARIES 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group's subsidiaries are: 
Name 
 
Country of 
Incorporation 
Primary 
Business 
Holding 
(%) 
Boubyan Bank K.S.C.P. 
Kuwait 
Islamic Banking 
 60.1 
National Bank of Kuwait-Egypt S.A.E. 
Egypt 
Banking 
99.1 
Watani Investment Company K.S.C.(Closed.) 
Kuwait 
Investment 
Company 
99.9 
National Bank of Kuwait (International) plc 
United Kingdom 
Banking 
100.0 
National Bank of Kuwait France SA 
France 
Banking 
100.0 
NBK Banque Privée (Suisee) S.A. 
Switzerland 
Investment 
Management 
100.0 
National Bank of Kuwait (Lebanon) S.A.L.(1) 
Lebanon 
Banking 
85.5 
Credit Bank of Iraq S.A. 
Iraq 
Banking 
91.0 
National Investors Group Holdings Limited 
Cayman Islands 
Investment 
Company 
100.0 
Watani Wealth Management Company 
Saudi Arabia 
Investment 
Management 
100.0 
Watani Financial Brokerage Company K.S.C.C. 
Kuwait 
Brokerage 
98.3 
BLME Holdings plc(2) 
United Kingdom 
Islamic Banking 
71.1 
 _______________  
(1) As at 30 June 2022, 38.1 per cent. of the Group's interest in National Bank of Kuwait (Lebanon) S.A.L. was held by an intermediate 
holding company, NBK Holding (Liban) S.A.L. 
(2) Stake owned by Boubyan Bank K.S.C.P. 
REPORTING SEGMENTS 
Consumer banking 
The Group offers a wide range of consumer banking products and related services in Kuwait through 
its integrated distribution network, comprising branches, mobile banking, online banking, ATMs, POS 
terminals and other remote banking platforms. In addition, the Group has a direct sales force which markets 
its consumer products and services to its customers. The Group's consumer banking products include a 
range of consumer loans, deposits, cards, business banking for SMEs and wealth management services. 
The Group intends to focus on customer service in its consumer banking business as a key differentiator. The 
Group annually measures and monitors its overall customer satisfaction as well as customer satisfaction with 
specific products and services offered. The Group has implemented proactive customer retention and loyalty 
programmes and has increased its operational efficiency through enhancing its technology platform 
and repositioning its alternative delivery channels as attractive, user-friendly and reliable alternatives to 
branch banking (see "—Distribution channels" below). 
In addition, the Group intends to increase its customer base by focusing on select segments, including the 
younger generation and mass affluent, as well as SMEs with a sales turnover of up to KD 2 million. At the 
same time, the Group aims to leverage its credit and risk infrastructure to manage the credit portfolio. 
Private banking 
The Group has offered wealth management services to its private banking clients since 1982. These services 
are customised to fit each client's risk tolerance and financial needs which are assessed by relationship 
managers on a quarterly basis. The Group's private banking services include fixed-income and money-market 
products, wealth and asset management products, including equities and funds, and offshore services designed 
to preserve customers' capital without restricting capital growth. Beyond Kuwait, an extensive range of 
international banking products and services are offered through the Group's international branches and

--- Page 180 ---
163 
 
subsidiaries, including NBK Banque Privée (Suisse) S.A. and Al Watani Wealth Management in Saudi 
Arabia. 
The Group aims to establish strong relationships with its personal banking clients based on professional 
expertise, integrity, confidentiality and trustworthiness. Within the private banking business, the Group intends 
to continue to grow at a consistent pace by focusing on key objectives including: 
• 
new client acquisition, with continued emphasis being placed on attracting younger clients through 
the introduction of digital platforms; 
• 
increasing its "share of wallet" of existing clients and maintaining strong and durable relationships 
with clients supported by quality service coupled with innovation in products and solutions to meet 
the changing needs of the Group's clients; and 
• 
building a global private banking offering by leveraging its presence in, amongst other jurisdictions, 
the UAE, Saudi Arabia, the United Kingdom, Lebanon and Egypt. 
In 2021, NBK was awarded "Best Private Bank in Kuwait" by Global Finance. 
Distribution channels 
The Group's principal distribution channels in Kuwait comprise: 
• 
Branch network: As at 30 June 2022, the Bank had the largest branch network in Kuwait, with 66 
branches across the country, and the largest ATM network, with more than 390 ATMs including 
more than 125 customer deposit machines, seven special needs ATMs, three mobile ATMs and more 
than 16,800 POS terminals. The Group operates a 24/7 self-service facility at its major branches and 
other select locations where customers can conduct a range of banking services, such as cash deposits 
and withdrawals, balance enquiries and statement printing, ordering of cheque books and internet 
and telebanking access. The Group also has two 24/7 branches located at the Kuwait International 
Airport Terminal 1 and Terminal 4 and offers instant issuance of new debit cards to customers at all 
of its branches. 
• 
Telebanking: The Group introduced automated banking by telephone to its customers and opened 
its call centre in 1994. This call centre, which has been operated on a 24/7 basis since 2003, can be 
used by customers in Kuwait to conduct a variety of transactions, including reporting lost or 
stolen cards, performing account transfers and bill payments and making enquiries and complaints. 
It also operates as a telemarketing tool through which the Group sells products to customers 
directly or refers them to their channel of choice. In the six months ended 30 June 2022, the 
Group's call centre handled more than 1 million calls. 
• 
Online banking: The Group commenced offering online banking to its consumer banking customers 
in 1998 and, as at 30 June 2022, had approximately 630,000 registered online banking customers 
with more than 597 thousand financial transactions executed in in the six months to 30 June 2022. 
The Group had approximately 514,000 registered mobile banking subscribers as at 30 June 2022 
with approximately 9.3 million financial transactions executed in the six months to 30 June 2022. 
• 
Mobile banking: Since 2011, the Group's customers have been able to use banking services delivered 
through mobile devices that provide regular account updates and SMS alerts to registered smart 
mobile phone users and through which they can conduct a large range of banking services, such as 
balance enquiries, bill payments, funds transfers, and statement and cheque book requests. Mobile 
application enhancements included the introduction of a digital signature facility for loan 
applications, credit card applications and credit limit increase requests. Mobile application users now 
benefit from an improved login profile, the ability to book term deposits and open partial fixed 
deposits, the ability to activate dormant accounts, the option to set-up and amend standing orders 
and to make transfers to the Group's SmartWealth brokerage platform. The Group's "Mobile Only" 
strategy, which is designed to provide its consumer banking customers with the maximum possible 
flexibility for conducting banking transactions through mobile applications, is a core aspect of the 
Group's mobile based distribution channel. The Group had approximately 514,000 registered mobile 
banking subscribers as at 30 June 2022 with more than 9 million financial transactions executed in 
the six months ended 30 June 2022.

--- Page 181 ---
164 
 
• 
Direct sales force: The Group has the largest direct sales force in Kuwait including sales staff at 
car dealerships and sales staff located at key Government ministries and strategic corporate clients. 
It has recently expanded its direct sales force to focus on attracting persons entering employment 
by increasing its presence in key hiring locations in Kuwait. 
• 
Bespoke private banking services at select branches: The Group offers comprehensive financial 
solutions and customised private banking services at the Bank's headquarters branch and six 
other branches in Kuwait. The Group continues to leverage its international network to offer 
private banking services to clients in Beirut, Cairo, Dubai, Geneva, London, Manama, New York, 
Saudi Arabia and Paris. In addition, in 2018 the Group established a locally-licensed wealth 
management subsidiary, Al Watani Wealth Management, in Saudi Arabia. The Group seeks to 
maintain a high level of service quality through extensive and diverse training programmes and 
careful recruitment of its private banking employees. The Group aims to establish long-term 
relationships with its private banking clients. 
• 
Contactless payment technology: The Group was the first bank in Kuwait to introduce contactless 
payment options for its customers, with the 'Tap and Pay' card. The 'Tap and Pay' system uses NFC 
technology and allows customers to make payments of up to KD 25 at over 16,800 NFC point-of-
sale terminals throughout Kuwait, by placing their 'Tap and Pay' card on a point-of-sale machine 
without the need to enter a PIN number. The Group is the largest acquirer of NFC compatible 
contactless point-of-sale terminals in Kuwait, based on the Group's internal data and on CBK data 
for total point-of-sale market sizing. 
Furthermore, the Bank was the first local bank to launch Fitbit Pay which enables customers to make 
contactless payments via select Fitbit devices. The Bank's customers can now conveniently use the 
free Fitbit app (Android and iOS) to add up to six cards to their Fitbit Wallet. Similarly, the Bank 
was also the first bank to launch Garmin Pay in Kuwait which enables its customers to make 
payments through their wearable Garmin Pay-compatible watch. 
Products and services 
The Group offers its consumer banking customers a wide range of banking services, including: 
• 
Deposits: The Group has a complete range of deposit products, including a broad selection of 
accounts for customers' everyday banking needs, such as current, trust, express and call accounts. 
The Group also offers a selection of interest-bearing deposits, such as savings accounts, super 
accounts and notice accounts. For customers who would like to have higher interest on their savings, 
the Group offers term deposits, flexible term deposits for receiving regular interest, and partial 
withdrawal term deposits where customers may withdraw up to 10 per cent. of the deposit annually. 
In addition, the Group offers a draw account, named Al-Jawhara, which is non-interest bearing 
and features weekly, monthly and quarterly draws to allow customers to win cash prizes between 
KD 5,000 and KD 250,000 with a total of KD 2.2 million annually. The Group is also developing 
long-term fixed savings deposits in order to enhance the maturity profile of its deposit base. For 
an analysis of the Group's customer deposits, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Financial Position". 
• 
Loans and credit cards: The Group's loan products include consumer and housing (also known as 
"family") loans with repayment terms extending up to five years and 15 years, respectively. The 
Group also provides one of the widest ranges of Visa and MasterCard credit and debit cards in 
Kuwait and is currently the only bank in Kuwait offering Diners Club International cards. The 
Group's cards are aimed at different customer segments based on income and offer a range of benefits 
that vary based on the card type. Applications for loans and credit cards can be made through the 
Group's branch network, direct sales, telebanking or online channels. Consistent with its credit risk 
management strategy, the Group prioritises attracting loan and credit card customers with good credit 
standing. Loan and credit card applicants are screened and credit limits are assessed according to the 
Group's credit policy based on demographic and financial factors and the past credit behaviour of 
the customer in question, while ensuring strict adherence to relevant CBK regulations. In addition, a 
loans and cards origination system with automated credit decisioning has been implemented through 
redesign of end-to-end processes to enhance turnaround time.

--- Page 182 ---
165 
 
The Group uses local and international merchant relationships, promotions, a credit card 
reward programme and other incentives in order to increase card usage and expenditure levels and 
to increase customer loyalty and retention. The Bank was the first bank in Kuwait to launch an 
automatic reward redemption programme based on card usage through POS terminals without the 
need of vouchers. Its rewards programme is the largest merchant-based rewards programme in 
Kuwait and enables cardholders to earn and redeem rewards at over 900 outlets in Kuwait which 
catered to a variety of lifestyle needs as at 30 June 2022. The NBK Miles World Mastercard Credit 
Loyalty Programme allows the customer to earn miles points and redeem them on flights across over 
800 airlines, book accommodation at more than 150,000 hotels globally and to access more than 500 
airport lounges in over 300 airports. The launch of NBK-Kuwait Airways (Oasis Club) Visa cards 
in partnership with Kuwait Airways grants customers an array of advantages including miles 
collection and redemption, access to airport lounges worldwide, travel insurance and earnings 
through the NBK Rewards programme points. As part of the Bank's commitment to reward 
customers, ensure high quality service and enrich their banking experience, the Bank launched the 
NBK KWT VISA Infinite credit card in January 2021 to provide customers with an exclusive 
package of rewards. NBK KWT VISA Infinite credit card holders can earn NBK KWT Points up to 
KD 1,000 per month which can be redeemed as cashback, bookings, e-vouchers and miles with 
preferred airlines. 
• 
Business banking: With a view to diversifying its consumer banking revenue, in 2013 the Group 
launched a business banking proposition focusing on servicing SMEs in Kuwait with an 
annual sales turnover of up to KD 2 million through its expanded network of dedicated branches. 
The Group has three business banking hubs with eight branches established at strategic locations in 
Kuwait. The Group focuses on acquiring SMEs with a high "cross sell" product ratio, especially 
in the medical, food and beverage and manufacturing sectors. Each SME has an assigned 
relationship manager who provides a range of tailor-made products and services that assist in the 
SME's day to day operations, financing and expansion plans. A range of payment, account and 
foreign exchange services, working capital, term finance and trade finance services tailored to 
meet the customer's needs are available to the Group's SME customers subject to credit approval. 
The Bank has also been working with The Kuwait National Fund ("KNF") for small and medium 
enterprise development since 2017. The team within the Bank dedicated to KNF is responsible for 
reviewing and analysing the feasibility studies provided by KNF. It is also responsible for providing 
KNF with recommendations on acceptance or rejection of cases. 
• 
Other services: The Group's principal deposit and lending products are complemented by a range 
of more general consumer banking services, including bill payments, remittances, foreign exchange, 
safe deposit boxes and share custody, electronic funds transfer and online trading. In addition, the 
Group's consumer banking customers have access to a suite of investment products which are 
managed by the treasury function within its Group centre reporting segment. See "—Group centre 
reporting segment—Investments" below. 
Corporate banking reporting segment 
The Group offers its corporate clients a range of commercial banking products and services, including 
loans, overdrafts, trade finance (letters of credit and guarantees), online services, and a range of current 
and deposit accounts. Additionally, the corporate banking group works with other business units within 
the Group, such as Group centre and NBK Capital, to offer other services including foreign exchange, 
hedging products and corporate finance and advisory services. 
The Group offers a corporate internet banking tool, known as Watani Online Corporate Banking. As 
at 30 June 2022, the Group had more than 3,600 active corporate online banking accounts. 
The Group's corporate banking reporting segment includes:

--- Page 183 ---
166 
 
The domestic corporate banking group 
This banking group caters to major Kuwaiti companies and is organised around units with specific industry 
expertise, principally: 
• 
general trade and commerce, including the cars, electronics, consumer durables, food and 
clothing sectors; 
• 
real estate development and contractors, including building materials; 
• 
insurance; 
• 
manufacturing, including in the food and drink, ship building, steel and metal fabrication, cement 
and clothing sectors; and 
• 
services, including telecommunications, education, transport and logistics, healthcare and retail 
services. 
The Group also has a unit dedicated to Kuwaiti companies with a multinational presence as well as a 
unit focused on the small and middle market segment. The Group has recently increased its focus on the 
mid-market sector with a dedicated sales team. 
The foreign corporate banking group 
The foreign corporate banking group has two major business units: Foreign Contracting and Oil & 
Petrochemicals. Most of the business of these two units is driven by public-sector spending in the form 
of major infrastructure and oil and gas projects. Given its historic relationship with the Kuwait 
Petroleum Corporation ("KPC") group, the Group believes it is well placed to advise on, and provide 
financing to, high-value projects tendered by the KPC group, as well as major overseas investments made 
through KPC's operating entities, Kuwait Petroleum International Ltd and Kuwait Foreign Petroleum 
Exploration Company. 
The trade finance division 
This division uses its extensive knowledge of international trade to help corporate clients enhance their 
global competitiveness and reduce risk. The trade finance division offers the Group's customers a wide 
range of services, including: 
• 
letters of credit, including both inward and outward back-to-back, transferable, deferred payment, 
standby and revolving letters of credit; 
• 
letters of guarantee, including bid bonds, performance, advance payment, retention, suppliers 
credit and contract guarantees; 
• 
collections settled; and 
• 
financing under letters of credit. 
In addition to a dedicated trade finance team, the Bank offers a trade finance portal to its customers. The 
portal enables customers to open both letters of credit and letters of guarantee online. 
The Group's corporate banking division was named "Best Trade Finance Service Provider in Kuwait 
for 2022" by Global Finance and "Best Trade Finance Bank in Kuwait for 2022" in the annual survey of 
Global Trade Review (GTR), a magazine specialising in global emerging markets and trade, commodity 
finance and transaction banking. 
Investment banking and asset management reporting segment 
The Group's investment banking and asset management reporting segment comprises the activities of NBK 
Capital. NBK Capital has over 160 professionals and operates regionally from Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, the 
UAE, Bahrain, Turkey and Egypt. NBK Capital focuses on three primary lines of business:

--- Page 184 ---
167 
 
• 
Asset Management: with a Group-wide KD 5,605 million in assets under management as at 30 June 
2022, the platform focuses on strategies and products which are supported by value-added 
propositions and solid conviction; ranging from money market, through various fixed-income and 
equity approaches, to private equity and real estate assets. 
The asset management team currently manages the largest and most successful money market funds 
in Kuwait. The funds tap into both Kuwaiti dinar and U.S. dollar liquidity and are offered in 
conventional and Shari'a-compliant formats. 
• 
Investment Banking: delivers a fully integrated investment banking platform comprising: 
1. 
Mergers & Acquisitions Advisory: which delivers optimal deal structures to tailor creative 
solutions to its clients; 
2. 
Equity Capital Markets: which is dedicated to creating value for its clients by planning and 
executing innovative strategies to achieve clients' goals; 
3. 
Debt Capital Markets: which focuses on the origination, structuring, execution and 
distribution of a wide variety of debt offerings including conventional, Islamic, senior bank 
and structured securities, which are further complemented by rating and capital structuring 
advisory; and 
4. 
Financing Advisory: which is a dedicated unit that strives to provide clients with transparent 
services and assists them throughout the entire debt raising process including negotiations. 
• 
Brokerage: NBK Capital's brokerage division offers advanced brokerage services with superior 
execution capabilities through seamless and direct access to Kuwait, MENA and major international 
capital markets. 
In addition, NBK Capital SmartWealth is a digital investment service that offers investors a leading solution 
for long-term investment savings. Investors are able to manage and monitor their investments through NBK 
Capital SmartWealth's web portal and/or mobile application. 
NBK Capital was awarded "Best Asset Management Company – MENA in 2022" and "Best Brokerage House 
– Kuwait in 2022" by Global Business and "Best Debt Bank in the Middle East" in 2022 by Global Finance. 
In addition, in 2022, NBK Capital was awarded "Deal of the Year" by The Banker and "Best Fund Over 3, 5 
and 10 Years - Equity Kuwait" by Refinitiv Lipper MENA Markets Fund Awards. 
Islamic banking reporting segment 
The Group's Islamic banking reporting segment comprises the activities of Boubyan Bank, in which the Group 
has a 60.1 per cent. holding as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The Group believes that its acquisition of a majority shareholding in Boubyan Bank offers new avenues 
for growth, diversification and enhancing its customer base by providing a wider variety of banking 
services. Since the acquisition, Boubyan Bank has experienced increased growth and profitability and has 
expanded its market share in a number of areas, including personal finance, customer deposits and credit card 
spend. 
Boubyan Bank's core businesses are consumer banking, corporate banking and private banking and wealth 
management. Boubyan Bank is primarily focused on offering its products and services in Kuwait and has a 
presence outside Kuwait through its ownership of shareholdings in BLME. Boubyan Bank offers its clients a 
wide range of banking and financial services through one of the fastest growing branch networks in Kuwait, 
comprising 45 branches as at 30 June 2022, a network of more than 300 instant teller machines (ITMs) and 
ATMs in addition to telebanking, internet banking and mobile banking. 
Boubyan Bank's short-term strategy is to build on domestic foundations with a view to developing an 
international presence in the medium to longer term. In the domestic market, Boubyan Bank is currently 
targeting increased market share in both the consumer and the corporate segments. Its strategy focuses on 
organic growth, emphasising upgrading its product portfolio, focusing on its target customer segments and 
enhancing its digital proposition.

--- Page 185 ---
168 
 
In relation to its consumer banking operations, Boubyan Bank aims to expand its market share through 
focusing on high net worth affluent and mass affluent customers and has been working on positioning itself as 
the bank of choice for the affluent client base. In particular, Boubyan Bank is emphasising improved customer 
experience, innovation in product offerings, efficient transactions and attracting top talent. Boubyan Bank is 
also building a comprehensive consumer banking platform in terms of distribution channels to achieve its 
consumer banking ambitions. Since the Group acquired its majority shareholding in 2012, Boubyan Bank has 
grown its branch network from 15 to 45 branches, and more than doubled the number of ATMs. Along with 
expanding its footprint and distribution network, Boubyan Bank's customer satisfaction ratings continue to be 
higher than the average for both Islamic and all Kuwaiti banks, all of which have contributed to its recent 
growth in profitability and its increased market shares. 
In relation to its corporate operations, Boubyan Bank's main focus is to become the bank of choice for large 
and mid-size companies while continuing to maintain market share in the super large corporate segment. 
Boubyan Bank aims to improve its offering in the corporate segment through innovation in products and 
services. In particular, it has introduced new products such as overdrafts and Istisna, and additional products 
such as Musharaka, factoring and equipment Ijarah are being developed. Further, Boubyan Bank continues 
to work on strengthening and improving its processes. 
As part of its aspiration to be "the first choice and preferred corporate bank", Boubyan Bank has launched 
innovative e-products and services to meet all banking needs in line with Islamic Shari'a principles. These 
products and services include the recent update of its corporate online banking platform and a digital credit 
approval process. 
As at 30 June 2022, Boubyan Bank's total assets (on an unconsolidated basis) were KD 7,636 million 
and its equity attributable to shareholders of the bank was KD 776 million. 
Boubyan Bank's customer financing portfolio was KD 5,749 million as at 30 June 2022 and its aggregate 
customer deposits and deposits from banks and financial institutions were KD 5,959 million as at the same 
date. In the six months ended 30 June 2021, Boubyan Bank's net profit attributable to shareholders of the 
bank was KD 33 million. In 2021, Boubyan Bank's net profit attributable to shareholders of the bank was KD 
48 million and in 2020 Boubyan Bank's net profit attributable to shareholders of the bank was KD 34 million. 
In 2021, Boubyan Bank received a number of international and regional awards in addition to being 
recognised by many global institutions that are renowned for their fairness and strength. Awards and 
recognitions include being named "Best Islamic Bank in Service Level - Kuwait" by Service Hero, in addition 
to being named "Best Islamic Bank in Kuwait", "Best Islamic Digital Bank in Kuwait, the Middle East" and 
"Best Innovative Digital Bank" by Global Finance. 
Group centre reporting segment 
The Group centre reporting segment includes treasury, investments and other defined Group activities. 
Treasury 
The Group's treasury provides a comprehensive range of treasury services and products to the Group's clients, 
and is also responsible for the Group's liquidity and market risk management. 
The Group's treasury manages the Group's assets and liabilities and liquidity requirements under the 
supervision of the Group Assets and Liabilities Executive Committee ("ALEC"), which meets at least 
monthly to monitor and review all aspects of the Group's liquidity profile, asset and liability structure 
and internal and statutory ratio requirements. Cash-flow requirements as well as foreign exchange 
activities in each of the Group's locations are managed by the respective treasury of that location, under 
the supervision of Group treasury. Asset and liability management, including liquidity management, is 
managed by Group treasury, in coordination with Group market risk management division. 
In addition, the Group's treasury function: 
• 
manages the money market books and money market funding positions for the Group's own 
account to fund its domestic and international foreign-currency assets; 
• 
undertakes a wide range of foreign exchange business, across both spot and forward markets, 
largely on behalf of the Group's customer base, and conducts a limited amount of proprietary

--- Page 186 ---
169 
 
foreign exchange trading within the constraints of what the Group considers to be prudent risk 
guidelines; and 
• 
maintains a portfolio of Kuwaiti Government treasury bills and bonds to meet relevant CBK 
requirements and to manage surplus domestic currency liquidity. 
In 2019, the Group's treasury function completed the development of a new, end-to-end treasury booking 
system, which will go-live in Kuwait in 2021, and will provide, once rolled out to overseas treasuries, real-time 
metrics from across the Group. The system comprises a Group-level Treasury function, and will assist the Bank 
in mitigating and reducing risk, improving efficiencies and increasing revenues. 
The electronic trading platform introduced by the Group's treasury function in 2018 saw strong utilisation from 
corporate clients, generating live FX deals for customers through an easy-to-use browser module. Such 
innovations further exemplify that the Group offers the most competitive treasury solutions available in Kuwait. 
These innovations are both unique to the local market and an effective client retention tool, boosting non-interest 
income while rates remained under pressure due to COVID-19. 
In 2022, the Group's treasury function was awarded the 'Best Foreign Exchange Provider in Kuwait' by 
Global Finance. 
Investments 
The Group's investments unit is responsible for managing its fixed- income proprietary portfolio with 
the objective of realising income while minimising the risk of default. The unit combines a bottom-up 
fundamental credit-research-driven investment process with a top-down macro-economic analysis. The 
portfolio is diversified, investing in fixed- income securities issued by emerging and developed markets' 
corporates and sovereigns. The securities are denominated in major currencies and carry investment-
grade ratings. 
International reporting segment 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group has a presence in 13 countries across four continents that provide a diversified 
platform for sustainable growth in the future. The Group's international network includes branches and 
subsidiaries in major cities such as London, New York, Paris, Geneva, Singapore and Shanghai. In addition, 
the Group has a strong presence in the MENA region providing coverage to Bahrain, Egypt, Iraq, Lebanon, 
Saudi Arabia and the UAE. The Group's international footprint is a key differentiator for the Group and an 
essential part of its franchise and brand. The Group's international operations are principally wholesale in 
nature although in certain locations, such as Egypt, it also provides consumer banking services. 
Within select locations in the MENA region, the Group is focusing on growing its corporate business 
in existing and new markets through attracting international and regional customers and leveraging its 
Kuwaiti relationships as well as growing its private banking business by building on its success in 
Kuwait. 
In the GCC, the Group believes it is well-positioned to leverage its presence for future growth. The Group 
currently offers corporate clients and high net worth individuals a range of treasury and wholesale banking 
credit solutions, both conventional and Shari'a-compliant, in addition to trade finance services and basic 
consumer banking services. The Group increased its presence in Saudi Arabia in 2019 by opening two 
additional branches in Riyadh and Khobar with a view to expanding its corporate banking activities and 
building a retail business in Saudi Arabia. 
Egypt remains a strategic market with the Group operating more than 50 branches. NBK Egypt continues to 
deliver strong results accompanied with positive economic growth and ambitious economic reforms. The 
Group has been implementing a transformation programme to expand the operations of its Egyptian 
subsidiary by boosting the acquisition of customers, streamlining processes and upgrading capabilities across 
all functions. A strong emphasis is being placed on building the quality and reach of the consumer banking 
business in Egypt, to diversify in terms of both income and operations. 
Beyond the MENA region, the Group concentrates on serving the needs of regional corporate and private 
banking customers that are active internationally, while developing business with international companies 
that have business or trade linkage within the Group's MENA region footprint. The Group's operations in 
key financial centres, such as London, New York, Paris, Geneva, Singapore and Shanghai, typically

--- Page 187 ---
170 
 
experience strong inflows of capital and deposits from high net worth individuals, financial institutions, 
oil companies, correspondent banks and government agencies. 
The International Banking Group ("IBG") maintains a strong emphasis on promoting cross-selling culture 
across the Bank's locations and units, recognising the synergies that can be achieved in relation to both 
revenues and costs. Opportunities pursued have included the centralisation of certain back-office processes 
and functions which has been facilitated by the significant advances that have been made at the Group level 
to improve the quality and capacity of the Group's underlying technology infrastructure – such as the Kuwait 
data centre, the introduction of robotic process automation and Blockchain remittance platforms. 
The Group plans to maintain investment in technology capabilities including efforts to improve IBG's 
regulatory and governance functions, to navigate obstacles and mitigate risk. 
COMPETITION IN KUWAIT 
The Group is the largest bank in Kuwait in terms of total assets, customer deposits and customer loans 
and advances according to the publicly available financial statements of the Group's main domestic 
competitors as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 and as at and for the six months ended 30 June 
2022. 
The Kuwaiti banking sector comprises five indigenous conventional commercial banks (the Bank, 
Commercial Bank of Kuwait, Gulf Bank, Al-Ahli Bank of Kuwait and Burgan Bank) and branches of 12 
other non-Kuwaiti conventional banks. In addition, a specialised bank (Industrial Bank of Kuwait) and 
five banks operating according to the provisions of Islamic Shari'a (including the largest, Kuwait Finance 
House, and the Group's subsidiary, Boubyan) are also licensed to operate in Kuwait. 
The tables below show rankings for the six largest Kuwaiti banks by consolidated total assets, by consolidated 
customer deposits and by consolidated customer loans and advances as at 30 June 2022 and 31 December in 
each of 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(KD million) 
Ranking by consolidated total assets(1) 
 
 
 
 
The Group.................................................................................  
34,283 
33,257 
29,717 
29,271 
Kuwait Finance House ..............................................................  
22,790 
21,788 
21,502 
19,391 
Burgan Bank .............................................................................  
7,307 
7,075 
7,106 
7,081 
Gulf Bank .................................................................................  
6,878 
6,556 
6,113 
6,245 
Al Ahli Bank of Kuwait K.S.C.P ..............................................  
5,898 
5,627 
4,852 
4,883 
Commercial Bank of Kuwait ....................................................  
4,324 
4,290 
4,389 
4,873 
 _______________  
Source: 30 June 2022 financial statements and historical annual reports for each bank. 
(1) Total assets are based on consolidated figures and include international assets. 
 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group's consolidated total assets represented 58.4 per cent. of the total consolidated 
assets of the Kuwaiti conventional commercial banking sector. 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(KD million) 
Ranking by consolidated customer deposits(1) 
 
 
 
 
The Group........................................................................................  
18,921 
18,281 
17,104 
15,931 
Kuwait Finance House .....................................................................  
16,001 
15,867 
15,317 
13,553 
Burgan Bank ....................................................................................  
4,159 
4,162 
4,091 
3,991 
Gulf Bank ........................................................................................  
4,571 
4,304 
4,034 
3,950 
Al Ahli Bank of Kuwait K.S.C.P .....................................................  
4,127 
3,913 
3,486 
3,320 
Commercial Bank of Kuwait ...........................................................  
2,066 
2,120 
2,369 
2,453 
 _______________  
Source: 30 June 2022 financial statements and historical annual reports for each bank. 
(1) Customer deposits are based on consolidated figures and include international customer deposits. 
 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group's consolidated customer deposits represented 55.9 per cent. of the total 
consolidated customer deposits of the Kuwaiti conventional commercial banking sector.

--- Page 188 ---
171 
 
 
As at 30 June 
As at 31 December 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(KD million) 
Ranking by consolidated loans and advances(1)  
 
 
 
 
The Group........................................................................................  
20,138 
19,722 
17,504 
16,553 
Kuwait Finance House .....................................................................  
12,213 
11,355 
10,748 
9,337 
Burgan Bank ....................................................................................  
4,192 
4,279 
4,345 
4,284 
Gulf Bank ........................................................................................  
5,182 
4,837 
4,309 
4,438 
Al Ahli Bank of Kuwait K.S.C.P .....................................................  
3,610 
3,387 
3,117 
3,216 
Commercial Bank of Kuwait ...........................................................  
2,311 
2,278 
2,279 
2,267 
 _______________  
Source: 30 June 2022 financial statements and historical annual reports for each bank. 
(1) Customer loans and advances are based on consolidated figures and include international customer loans and advances. Figures 
for the Group include Islamic financing. 
 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group's consolidated customer loans, advances and Islamic financing to customers 
represented approximately 56.8 per cent. of the total consolidated customer loans and advances of the Kuwaiti 
conventional commercial banking sector. 
The Group's current competitive strategy is to focus on maintaining its market leadership positions in 
its domestic market and to attract new customers through the products and service which it offers. See "—
Strategy—Defend and grow leadership position in Kuwait". 
The Islamic banking sector in Kuwait is attracting a growing customer base, particularly among local 
cooperative and other similar bodies. A general prohibition on Kuwaiti banks offering financing secured 
on mortgages of private residences in Kuwait was introduced in 2008. However, in 2011 a court decision 
resulted in an exception in respect of Islamic banks only, allowing them to finance purchases of residential 
properties using a mortgage over the property as security. Accordingly, the principal competitive 
advantage enjoyed by Islamic banks is their ability to offer residential mortgage financing, which 
conventional banks are not permitted to do. Regulatory restrictions relating to interest rates and ratios 
for personal lending typically favour Islamic banks over conventional banks. In particular, whereas 
the interest rates that can be charged by conventional banks are capped, given there is no concept of 
interest in Islamic banking, the Islamic banks in Kuwait are able to earn better margins than conventional 
banks on their financing portfolios. Although Boubyan Bank has a smaller balance sheet than certain other 
Islamic banks operating in Kuwait, its strategy is to differentiate itself by focusing on high net worth and 
affluent clients and large and mid-market corporate customers, thereby leveraging many of the Group's core 
strengths. See "—Strategy—Geographic and product and service diversification—Strengthening its Islamic 
banking franchise". 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
To ensure that its IT continues to meet changing business requirements, the Group's IT strategy is structured 
to optimise people, process and technology (each as discussed further below), with the main focus on 
governance, organisation, quality, applications portfolios and technology infrastructure. 
People 
The Group aims to recruit and retain talented and competent IT staff to manage its technology assets 
and deliver change. In addition, a focus on training and succession planning aims to establish clear career 
paths for IT staff. However, the Group may consider alternative forms of resourcing in the future, 
including managed services and selective outsourcing, to allow the IT function to contain costs and 
better service growing needs in end-user support, network management, mainframe management, tooling, 
project operations support, service desk and the network operations centre. 
Process 
The Group believes business process and automation are becoming more aligned, which will reduce manual 
intervention and enhance workflow. As part of its service improvement programme, change request 
processes, system development lifecycle, IT service management, IT vendor management, project 
management, risk and audit management are all within the IT realm of continuous improvement. The system 
and service tools adopted will help to monitor versions, highlight end-of-life technologies and help stabilise 
systems to ensure production deficiencies and incidents are kept to a minimum. The Group has also 
implemented a new data centre to safeguard stability, increase availability, provide scalability and enhance 
customer experience.

--- Page 189 ---
172 
 
Technology 
The Group focuses on stability, increased availability and scalability to ensure that its customers are able to 
access online channels and systems when needed, including online banking, mobile banking, ATMs and 
branch systems. As a result, the Group has focused on foundation technologies such as the new Tier III active-
active data centre, utilising state of the art network, storage and server technologies, which became 
operational in December 2018. The Group's disaster recovery site has been transformed to operate in parallel 
with the new data centre in a cluster. The Group has also adopted enhanced metrics where both infrastructure 
and business applications can be fine-tuned with performance-monitoring tools. Since 2013, all Group 
businesses have measurable, annually-reviewed, service level agreements which are used to benchmark key 
performance indicators with a view to further continuous improvements. 
The introduction of robotic process automation is an important component of the Group's digitisation 
strategy, particularly in the role it will play in optimising costs. With over 100 processes identified for 
automation, the programme will significantly limit the need to increase headcount while eliminating human 
error to improve quality and increase customer satisfaction. 
Data security 
The Group has an offsite IT operations centre with a primary site located at Al Rai and a secondary site located 
at Jleeb Al Sheyokh that run as a cluster to support the operations of the Bank. This set up ensures that all 
systems are fully operational in line with the Group's business continuity plan, providing essential services to 
its customers. The Group has adopted tapeless technology and carries out daily and other periodic data back-
ups which are stored in the primary operations centre and replicated online (in real time) to the secondary site. 
Additionally, the Group provides near real time back-ups of all critical systems and data to an international 
location (which is in the United Kingdom) in compliance with CBK instructions. Cyber security maintains 
its place among the Group's highest priorities and is a key area of investment. In 2019, the Bank expedited 
its plans to improve the security infrastructure with a two-pillar approach focused on systems and people, 
considering multiple levels of control. On the systems side, security analysis has included email filtering and 
controls, as well as web access and browsing exercises. 
Data loss prevention and end point protection are also areas of focus, and the Bank has engaged in an 
evaluation programme with specialised consultants to review and validate the system of controls. With regard 
to people, end-user awareness is critical and has been supported by an intensive 'Cyber Security Awareness' 
test which every member of the Bank was required to learn and pass. 
LITIGATION 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group is not involved in any pending or, to the best of the Group's 
knowledge, threatened litigation or arbitration proceedings which may constitute a threat to the Bank or to 
any of its subsidiaries or which would have a material adverse effect on its financial position. Therefore, 
no material provision has been made as at 30 June 2021 regarding any outstanding legal proceedings. 
INSURANCE 
The Group maintains various insurance policies and coverage. These include standard property insurance 
coverage for its assets (premises and contents), bankers' blanket bond coverage, general liability insurance, 
crime insurance coverage, cyber-crime and cyber-security coverage, staff private medical insurance 
coverage and professional indemnity insurance coverage. The Group also maintains a limited terrorism 
insurance cover (based on commercial viability) for its assets in Kuwait, Egypt, Bahrain and other locations. 
The Group's assets are generally insured on a reinstatement cost basis. The Group's aim is to maintain 
market standard insurance coverage. 
EMPLOYEES 
The Group's human resources policy is designed to attract, retain and motivate high-calibre, professional, 
skilled and knowledgeable employees. The Group protects and abides by the rights provided to employees 
which include, but are not limited to: 
•  
a transparent working environment;

--- Page 190 ---
173 
 
• 
employee talent-management schemes; and 
• 
a transparent remuneration and compensation structure and access to a "whistleblowing" policy 
(which enables all employees to raise concerns in good faith and confidence directly to the Chairman). 
The Group has developed a "High-Fliers" programme to provide employees identified as possessing 
leadership potential with exposure to various departments within the Group. In line with its commitment 
to develop and invest in its key "human capital" resources, the Group collaborates with world-class 
universities to provide these employees with training in a wide range of leadership disciplines. 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group employed 7,508 full-time staff, compared to 7,511 as at 31 December 2021 
2021, 7,179 as at 31 December 2020 and 6,970 as at 31 December 2019. 
The Bank is committed to identifying, attracting and developing Kuwaiti nationals in its workforce. The 
Kuwaiti Government's recommended policy is that, with effect from June 2019, 70 per cent. of a bank's total 
personnel in Kuwait should consist of Kuwaiti nationals. The Bank's Kuwaitisation level as at 30 June 2022 
was 74.9 per cent. (which was compliant with the recommended policy at that date) and it is currently in 
compliance with all other applicable employment regulations.

--- Page 191 ---
174 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
INTRODUCTION 
In common with other financial institutions, risk, including credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk and 
operational risk, is inherent in the Group's activities. The complexity in the Group's business operations and 
diversity of geographical locations require efficient and timely identification, measurement, aggregation 
and management of risks and efficient allocation of capital towards achieving the ultimate objectives of 
enhancing the Group's asset values and income streams in order to protect the interests of its shareholders 
and external fund providers, increase shareholder value and achieve a return on equity that is commensurate 
with the risks assumed. Management of these inherent risks is critical to ensuring the Group's financial 
soundness and profitability. 
The Group's risk management framework is integral to its operations and culture and it seeks to manage 
risk in a structured, systematic manner through a global risk policy which embeds comprehensive risk 
management into the organisational structure, risk measurement and monitoring processes. 
Ultimate responsibility for setting out risk appetite and effective management of risk rests with the Board. 
This is managed through the Board Risk and Compliance Committee (the "BRCC") and the Group 
Executive Committee (the "EC"). These committees ensure that risk- taking authority and policies are 
effectively communicated from the Board to the relevant business units. The Group's risk management, 
compliance management and internal audit functions assist executive management in controlling and 
actively managing the Group's overall risk profile. 
The key features of the Group's comprehensive risk management policy are: 
• 
the Board provides overall risk management direction and oversight; 
• 
the Group's risk appetite is reviewed by the BRCC and ultimately approved by the Board; 
• 
risk management focused on compliance with applicable laws, regulations and internal policies is 
intrinsically embedded in the Group's process and is a core competency of all its employees; 
• 
the Group manages its credit, market, liquidity and operational risks in a co-ordinated manner 
within the organisation; and 
• 
the Group's internal audit function reports to the BAC and provides independent validation of 
the business units' compliance with risk policies and procedures and the adequacy and 
effectiveness of the risk management framework on a Group-wide basis. 
GROUP RISK MANAGEMENT 
The Group risk management, which is headed by the Group Chief Risk Officer (the "GCRO"), reports 
directly to the BRCC and is responsible for: 
• 
identifying and assessing the key risks faced by the Group; 
• 
measuring the Group's exposure to those risks; 
• 
monitoring this exposure in light of the Group's risk appetite, as approved by the Board; 
• 
determining the Group's corresponding capital needs on an ongoing basis; 
• 
monitoring and assessing major decisions related to risk-taking; and 
• 
following up and evaluating decisions related to certain risks. 
The Group risk management comprises the following departments: 
• 
domestic credit risk management; 
• 
international credit risk management;

--- Page 192 ---
175 
 
• 
operational risk management; 
• 
market risk management; 
• 
insurance and risk financing; 
• 
credit administration; and 
• 
IT risk management and business continuity 
The risk management function assists senior management in controlling and actively managing the Group's 
overall risk. The function also ensures that: 
• 
the Group's overall business strategy is consistent with its risk appetite approved by the Board of 
Directors and allocated by the EC; 
• 
risk policies, procedures and methodologies are consistent with the Group's risk appetite; 
• 
appropriate risk management architecture and systems are developed and implemented; and 
• 
risks and limits of the portfolio are monitored throughout the Group, including at appropriate 
"regional" levels. 
The Group regularly assesses the adequacy and effectiveness of its risk management framework in light of 
the changing risk environment. 
RISK MANAGEMENT STRATEGY 
The key elements of the Board-approved risk strategy are: 
• 
maintaining stability and business continuity during stress situations; 
• 
ensuring effective and adequate compliance with regulatory capital requirements and internal capital 
targets in keeping with the Group's strategy; 
• 
developing the Group's IT infrastructure and using modern methods to raise the professional level 
and levels of experience of human resources; 
• 
effective risk planning through an appropriate risk appetite; and 
• 
performing stress tests consistently to assess the impact on the Group's capital requirements, 
capital base and liquidity position. 
RISK APPETITE 
The Group's risk appetite defines the maximum limit of risk that the Group is willing to accept in relevant 
business categories in order to achieve an optimal balance of risk and return which will enable the 
achievement of its strategic objectives. Any risk which breaches the Group's stated risk appetite must 
be mitigated as a matter of priority to within acceptable levels. 
The risk appetite is reviewed and presented by the BRCC to the Board for final approval. This ensures the 
risk appetite statements are consistent with the Group's strategy and business environment. Through 
the risk appetite statements, the Board communicates to management the acceptable level of risk for 
the Group, determined in a manner which meets the objectives of shareholders, depositors and regulators. 
The Group risk management aims to identify early warnings of risk limit and risk appetite breaches, and 
is responsible for notifying them to the BRCC and the Board. 
SCOPE AND NATURE OF RISK REPORTING TOOLS 
The Group's risk management framework enables it to identify, assess, limit and monitor risks using a range 
of quantitative and qualitative tools. Some of these tools are common to a number of risk categories, while

--- Page 193 ---
176 
 
others are tailored to the particular features of specific risk categories and enable generation of information 
such as: 
• 
credit risk in commercial and consumer lending and other asset exposures, such as collateral 
coverage ratio, limit utilisation and past-due alerts; 
• 
quantification of the susceptibility of the market value of single positions or portfolios to changes 
in market parameters (commonly referred to as sensitivity analysis); 
• 
quantification of exposure to losses due to extreme movements in market prices or rates. 
The CBK requires all Kuwaiti banks to perform semi-annual stress tests under three scenarios: mild, medium 
and severe. Historically, these tests were performed utilising two sets of assumptions: one based on CBK-
prescribed parameters, which were essentially shocks on Pillar 1 risks, and the other based on the Group's 
own assumptions, generally required to be more comprehensive (by including Pillar 2 risks) than those 
prescribed by the CBK. The CBK-prescribed parameters cover stress scenarios for interest income, fee 
income, foreign exchange trading income, falls in collateral value and stock market declines resulting in 
additional impairment losses. 
With effect from January 2021, the CBK introduced its own model of stress-testing to assess the impact 
across the banking sector in Kuwait. Banks are required to continue with stress tests semi-annually utilising 
their own assumptions. Furthermore, from time to time the CBK may require them to conduct additional 
stress tests to quantify potential inherent risks. 
The Group augments its overall framework for governance and capital planning and management by 
undertaking an ICAAP, which includes "scenario testing" at periodic, regular intervals. One of the key 
objectives of the ICAAP is to quantify potential inherent risks which the Group faces that are not covered 
under Pillar 1. As a part of ICAAP, the Group also assesses its capital contingency options. In line with the 
guidelines from the Basel Committee and the CBK, key principles of the Group's ICAAP include: 
• 
responsibilities of the Board and senior management; 
• 
sound capital management; 
• 
comprehensive assessment of Pillar II risks, for example credit (sector and name concentration), 
liquidity, legal, reputational and strategic risks; 
• 
monitoring and reporting; and 
• 
control and review of the process. 
The Group regularly assesses the adequacy and effectiveness of its risk management and other reporting 
tools and metrics in light of the changing risk environment. 
PRINCIPAL RISKS 
The principal risks faced by the Group are: 
• 
Credit risk, which is the risk that one party to a financial instrument will fail to discharge 
an obligation on maturity, or in a timely manner, causing the other party to incur a financial 
loss. Concentrations of credit risk arise when a number of counterparties are engaged in similar 
business activities, or activities in the same geographic region, or have similar economic features 
that would cause their ability to meet contractual obligations to be affected similarly by changes 
in economic, political or other conditions. Concentration risk may also arise as a result of 
large exposures to individuals or a group of related counterparties. Concentrations of credit risk 
indicate the relative sensitivity of the Group's performance to developments affecting a particular 
industry or geographic location. For further information regarding the Group's credit risk, see 
"Risk Factors—Factors that may Affect the Bank's Ability to Fulfil its Obligations in Respect 
of Notes Issued under the Programme—Credit risks". 
• 
Market risk, which is the risk that changes in market prices, such as interest rates, equity 
prices, commodity prices, foreign exchange rates and credit spreads (not relating to changes in

--- Page 194 ---
177 
 
the obligor's/issuer's credit standing) will affect the Group's income or the value of its 
holdings of financial instruments. Market risk is broadly classified into three categories: (i) 
interest rate risk, which is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial 
instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates; (ii) foreign exchange risk, 
which is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate 
because of changes in foreign exchange rates; and (iii) equity price risk which is the risk that the 
fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market 
prices (other than those arising from interest rate risk or foreign exchange risk) whether those 
changes are caused by factors specific to the individual financial instrument or its issuer or by 
factors affecting all similar financial instruments traded in the market. For further information 
regarding the Group's market risk, see "Risk Factors—Factors that may Affect the Bank's Ability 
to Fulfil its Obligations in Respect of Notes Issued under the Programme—Market Risks". 
• 
Liquidity risk, which is the risk that the Group will be unable to meet the payment obligations 
associated with its financial liabilities when they fall due and/or replace funds when they are 
withdrawn. The Group's approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it 
will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and 
stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking reputational damage. For 
further information regarding the Group's liquidity risk, see "Risk Factors—Factors that may 
Affect the Bank's Ability to Fulfil its Obligations in Respect of Notes Issued under the 
Programme—Liquidity Risks". 
• 
Operational risk, which is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, 
people and systems or from external events and includes fraud, unauthorised activities, error, 
omission and inefficiency. Operational risks can expose the Group to potentially large losses and, 
while the Group cannot eliminate all operational risk, it has developed a comprehensive process 
of identifying, assessing, monitoring and reporting operational risk internally. For further 
information regarding the Group's operational risk, see "Risk Factors—Factors that may Affect 
the Bank's Ability to Fulfil its Obligations in Respect of Notes Issued under the Programme—
Operational Risks". 
Credit risk 
Credit risk management strategy 
Senior management implements the credit risk strategy approved by the Board following the 
recommendations of the BRCC and develops policies and procedures for identifying, assessing, monitoring 
and controlling credit risk. 
The EC, chaired by the GCEO and comprising senior executives from the business divisions, meets 
regularly to review significant credit policies and the Group's corporate and consumer credit portfolios and 
advises the Board appropriately. All significant credit policies and amendments to policies are reviewed and 
approved annually by this committee and ratified by the Board. Within this framework, limits and approval 
authorities are exercised by the officers delegated with defined approval authorities. 
In compliance with CBK regulations, lending to individual Board members and related parties is fully 
secured and monitored by the senior credit committee and the BCC. Furthermore, facilities granted to 
these related parties are made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as 
those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with unrelated parties. All such facilities are 
approved by the Board in accordance with authorities granted by the shareholders' general assembly. 
Country limits are determined based on an analysis of economic, social and political factors, taking 
into consideration reliable data, reports by recognised and creditable market sources and the application 
of local business and market knowledge. Significant country-limit exposures are subject to periodic 
review and approval by the Board or the BCC. 
Corporate credit risk management 
Corporate credit facilities are granted based on detailed credit risk assessments that consider the purpose of 
the facility and source of repayment, prevailing and potential macro-economic factors, industry trends and 
the customer's positioning within its industry peer group.

--- Page 195 ---
178 
 
Internal credit-rating models are regularly reviewed by the Group risk management function in co-
ordination with line management and the EC and are continually enhanced in line with industry credit risk 
management best practices. 
All new credit proposals along with reviews of, and material changes to, existing credit facilities are 
evaluated and approved by an appropriate credit committee. The Group has the following hierarchy of 
credit committees at the head office level: 
• 
BCC, which consists of non-executive Board members and approves all facilities exceeding 
the mandate of the other committees; 
• 
Senior credit committee, which consists of the GCEO, the Deputy Group CEO, the CEO-Kuwait, 
the Deputy CEO-Kuwait, the Chief Credit Officer, the Head of Corporate Banking and a number 
of senior executives in Corporate Banking and is responsible for reviewing, approving or 
recommending domestic credit proposals that exceed the management credit committee's 
competence as well as those concerning criticised accounts (which, as part of the Group's overall 
credit quality monitoring processes, are accounts which although neither classified as 'past due' nor 
'past due and impaired', have experienced difficulties which may cause them to become categorised 
as 'irregular' accounts (being accounts which are either classified as 'past due' or 'past due and 
impaired')); 
• 
Management credit committee, which consists of the Head of Corporate Banking, the Deputy Head 
of Corporate Banking, the Head of Domestic Credit Risk Management and a number of senior 
executives in Corporate Banking and is responsible for reviewing, approving or recommending 
domestic credit proposals, except those concerning criticised accounts and those that exceed the 
management credit committee's competence, which are escalated to the senior credit committee; 
• 
Senior international credit committee, which consists of the GCEO, the Deputy Group CEO and 
the GCRO and is responsible for reviewing, approving or recommending all credit proposals 
originating from the Group's international offices that exceed the management international credit 
committee's mandate as well as those concerning criticised accounts; and 
• 
Management international credit committee, which consists of the Head of Group Risk 
Management, the Chief Credit Officer, the CEO of the International Banking Group and the 
Assistant General Manager of International Credit and is responsible for reviewing, approving or 
recommending all credit proposals originating from the Group's international offices except those 
concerning criticised accounts, which are escalated to the senior international credit committee. 
The credit committees have a set of approval authorities in place as delegated by the Board and which vary 
by reference to the type of counterparty (for example, sovereign, financial institution and corporate), the 
counterparty rating (investment grade or speculative) and whether the facility is secured or non-cash, 
among other factors. Specific approval authorities exist for fully-secured facilities as well as criticised 
accounts. 
In addition, the Group's international offices have their own hierarchy of credit committees. 
Credit facility administration is undertaken by a segregated function to ensure proper execution of all credit 
approvals and maintenance of documentation, and proactive control over maturities, expiry of limits, 
collateral valuation and contractual covenants. 
Consumer credit risk management 
The Group's consumer credit risks are managed through an independent unit which is part of the Group risk 
management and works with the consumer banking business. Consumer credit risk management functional 
areas are aligned with key concepts of risk management, namely governance, control and measurement and 
reporting. 
Credit risk is managed through a framework that sets out policies and procedures covering the measurement 
and management of credit risk. There is a clear segregation of duties between transaction originators in the 
businesses and approvers. Within this framework, all credit exposure limits are approved within a defined 
credit approval authority framework. Policies and procedures specific to each business/product line are 
approved by the EC and significant policies are ratified by the Board.

--- Page 196 ---
179 
 
Credit review procedures and loan classification 
Corporate and SMEs 
The Group's policy is to assess the credit risk in commercial banking through a risk-rating process which 
provides transparency and consistency to enable comparison between obligors. The Group uses an industry 
standard risk-rating tool to make these assessments. Under this risk-rating framework, the borrowers are rated 
based on financial and business assessments. 
The risk-rating process derives obligor risk-ratings ("ORRs") and facility risk-ratings ("FRRs"). The rating 
methodology focuses on factors such as operating performance, liquidity, debt service and capital 
structure. The ratio analysis includes the assessment of each ratio's trend across multiple periods, in terms 
of both rate change and the volatility of the trend. It also compares the value of the ratio for the most 
recent period with the values of the comparable peer group. Qualitative assessments of the operations, 
liquidity and capital structure are also included in the assessment. The ORR yields a scale of 10 ratings 
for performing obligors plus three for non-performing obligors and reflects the probability of default for 
an obligor (irrespective of facility type or collateral) over the next 12 months for a senior unsecured facility. 
The Group has implemented risk-rating models for commercial, real estate, high net worth individuals and 
project finance facilities. 
The Group also has an approved framework for FRRs. While the ORR does not take into consideration 
factors such as the availability of collateral and support, the FRR is a measure of the quality of the credit 
exposure based on the expected loss in the event of default after considering collateral and support. The 
availability of eligible collateral or support substantially reduces the extent of the loss in the event of default 
and such risk-mitigating factors are reflected in the FRR. 
In cases where the risk-rating tool is not applicable, the Group assigns a rating based on an internal assessment 
which is mapped to the relevant external rating scale. 
The Group classifies its exposure in accordance with the North American Industry Classification System Code 
in addition to the classification based on purpose codes as defined by the CBK. This additional classification 
helps to improve the accuracy of ORRs through peer group analysis in respect of performance and financial 
indicators and also allows the Group to classify its portfolio into sub-segments which facilitates analysis 
and improves the management of concentrations. 
Financial institutions 
The Group's policy is to assess the credit risk in facilities granted to financial institutions by utilising data 
from external credit agencies. This data is further complemented by the relevant financial institution's existing 
bilateral transaction history and potential relationship with the Group. The resulting credit facilities are 
structured across various products and maturities and are subject to review at least twice annually. 
Consumer lending 
Credit risk scorecard models are used to facilitate credit decisions and to monitor credit facilities advanced 
to 
higher-risk customer segments of 
consumer banking. Consumer lending criteria incorporate CBK 
regulatory guidelines and Group policies related to consumer credit facilities, such as debt-to-income ratio, 
minimum qualifying income and limits on advances by product type. Additional inputs utilised include 
applicant characteristics obtained from credit bureaus, particularly the Kuwait credit bureau, to assist in 
assessing an applicant's ability to repay and the probability of default. 
Consumer credit risk is monitored with three lines of defence. In the first line of defence, the consumer 
business lending group is responsible for adherence to credit policies, controls and processes. In the second 
line of defence, the consumer credit risk management team, working independently of the business unit, 
assesses and ensures implementation of credit risk management discipline and policies. The third line of 
defence, the internal audit function, independently tests, verifies and evaluates controls for effective 
credit risk management and the implementation of policies and procedures. 
Portfolio management 
The Group has also introduced a portfolio risk-rating process through which the overall portfolio quality 
is assessed at regular intervals and analysed in credit committees. In addition, a RAROC (Risk-Adjusted

--- Page 197 ---
180 
 
Return on Capital) model is in use to guide business lines and management in pricing credit facilities 
granted to corporate clients. The RAROC model is based on the premise that pricing should be aligned 
with the risk embedded in the proposal. 
The table below shows a classification of the Group's customer loan portfolio by credit quality as at 31 
December in each of 2021 and 2020 and has been extracted from note 28.1.4 to the 2021 Financial Statements. 
 
High(1) 
Standard(2) 
Past due but 
not 
impaired(3) 
Past due and 
impaired 
Total gross 
customer loan 
portfolio 
 
(KD thousands) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2021 ..........................  
17,689,493 
2,455,348 
 
211,154 
20,355,995 
31 December 2020 ..........................  
15,339,168 
2,540,017 
 
312,381 
18,191,566 
 _______________  
(1) Credit exposures classified as "High" quality are those where the ultimate risk of financial loss from the obligor's failure to 
discharge its obligation is assessed to be low. These include facilities to corporate entities with financial condition, risk indicators 
and repayment capacity which are considered to be good to excellent. 
(2) Credit exposures classified as "Standard" quality comprise all other facilities whose payment performance is fully compliant with 
contractual conditions and which are not impaired. 
 
As at 31 December 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, 92.6 per cent., 91.5 per cent. and 91.4 
per cent., respectively, of the past due but not impaired category was 60 days or less past due, with the 
remaining loans being between 61 and 90 days past due. 
Of the aggregate amount of gross past due or impaired loans, advances and Islamic financing to customers, 
the fair value of collateral that the Group held as at 31 December 2021 was KD 182 million (31 December 
2020: KD 201 million and 31 December 2019: KD 92 million). 
Loan monitoring 
The Group's credit exposures are regularly reviewed and monitored through a system of triggers and early-
warning signals aimed at detecting adverse symptoms which could result in a deterioration of credit risk 
quality. The triggers and early-warning systems along with market intelligence, facility utilisation and 
collateral valuation updates are included in the regular review of the credit facilities to enable timely 
corrective action by management. These reviews are performed on a semi-annual, annual and ad-hoc basis 
as required. The results of the monitoring process are reflected in the internal rating. 
The total portfolio credit risk is monitored on an ongoing basis with formal monthly and quarterly reporting 
to ensure senior management awareness of shifts in credit quality and portfolio performance along with 
changing external factors such as economic and business cycles. 
Cross-border exposures are monitored by the central credit risk management function against specific and 
set limits for this purpose. 
Consumer credit risk reporting also includes a dashboard for consumer and small-business lending, 
classification and delinquency monitoring, such as ageing and migration. 
A specialised problem loan workout team handles the management and collection of problem credit facilities. 
Credit risk mitigation strategy 
Portfolio diversification is the cornerstone of the Group's credit risk mitigation strategy, which is 
implemented through customer, industry and geographical limit structures. 
In accordance with CBK regulations, the Group limits its credit concentration per group of related entities 
to 15.0 per cent. of the Group's regulatory capital. This does not apply to government and quasi-
government entities, agencies and departments in the GCC countries that do not work on a commercial 
basis nor to banks. The Group also measures its concentration levels across sectors, geographies and 
products to ensure and enhance the portfolio oversight and diversification. 
Credit risk mitigants, such as collateral and guarantees from third parties, are used within the Group's 
portfolio and collateral quality is continuously monitored and assessed. Risk transfer in the form of

--- Page 198 ---
181 
 
syndications, risk participation arrangements with other banks and the sale of loans are additional practices 
used to manage the Group's exposures. 
The main types of collateral accepted by the Group are: 
• 
cash collateral; 
• 
quoted shares and units in collective investment schemes; 
• 
bank guarantees; 
• 
commercial and residential real estate; and 
• 
eligible debt instruments (principally sovereign and bank obligors). 
In accordance with the Group's credit policies, banks and creditworthy companies and individuals with a 
high net worth are accepted as guarantor counterparties, subject to credit risk assessment. However, in 
accordance with the CBK Basel III framework, only cash collateral, quoted shares, eligible debt instruments 
and units in collective investment schemes are recognised as risk mitigants for capital adequacy purposes. 
The custody and daily mark-to-market of financial collateral are performed independently of the business 
units. Except for private residences, real estate collateral is valued on an annual basis. 
For each of the years ended 31 December 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, respectively, 
an average of 45 per cent. of the Group's loans, advances and Islamic financing to customers portfolio 
(excluding consumer loans and net of provisions) were secured by collateral, primarily including cash, 
shares and real estate collateral. 
The Group is authorised to liquidate the portfolio of collateral at its discretion in the event of any default 
in the payment of the covered loan. The most liquid collateral (such as cash and listed shares) can then 
be liquidated within a matter of days and the proceeds applied to discharge the amounts outstanding 
on the relevant loan. 
The collateral enforcement process in Kuwait in respect of real estate involves a number of steps. Given 
the fact that the relevant debtor and/or guarantor may raise objections at each stage, if enforcement is 
contested the typical time taken to finalise enforcement proceedings in relation to real estate is between 
36 and 48 months and, in difficult cases, up to 60 months. 
Consumer loans are generally not secured. However, before granting consumer loans, the Group requires 
that the customer's employer makes the customer's salary payments direct to the customer's account held 
with the Group. 
Impairment, expected credit loss and/or provisions 
The Group computes ECLs on the following financial instruments which are not measured at fair value 
through profit or loss: 
• 
loans and advances, Islamic financing to customers including credit commitments; 
• 
letters of credit and financial guarantee contracts including commitments; 
• 
investment in debt securities measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive 
income; and 
• 
balances and deposits with banks. 
Equity investments are not subject to ECL. 
Credit facilities 
Credit facilities granted by the Group consists of loans and advances, Islamic financing to customers, letters 
of credit and financial guarantee contracts and commitments to grant credit facilities. Impairment on credit

--- Page 199 ---
182 
 
facilities is recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at an amount equal to the higher of: 
(i) ECL under IFRS 9 according to the CBK guidelines or (ii) the provisions required by CBK instructions. 
The Group in estimating ECL on credit facilities takes into consideration the following key parameters based 
on inputs from the CBK: 
• 
a floor for estimating probability of default ("PD") for specific portfolios; 
• 
eligible collateral with haircuts for determining loss given default ("LGD"); 
• 
deemed maturity for exposures in Stage 2 (as described below); and 
• 
a credit conversion factor on utilised and un-utilised portions for cash and non-cash facilities. 
Impairment of financial assets other than credit facilities 
The Group recognises ECL on investment in debt securities measured at amortised cost or at fair value 
through other comprehensive income and on balances and deposits with banks. 
ECLs 
The Group applies a three-stage approach to measure the expected credit loss as follows: 
• 
Stage 1: 12-month ECL: The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to 12-month ECL 
on financial assets where there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since their initial 
recognition or on exposures that are determined to have a low credit risk at the reporting date. The 
Group considers a financial asset to have low credit risk when its credit risk rating is equivalent to 
the globally understood definition of investment grade. 
• 
Stage 2: Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired: The Group measures loss allowances at an amount 
equal to lifetime ECL on financial assets where there has been a significant increase in credit risk 
since initial recognition but the financial assets are not credit-impaired. 
• 
Stage 3: Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired:  In accordance with IFRS 9 as adopted by the CBK, the 
entire balance is taken as ECL. 
Lifetime ECL is the ECL that results from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial 
instrument. The 12-month ECL is the portion of lifetime ECL that result from default events that are possible 
within the 12 months after the reporting date. Both lifetime ECLs and 12-month ECLs are calculated either 
on an individual basis or on a collective basis depending on the nature of the underlying portfolio of financial 
instruments. 
Determining the stage of Expected Credit Loss 
At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether there has been significant increase in credit risk since 
initial recognition by comparing the risk of default occurring over the remaining expected life from the 
reporting date with the risk of default at the date of initial recognition. The quantitative criteria used to 
determine a significant increase in credit risk is a series of relative and absolute thresholds. All financial 
assets that are 30 days past due are deemed to have a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition 
and are migrated to Stage 2 even if other criteria do not indicate a significant increase in credit risk. 
At each reporting date, the Group also assesses whether a financial asset or group of financial assets is credit-
impaired. The Group considers a financial asset to be credit-impaired when one or more events that have a 
detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred or when contractual 
payments are 90 days past due. All credit-impaired financial assets are classified as Stage 3 for ECL 
measurement purposes. Evidence of credit impairment includes observable data about the following: 
• 
significant financial difficulty of the borrower or issuer; 
• 
a breach of contract such as default or past due event;

--- Page 200 ---
183 
 
• 
the lender having granted to the borrower a concession, that the lender would otherwise not consider, 
for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower's financial difficulty; 
• 
the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties; and 
• 
purchase of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred credit loss. 
At the reporting date, if the credit risk of a financial asset has not increased significantly since initial 
recognition or is not credit-impaired, the financial asset is classified as Stage 1. 
Measurement of ECLs 
ECL is a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses and is measured as the present value of all cash 
shortfalls discounted at the effective interest rate of the financial instrument. Cash shortfalls represent the 
difference between cash flows due to the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the 
Group expects to receive. The key elements in the measurement of ECL include PD, LGD and exposure at 
default ("EAD"). The Group estimates these elements using appropriate credit risk models taking into 
consideration all relevant information, including the internal and external credit ratings of the asset and the 
nature and value of any collateral and forward looking macro-economic scenarios, which primarily reflect 
reasonable and supportable forecasts of future macro-economic conditions. 
Modification of loans and Islamic financing to customers 
Under certain circumstances, the Group seeks to restructure loans and Islamic financing to customers rather 
than taking possession of collateral. This may involve extending the payment arrangements, a reduction in 
the amount of principal or interest or profit and the agreement of new loan or financing conditions. If the 
modifications are substantial, such a facility is derecognised and a new facility is recognised with 
substantially different terms and conditions. In cases where the financial asset is derecognised, the loss 
allowance for ECL is remeasured at the date of derecognition to determine the net carrying amount of the 
asset at that date. The difference between this revised carrying amount and the fair value of the new financial 
asset with the new terms will lead to a gain or loss on derecognition. The new financial asset will have a loss 
allowance measured based on 12-month ECL, except in the rare occasions where the new financing is 
considered to be originated credit-impaired. This applies only in cases where the fair value of the new 
financing is recognised at a significant discount to its revised par amount, because there remains a high risk 
of default which has not been reduced by the modification. Management continuously reviews modified loans 
and Islamic financing to customers to ensure that all criteria are met and that future payments are likely to 
occur. Management also assesses whether there has been significant increase in credit risk or the facility 
should be classified in stage 3. When loans and Islamic financing to customers have been modified but not 
derecognised, any impairment is measured using the original effective interest rate as calculated before the 
modification of terms. 
Write off 
The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) when the Group 
determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows 
to repay the amounts. However, financial assets that are written off could still be subject to enforcement 
activities in order to comply with the Group's procedures for recovery of amounts due. 
Presentation of allowance for ECL in the statement of financial position 
Loss allowances for ECL are presented as a deduction from the gross carrying amount of the financial assets 
for financial assets carried at amortised cost. In the case of debt instruments measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income, the Group recognises the ECL charge in the consolidated statement of income 
and a corresponding amount is recognised in other comprehensive income with no reduction in the carrying 
amount of the financial asset in the consolidated statement of financial position. ECL for loan commitments, 
letters of credit and financial guarantee contracts are recognised in other liabilities. 
When the Group is unable to identify the ECL on the undrawn portion of credit commitments separately from 
drawn portion of commitments, the combined amount of ECL is presented as a deduction from the gross 
carrying amount of the drawn portion.

--- Page 201 ---
184 
 
Provisions for credit losses in accordance with CBK instructions 
Credit facilities are classified as past-due when a payment has not been received on its contractual payment 
date, or if the facility is in excess of pre-approved limits. 
A credit facility is considered as past-due and impaired if the interest or profit or a principal instalment is 
past due for more than 90 days and if the carrying amount of the facility is greater than its estimated 
recoverable value. 
Past-due and past-due and impaired facilities are managed and monitored as "irregular" facilities and 
are classified into the following four categories, which are then used to guide the provisioning process: 
• 
Watchlist, irregular for a period up to and including 90 days (no specific provision required); 
• 
Substandard, irregular for a period from and including 91 days and up to and including 180 days (20 
per cent. specific provision required); 
• 
Doubtful, irregular for a period from and including 181 days and up to and including 365 days (50 
per cent. specific provision required); and 
• 
Bad, irregular for a period exceeding 365 days (100 per cent. specific provision required). 
The Group may also include a credit facility in one of the above categories based on management's judgement 
of a customer's financial and/or non-financial circumstances. 
In relation to credit facilities which have been rescheduled by agreement between the Group and the customer, 
any previously-made provision is required to be maintained to meet the rescheduled credit facilities. When 
25 per cent. of the rescheduled debt balance has been repaid, the provision committee may reduce the 
provision to an amount not less than 20 per cent. of the debt balance. 
In addition to specific provisions, minimum general provisions of 1 per cent. for cash facilities and 0.5 per 
cent. for non-cash facilities (net of certain restricted categories of collateral) are required to be made for all 
facilities in respect of which no specific provision has been made. 
MARKET RISK 
Market risk is defined as the potential loss in value of financial instruments or contracts caused by adverse 
movements in market variables such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, volatility and 
spreads. 
The Group identifies market risk inherent in its financial claims and loans, foreign exchange exposure, trading 
and investment activities, and defines its market risk management strategy through: 
• 
the implementation of a Market Risk Management Framework; 
• 
well-defined processes and strong and effective controls; 
• 
recognition of market risk as inherent in the Group's business model and macro-economic 
environment; 
• 
clear segregation of "front", "back" and "middle" office duties; 
• 
the Group's approach to accepting, limiting and increasing market risks; 
• 
regular and effective monitoring and reporting of exposures and risk measures; 
• 
regular monitoring of market prices and valuation of financial instruments; 
• 
a defined set of internal limits and regular reporting on the adherence to those limits; 
• 
regular independent reviews of internal controls and limits; and

--- Page 202 ---
185 
 
• 
implementation of adequate infrastructure. 
Market risk management 
The Group's market risk management consists of governance, identification and measurement and 
management and limit setting (risk appetite), as well as reporting/management information. 
The Board is ultimately responsible for determining and setting the amount of market risk that the Group is 
exposed to as a result of executing its business strategy through the Group's risk appetite. The EC is 
responsible for ensuring all market risks are monitored and maintained within approved limits. All activities 
giving rise to market risk are conducted within a structure of approved credit and position limits. Group 
Market Risk Management independently measures, monitors and reports on Bank's market risk exposure. 
Unresolved material breaches to risk limits are reviewed by a subcommittee of the EC and either approved 
or recommended for remedial action. The Group Asset Liability Management unit is responsible for 
supervising the management of market risk exposure. 
The General Manager of the Treasury Group and General Managers in overseas locations are responsible for 
managing the Group's trading activities. 
Market risk arising from trading activities 
The Group's market risk management independently monitors the regional and global trading market 
risk exposure using Value-at-Risk ("VaR") methodology to derive quantitative measures specifically 
for market risk under normal market conditions. This enables the Group to apply a constant and uniform 
measure across all of its trading activities and facilitates comparisons of market risk estimates, both over 
time and against daily trading results. Group VaR is calculated using a 99 per cent. confidence level and a 
holding period of ten days. 
The VaR is supplemented with stress-testing (a stressed VaR) to quantify market risk under extreme stress 
scenarios based on observed historical worst-case and in-house developed scenarios. VaR computation allows 
for diversification benefits at the Group level. Furthermore, the Group recognises and mitigates the 
correlation of other risks and processes on its market risk monitoring process. 
In addition to VaR, the Group uses a structure of foreign exchange and interest rate limits to manage and 
control its market risk associated with trading activities. The Group's market risk is also assessed under 
stressed conditions using the same framework. Computations are based on stressed historical data. 
Non-trading market risk in the banking book 
The Group's key non-trading market risk is the sensitivity of its net interest income to movements in interest 
rates. This interest-rate risk in the banking book is managed through a "re-pricing gap" limit structure which 
is supplemented by periodic analysis of scenarios (instantaneous parallel shift of +/-5 basis points and +/-
10 basis points to the yield curve) to capture the sensitivity of the exposure to interest rate changes. 
This analysis of scenarios showed the following impacts in the banking book as at the dates stated: 
 
+5 bps 
-5 bps 
+10 bps 
-10 bps 
 
(KD thousands) 
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2021 ................................................................ 
3,014 
(3,014) 
6,028 
(6,028) 
31 December 2020 ................................................................ 
2,363 
(2,363) 
4,727 
(4,727) 
31 December 2019 ................................................................ 
2,168 
(2,168) 
4,336 
(4,336) 
 
The Group does not use the results of scenario analysis to predict changes in its earnings because of 
the simplified assumptions inherent in scenario analysis, which include assumptions that interest rates move 
by the same percentage irrespective of maturity, that all positions run to maturity and that no management 
corrective action is taken to mitigate the impact of interest rate risk. In addition to interest rate risk, the 
Group is also exposed to market risk as a result of changes in the "fair value" of its strategic equity and 
investment positions held without any intention of liquidation.

--- Page 203 ---
186 
 
Interest rate risk 
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate 
because of changes in market interest rates. 
The Group does not believe that it is excessively exposed to interest rate risk as most of its assets 
and liabilities are re-priced regularly and much of its exposures arising on medium-term fixed rate lending 
or fixed rate borrowing are covered by interest rate swaps. In addition, the re-pricing gaps of its assets and 
liabilities are carefully monitored and controlled through limits pre-established by the Board and adjusted 
where necessary to reflect the changing market conditions. In the case of certain consumer loans denominated 
in Kuwaiti dinar, the Group is exposed to some interest rate risk, since interest rates on those loans are not 
re-priced for the first five years and then the subsequent permitted adjustments are restricted in amount. 
Interest rate sensitivity of profit measures the effect of the assumed changes in interest rates on the net interest 
income for one year, based on the interest-bearing financial assets and financial liabilities held at the year-
end. This includes the effect of hedging instruments but excludes loan commitments. The sensitivity on 
equity is the impact arising from changes in interest rates on the fair value of investments in debt securities 
classified as fair value through other comprehensive income/available for sale. Sensitivity to interest rate 
movements is symmetrical as financial instruments giving rise to non-symmetric movements are not 
significant. 
Based on the Group's financial assets and financial liabilities held as at 31 December 2020, 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2018, respectively, an assumed 25 basis points increase in interest rate, with all 
other variables held constant, would impact the Group's profit and equity as follows: 
 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
Currency 
Movement 
in basis 
points 
Effect on 
profit 
Effect on 
equity 
Effect on 
profit 
Effect on 
equity 
Effect on 
profit 
Effect on 
equity 
 
(KD thousands) 
KWD .........................  
+25 
9,290 
— 
8,761 
— 
7,588 
— 
USD ...........................  
+25 
4,343 
— 
1,412 
(2) 
2,174 
(3) 
EUR ...........................  
+25 
256 
— 
493 
— 
573 
— 
GBP ...........................  
+25 
857 
— 
716 
— 
550 
— 
EGP ...........................  
+25 
128 
(1,085) 
80 
(372) 
23 
(37) 
 
Foreign exchange risk 
Foreign exchange risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate 
because of changes in foreign exchange rates. 
Foreign exchange risks are controlled through limits, established by the Board (which are within regulatory 
limits set by the CBK) and implemented by executive management, on currency position exposures. Assets 
are typically funded in the same currency as that of the business being transacted to eliminate exchange 
rate exposures. Appropriate segregation of duties exists between the treasury front and back office 
functions, while compliance with position limits is independently monitored on an on-going basis. 
The table below shows the effect on profit of an assumed 5 per cent. strengthening in value of the currency 
rate against the Kuwaiti dinar from levels applicable at the year end, with all other variables held constant. A 
negative amount in the table reflects a potential net reduction in profit, whereas a positive amount reflects a 
net potential increase. 
Currency 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(KD thousands) 
 
+5% 
+5% 
+5% 
USD ..........................................................................................................  
127 
2,252 
3,071 
GBP ..........................................................................................................  
465 
149 
156 
EUR ..........................................................................................................  
(406) 
(240) 
(8) 
Other.........................................................................................................  
(266) 
(142) 
(219) 
 
Equity price risk 
Equity price risk is the risk that the fair values of equities will fluctuate as a result of changes in the level 
of equity indices or the value of individual shares. Equity price risk arises from the change in fair values of

--- Page 204 ---
187 
 
equity investments. The Group manages equity price risk through diversification of investments in terms 
of geographic distribution and industry concentration. 
The CBK has set a maximum limit of 50 per cent. of a bank's regulatory capital for investment in funds 
and equities, excluding subsidiaries. 
The table below shows the effect of equity price risk on the Group's profit (as a result of changes in the fair 
value of equity investments held as fair value through profit and loss) and on the Group's equity (as a result 
of changes in the fair value of equity investments classified as fair value through other comprehensive 
income) as at the dates provided based on an assumed 5 per cent. change in market indices, with all other 
variables held constant. 
Market indices 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
Effect 
on 
profit 
Effect 
on 
equity 
Effect 
on 
profit  
Effect 
on 
equity 
Effect 
on 
profit 
Effect 
on 
equity 
 
(KD thousands) 
Kuwait stock exchange ........................................ 
135 
26 
70 
15 
128 
10 
Qatar stock market ............................................... 
228 
— 
182 
— 
172 
— 
UAE stock indices ............................................... 
205 
— 
159 
3 
230 
1 
Saudi Stock Exchange ......................................... 
856 
92 
592 
— 
600 
— 
 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is defined as the inability to generate sufficient financial resources to meet all obligations and 
commitments as they fall due, or the ability only to secure them at excessive cost. It is the policy of the Group 
to maintain adequate liquidity at all times, in all geographical locations. 
The Group's liquidity management is guided by its internal liquidity policy, which is reviewed annually 
and approved by the Board. The EC assigns responsibilities and ensures the Group has sufficient resources 
to carry out liquidity risk management work in an independent and effective manner. The primary 
responsibilities for the management of liquidity are with the ALEC, regional asset and liability committees, 
the Group Treasurer and local Treasurers. Day-to-day cash-flows and liquidity management is handled by 
the 'local' treasury teams at Group head office and the Group's international locations. The longer-term 
liquidity and funding profile of the Group is monitored and managed by Group treasury under the 
guidance of the ALEC. 
The Group's liquidity policy specifies the main goals, roles and responsibilities, processes and 
procedures for managing the Group's liquidity risk. It also encompasses the Group's contingency funding 
plan, which is intended to provide a framework for effective responses to any potential liquidity crisis, 
whether triggered by Bank-specific or by systemic liquidity shortages. 
The Group's liquidity risk strategy is centred on maintaining an adequate liquidity position at all times, 
primarily by means of an acceptable maturity mismatch profile, relying on more 'stable' deposits and 
maintaining an adequate stock of HQLAs at all times. Further, the Group's liquidity objectives are: 
• 
to ensure the strategies are in conformity with the regulatory requirements of the CBK and the 
requirements of the local regulators in other jurisdictions where the Group operates; 
• 
to ensure the use of proper tools in ascertaining liquidity risk; 
• 
continuously to seek sources of stable customer funds and to keep its funding costs as low as possible; 
• 
to limit its dependence on the use of short-term inter-bank funding; 
• 
to leverage its strong position, reputation and credit strength in order to secure long-term funding, 
such as customer deposits, institutional deposits, government deposits and debt issuance at a 
competitive cost; 
• 
to ensure the Group's ability to generate or obtain cash or its equivalent in a timely and cost-efficient 
manner so that the Group can meet its obligations; 
• 
to maintain market confidence; and

--- Page 205 ---
188 
 
• 
to ensure profitable business opportunities can be pursued without liquidating assets at undesirable 
times, or raising additional unsecured funding on an unreasonable scale or timescale. 
The liquidity and funding management process includes: 
• 
self-imposed and regulatory liquidity ratios, including ratios in accordance with Basel III principles; 
• 
maintaining a diverse range of funding sources with adequate back-up facilities; 
• 
monitoring depositor concentration in order to avoid undue reliance on large individual depositors 
and ensure a satisfactory overall funding mix; and 
• 
liquidity stress tests to make sure the Group can survive liquidity squeezes under different 
stress scenarios. 
In accordance with the Basel III framework, as implemented by the CBK, the Group manages its liquidity 
through compliance with the LCR. As part of its requirements to report its liquidity position to the CBK 
in compliance with the LCR, the Group manages its internal liquidity through periodic internal 30-
day and 60-day LCR stress tests which are more conservative than the Basel II requirements. 
Additionally, the Group's treasury division invests in various short‐term or medium-term, highly marketable 
assets in line with Basel III guidelines for HQLAs (such as government and central bank securities in 
jurisdictions in which the Group has operations). 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group's portfolio of HQLAs was valued at KD 7,860 million (post factor) and the 
LCR was 156.1 per cent. As at 31 December 2021, the Group's portfolio of HQLAs was valued at KD 7,714 
million (post factor) and the LCR was 153.8 per cent. As at 31 December 2020, the HQLA portfolio was 
valued at KD 6,626 million (post-factor) and the LCR was 145.2 per cent. As at 31 December 2019, the 
Group's portfolio of HQLAs was valued at KD 5,833 million and the LCR was 159.7 per cent. See "Risk 
Factors—Factors that may Affect the Bank's Ability to Fulfil its Obligations in Respect of Notes Issued 
under the Programme—Liquidity Risks" for more information. 
The ALEC monitors compliance with these ratios internally at least on a monthly basis. 
In accordance with the Basel III framework, as implemented by the CBK, the Group also manages its liquidity 
through compliance with the NSFR. As at 30 June 2022, the NSFR ratio was 113.3 per cent. (31 December 
2021: 110.3 per cent., 31 December 2020: 115.1 per cent. and 31 December 2019: 111.1 per cent.). 
The Group maintains a diversified and stable funding base of core retail and corporate deposits, and 
the treasury group maintains liquidity and funding contingency plans to cope with potential difficulties 
that may arise from local or regional markets or geopolitical events. 
Liquidity risk is further reduced by the Group's adherence to the CBK's liquidity requirements which 
comprise: 
• 
maturity ladder mismatch limits for specific time periods: 10 per cent. for seven days or less; 20 
per cent. for one month or less; 30 per cent. for three months or less; and 40 per cent. for six 
months or less; 
• 
a requirement to hold 18 per cent. of KD customer deposits booked in the Group in Kuwaiti 
Government treasury bills and bonds, current account/deposit balances with the CBK and/or any 
other financial instruments issued by the CBK; and 
• 
a requirement to keep sufficient funding against loan generation, as required by the CBK under 
its loan to deposit ratio requirements. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group was fully compliant with the CBK's liquidity requirements 
set out above. 
The Group has a well-defined repurchase agreement ("Repo") policy in place as a means of raising liquidity. 
Repos and reverse repos are governed by master agreements with netting terms based on the Global Master 
Repurchase Agreement ("GMRA"), including holding collateral in the form of cash. The Group also has a 
contingency funding plan to manage a stressed liquidity situation created by bank-specific issues or by

--- Page 206 ---
189 
 
market–wide (systemic) liquidity disturbances. The purpose of the plan is to provide a framework 
within which an effective response to a liquidity crisis can be managed. 
In order to assist Kuwaiti banks in managing their liquidity positions during stressed conditions, the 
CBK provides a "repo window" for portfolios of CBK bonds and Kuwaiti Government treasury bonds 
held by Kuwaiti financial institutions. In exceptional circumstances, additional discretionary liquidity 
support is available from the CBK, including the ability to access funding at the CBK discount rate. 
Note 30 to each of the Annual Financial Statements sets out the maturity profiles of the Group's assets 
and liabilities based on contractual cash flows and maturity dates and on contractual repayment 
arrangements. 
DERIVATIVES 
A financial derivative is an instrument whose value is derived from the performance of underlying assets 
which may include reference rates and indices. Derivatives are designed to provide more flexibility and 
granularity in financial markets, and are also used as risk hedging instruments. 
The Group enters into various types of transactions that involve financial derivative instruments in 
the ordinary course of its business. 
The Board has approved a range of derivative products for use, including: 
• 
foreign exchange forwards and futures; 
• 
foreign exchange swaps; 
• 
interest rate swaps (including amortising and ascending swaps); 
• 
cross-currency interest rate swaps (including amortising and ascending swaps); 
• 
total return swaps; and 
• 
foreign exchange options contracts, including plain calls and puts, collars, knock-ins, knock-outs, 
Asian and digital options. 
Other more complex derivative products may only be used in line with the requirements of specific approvals 
by relevant authorising bodies. 
The Group also transacts in derivative instruments both as principal, solely to manage its own financial 
risk, and on behalf of its clients. In the latter case, the Group covers the exposure which it assumes on a 
back-to-back basis with market counterparties to avoid taking any market risk. The Group deals in interest 
rate swaps to manage its interest rate risk on interest-bearing assets and liabilities and to provide interest 
rate risk management solutions to customers. Similarly the Group deals in forward foreign exchange 
contracts for customers and to manage its foreign currency positions and cash flows. Interest rate swaps used 
to hedge the change in fair value of the Group's financial assets and liabilities and which qualify as effective 
hedging instruments are disclosed as 'held as fair value hedges'. Other interest rate swaps and forward 
foreign exchange contracts are carried out for customers or used for hedging purposes but do not meet 
the qualifying criteria for hedge accounting. 
Derivative financial instruments are carried at fair value in the Group's consolidated statement of financial 
position. Positive fair value represents the cost of replacing all transactions with a fair value in the Group's 
favour had the rights and obligations arising from that instrument been closed in an orderly market transaction 
as at the reporting date. Credit risk in respect of derivative financial instruments is limited to the positive 
fair value of the instruments. Negative fair value represents the cost to the Group's counterparties of 
replacing all their transactions with the Group. 
The fair values and notional amounts of the Group's positions in these instruments are set out in note 12 to 
the Interim Financial Statements, note 26 to the 2021 Financial Statements and note 28 to the 2020 Financial 
Statements.

--- Page 207 ---
190 
 
Counterparty credit risk 
The Group risk management function independently monitors counterparty credit risk exposures arising from 
the Group's derivatives transactions using the concept of potential future exposure ("PFE"). The PFE is 
defined as the maximum expected credit exposures over a specified horizon at a particular confidence level. 
As such, the risk exposure is an upper bound of possible exposures at the selected confidence level and not 
the maximum risk exposure possible. For 2021, the Group's PFE on its derivatives transactions amounted to 
KD 136 million. For 2020, the Group's PFE on its derivatives transactions amounted to KD 32 million. For 
2019, the Group's PFE on its derivatives transactions amounted to KD 22 million. 
Assignment of credit limits for counterparty credit exposures 
Counterparty credit exposure arises from the risk that counterparties to derivative contracts with the Group 
are unable to meet their payment obligations under financial contracts. The allocation of credit limits for 
derivatives counterparties is provided by the Group's Institutional Banking Division taking into consideration 
counterparty credit profile, historical financial performance, geographical location, legal jurisdiction and 
other relevant factors. The credit limits are reviewed on an annual basis and credit exposure is regularly 
monitored and reported for all derivatives' counterparties. 
Policies for securing collateral and credit reserves 
In order to reduce its counterparty risk, the Group selectively enters into credit support arrangements based 
on industry standard forms for derivative contracts. In line with these standards, the Group generally 
accepts only cash as collateral. It also has policies and procedures for reviewing the legal enforceability 
of credit support documents in accordance with applicable rules. Through the use of a collateral service 
agent, daily margining is performed with the appropriate counterparties. Daily valuations for qualified 
derivatives are compared to those reported by the counterparties and any disagreements are directly 
resolved between the parties. The Group uses an internal model to estimate PFE, which includes the 
mitigating effects of netting and collateral in valuing over-the-counter contracts. For financial derivatives 
transacted with a Central Clearing Counterparty ("CCP"), collateral is posted on a daily basis. 
Additional collateral requirements due to credit rating downgrade 
The Group has no provisions in its agreements with counterparties where a downgrade in its credit rating 
will have an impact on the collateral amount to be posted. The Group also does not enter into derivatives 
whose valuations depend on the credit quality of the counterparty. 
Netting 
In response to the various regulations, including the European Market Infrastructure Regulations ("EMIR"), 
and uncertainties regarding the binding nature and enforceability of "netting" arrangements and agreements 
under the laws of Kuwait, the market practice amongst leading banks in the GCC active in the derivatives 
market has been to create special purpose companies in netting-friendly jurisdictions for the exclusive 
purpose of dealing in the OTC derivatives market with European banks. The International Securities and 
Derivatives Association has classified the Cayman Islands as a netting-friendly jurisdiction. The Group has, 
with the approval of the CBK, established NBK GDM (Caymans) Limited to deal in financial derivatives 
products, which allows the Group to continue dealing with highly-rated counterparties on derivative 
transactions with netting arrangements in place and removes the risk that the Group may be required to post 
"margin" collateral on an asymmetric basis. 
Operational Risk 
Operational risks are managed at the Group level through a Board-approved operational risk management 
framework which defines the roles and responsibilities of the BRCC, the EC, the operational risk 
management function and the internal audit function for monitoring, managing and reporting operational 
risk. The key components of the Board-approved framework are: 
• 
comprehensive, documented policies, procedures and controls which reflect CBK and Basel III 
guidelines for internal controls and sound practices for managing and supervising operational risks 
in banks;

--- Page 208 ---
191 
 
• 
periodic and ad-hoc risk and control self-assessments conducted by business line management 
in coordination with and supported by the operational risk management function; 
• 
quarterly key risk indicator submission and validation to identify risk trends and develop 
mitigating actions; 
• 
operational incident and loss reporting and investigation of causes and failed controls; and 
• 
assessment of external operational loss incidents occurring at other banks, which are cross-
checked against the Group's internal control system to proactively identify any potential control 
weaknesses. 
The Group's risk management works closely with all of the Group's business lines to raise awareness of 
operational risk. In addition to the risk opinions and constant support provided by the operational risk 
management function through daily activities, operational risk awareness is achieved through 
a 
comprehensive training programme developed and delivered by the operational risk management function to 
the various business units. The aim of this training programme is to cultivate strategic relationships with 
business line management and to encourage open communication and ownership of risk issues. 
Risk and control self-assessments are conducted on a periodic and on an ad-hoc basis to ensure executive 
management has a clear picture of the operational risk exposure in terms of residual risks and to highlight 
any major internal control weaknesses. The emphases are on business units performing the self-assessment 
of actual risks facing them and on the effectiveness of the controls they are implementing, which are then 
validated and reassessed by the operational risk management function. 
Key risks across business and support units are identified and monitored on a quarterly basis, using various 
key risk indicators developed with the business units in line with the Group's risk appetite. 
The capture and reporting of operational risk incidents and losses is established as a firm process across 
all business and support units. Close coordination with business units and the internal audit function 
enables operational risk management to track operational incidents and losses and to propose mitigating 
actions for business units to follow in order to address control weaknesses. 
In addition, a comprehensive business continuity and disaster recovery management programme has 
been implemented and fully tested and is designed to cope with business disruptions and major disasters. 
The Group's operational risk management function leads the process management and control function across 
the Group to ensure control gaps are minimised across its key processes. Operational risk reporting is 
escalated periodically to the BRCC to ensure comprehensive oversight and review is conducted by relevant 
members of the Board and executive management.

--- Page 209 ---
192 
 
GROUP COMPLIANCE AND GOVERNANCE 
The Group Compliance and Governance is a part of NBK Group's culture of complying and operating in 
accordance with regulatory and legislative frameworks, where Group Compliance and Governance attempts 
to enhance sound practices and ensure that the Bank does not violate any requirements set by legislators and 
regulatory bodies either in Kuwait or other countries where Group operates. 
The Compliance and Governance function is a key component of the Bank's second line of defence for 
managing compliance risks. Its main role is to support the Bank and its Management in managing the 
compliance risks, embedding and improving the compliance arrangements in all levels and structures of the 
Bank, in order to ensure that the Bank operates with integrity and adheres to applicable laws, regulations and 
internal policies. 
The key features of the Group's comprehensive policy of managing compliance risks and embedding sound 
governance principles are: 
• 
the Board provides overall guidance to implement compliance culture and sound corporate 
governance principles across the Bank; 
• 
the Group's compliance and governance policies and procedures are reviewed by the Board Risk and 
Compliance Committee and ultimately approved by the Board; 
• 
comprehensive reports concerning level of compliance and associated risks are presented to the 
Board and Board Risk and Compliance committee; 
• 
the Group coordinates and works with the Bank's Management under the supervision of the Board 
of Directors; and 
• 
the Group's internal audit function provides independent validation of the adequacy and effectiveness 
of the Group's compliance and governance framework on a Group-wide basis. 
The Group Compliance and Governance division is headed by the Group Chief Compliance and Governance 
Officer ("GCC&GO"), who reports directly to the BRCC. The Group Compliance and Governance division 
has the following objectives and responsibilities: 
1. 
Review the compliance risk processes that are in place to anticipate and effectively manage the 
impact of regulatory change on the Group's operations. 
2. 
Review and endorse the contents of the Group's annual risk and compliance reports submitted to the 
CBK. 
3. 
Oversee the implementation of the policy, and ensure compliance issues are resolved effectively and 
expeditiously by senior management with the assistance of the Group Compliance and Governance 
function. 
4. 
Ensure the Group (including each subsidiary and branch in every jurisdiction of operation) abides 
by all relevant laws and regulations applicable to it. 
5. 
Ensure the Group's compliance with the regulations related to the Anti-Financial Crime, Foreign 
Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA), Common Reporting Standard (CRS) and other similar 
applicable regulations. 
6. 
Ensure the existence of clear reporting lines, authority and accountability for managing, monitoring 
and reporting risks as performed internally and as required by CBK and applicable laws and 
regulations. 
The Group Compliance and Governance division comprises the following departments: 
• 
Regulatory Compliance; 
• 
Corporate Governance and Capital Markets Authority Compliance;

--- Page 210 ---
193 
 
• 
Tax Compliance; 
• 
Anti-Financial Crime; 
• 
Credit Compliance; 
• 
Regulatory Capital and Impairments; and 
• 
Model Validation. 
The Group's compliance programme has three main pillars (advise, monitor and report) built on a foundation 
of a sound understanding of the appropriate regulatory requirements. Advising encompasses the internal 
notification of regulatory change, new products and services and internal processes as well as other internal 
communications including training and a compliance calendar. Monitoring includes procedures for 
compliance reviews, breach escalation, complaints handling and compliance indicators. 
Anti-money laundering ("AML") and counter-terrorism financing ("CTF") 
The Group has an AML/CTF policy and procedures which take into account Financial Action Task Force 
recommendations, international sanctions lists (such as those of the United Nations, the European Union and 
the U.S. Office for Foreign Assets Control) and applicable local and international laws and regulations. As 
the Group has a presence in various jurisdictions, it seeks to apply the most stringent of the different 
requirements applicable to it. 
The Group's AML/CFT policy covers the following key areas: 
• 
customer due diligence, which includes know your customer, enhanced due diligence, event-driven 
reviews and periodic reviews; 
• 
ongoing screening of customers against all sanction/prohibited lists to ensure compliance with 
international/local sanctions lists; 
• 
transaction monitoring; 
• 
product assessments; 
• 
staff training; and 
• 
payments (SWIFT) screening against sanctions lists. 
In addition, the Group uses a risk-based approach to classify customers as high, medium and low risk and 
enhanced due-diligence is conducted for customers who are rated as high risk. Factors used for classification 
include but are not limited to the nature of the ultimate beneficial owner, products and jurisdiction concerned. 
Anti-bribery and corruption 
The Group is committed to conducting business in an ethical and honest manner and to implementing and 
enforcing systems which ensure bribery is prevented. The Group has no tolerance for bribery and corrupt 
activities and is committed to acting professionally, fairly and with integrity in all business dealings and 
relationships, wherever it operates. The Group's anti-bribery and corruption policy sets out the responsibilities 
of the Group and those who have a working or business relationship with it in relation to observing and 
upholding its zero-tolerance position on bribery and corruption. 
The areas defined by the Group as having increased bribery risk are: 
• 
accepting and offering gifts, hospitality and entertainment; 
• 
political contributions; 
• 
charitable donations; 
• 
facilitation payments; and

--- Page 211 ---
194 
 
• 
dealing with third parties. 
In order to establish efficient controls against violations of the anti-bribery and corruption policy 
requirements, there are a number of internal standards and procedures in place, including but not limited to: 
• 
code of ethics; 
• 
code of conduct; 
• 
know your partner procedures, including a risk assessment of the type of third parties the Group is 
engaged with; 
• 
assessment of the Group's business lines; 
• 
gift and hospitality instructions; 
• 
whistleblowing policy; and 
• 
incident and risk escalation procedures together with management information process. 
Global data protection regulation ("GDPR") 
The Group has presence in a number of territories and this includes two subsidiaries in the EU, in France and 
The Netherlands. Group entities in EU locations are "Data Controllers" (as defined in the GDPR) in respect 
of various types of personal data obtained from data subjects locally, whilst certain Group entities located 
outside the EU receive data from those Group entities in the capacity of Data Processors (as defined in the 
GDPR). Further, the Group in Kuwait also centrally monitors Kuwait data subjects in respect of fraud 
monitoring and AML/CTF in relation to transactions they perform globally (including at EU locations) and 
therefore GDPR may be directly applicable to the Group under the provisions of the extra-territorial 
applicability of the GDPR. 
In this connection, the Group has developed a specific data privacy policy that is applied in Kuwait as well 
as at various EU locations and in the United Kingdom. The Group has also taken steps to assess its footprint 
in respect of transactions and dealings which may be considered to be within the scope of GDPR and reviewed 
the associated privacy risks and legal implications of such transactions. The Group has taken appropriate 
legal advice to assist it in implementing the GDPR requirements at a Group level, including agreements 
between Group entities in relation to service levels and data transfers in accordance with the GDPR 
requirements as well as clear definition of roles within concerned entities to manage privacy requirements 
and enhancement of internal processes. 
The Group has taken steps to leverage Group-level capabilities to manage its IT systems centrally and host 
systems of multiple Group entities at the Group in Kuwait. This strategy of centralised hosting and 
management of IT systems is impacted by the GDPR given that Group entities in EU jurisdictions and the 
United Kingdom transfer personal data to the Group in Kuwait. The Group's EU entities have taken 
appropriate legal advice and implemented measures to comply with the GDPR requirements as Data 
Controllers and have entered into legally-binding agreements with the Group acting as a Data Processor.

--- Page 212 ---
195 
 
MANAGEMENT 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK 
The Bank has developed a corporate governance framework which is based on international best practice and 
the CBK's "Rules and Standards of Corporate Governance in Kuwaiti Banks" which were issued in June 2012. 
On 10 September 2019, the CBK issued a revision to the corporate governance regulations effective from 30 
June 2020. The core principles and standards of the Bank's corporate governance framework are embedded 
into the day-to-day business and practices of the Bank, with particular oversight at the Bank's board of directors 
(the "Board") level and at Board committee level through the Board Corporate Governance Committee (the 
"BCGC"). 
The framework is designed to secure effective oversight of the Group's strategy and business operations with 
a robust risk management approach, transparency, accountability and Board independence. 
The Board, together with the BCGC, reviews and updates the corporate governance framework on an annual 
basis which is documented in the Board-approved corporate governance manual. The Group's executive 
management ensures the framework is implemented through policies and procedures, and employees are 
required to follow the corporate governance requirements in accordance with the governance manual. 
The Group is committed to providing timely, consistent and accurate information to its stakeholders and 
has adopted a disclosure and transparency policy to ensure this is achieved. This policy covers a wide range 
of areas, including the key quantitative and qualitative information related to financial performance and 
financial stability, risk management factors, remuneration, corporate governance, related-party transactions, 
conflicts of interest and substantial changes in business. 
BOARD 
The Group operates under the direction of the Board, which is the principal decision-making forum with 
overall responsibility for the Group's strategy and for monitoring performance of the Group's businesses and 
executive management. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board comprises 11 members, six of which 
are non-executive members, one is an executive member and four are independent members.. Each member 
of the Board is elected at a shareholders' general assembly meeting for a period of three years. All elected 
directors seeking to serve an additional term are required to seek re-election by the shareholders every three 
years. 
In line with CBK requirements, the Board convenes at least once each quarter. The Board convened a total of 
10 times in 2021. 
The primary mandate of the Board is to align the Group's strategic objectives, risk appetite and overall 
corporate governance framework with the best interests of the Group and thereby maximise value for 
shareholders. This mandate is coupled with responsibility for monitoring and maintaining the Group's 
financial and economic stability and safeguarding the rights and benefits of all of the Group's stakeholders. 
The roles of the Chairman of the Board and the GCEO are separate and independent of one another and 
there is a clear segregation of their respective duties and responsibilities. The Chairman's responsibilities are 
set out in full in the Board Charter but, in summary, his main responsibility is to lead the Board and 
ensure the effective engagement and contribution of all directors, so that the Board may fully discharge its 
legal and regulatory responsibilities. 
The Board appoints the GCEO and specifies his powers and authority. The day-to-day management of 
the Group's business has been delegated by the Board to the GCEO, who is assisted by the other members 
of the executive management. The GCEO, assisted by the other members of the executive management, is 
responsible for controlling and monitoring the Group's business on a day-to-day basis, recommending 
strategy to the Board, leading executive management and implementing the Board's strategic and operational 
decisions. 
Any candidate for appointment as a director must first be recommended by the Board Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee ("BNRC") and approved by the Board, the CBK and the Bank's shareholders at 
the annual general meeting. Decisions of the Board are, with limited exceptions, made by majority votes 
of those present (in person) at the meeting.

--- Page 213 ---
196 
 
Board members 
The table below shows the names of the members of the Board as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Name 
Position 
Mr. Hamad Mohammed A. Al-Bahar ................................................... 
Chairman 
Mr. Isam Jasem A. Al-Sager ................................................................. 
Board Vice Chairman and 
Group Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Yacoub Yousef A. Al-Fulaij .......................................................... 
Board Member 
Mr. Muthana Mohammed A. Al-Hamad ............................................... 
Board Member 
Mr. Haitham Sulaiman H. Al-Khaled ................................................... 
Board Member 
Mr. Emad Mohamed A. Al-Bahar ......................................................... 
Board Member 
Mrs. Huda Mohammad S. Al-Refaei .................................................... 
Board Member 
Dr. Robert Maroun Eid ......................................................................... 
Independent Board Member 
Dr. Nasser Amin H. Saidi ..................................................................... 
Independent Board Member 
Mr. Abdulwahab Ahmad H. Al-Bader .................................................. 
Independent Board Member 
Mr. Farouq Ali Akbar A. Bastaki .......................................................... 
Independent Board Member 
 
Set out below is brief biographical information about each member of the Board as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Mr. Hamad Mohammed Abdulrahman Al-Bahar – Chairman 
Mr. Al-Bahar has been a Board member since 2005 and Chairman of the Board since 12 March 2022. He is 
the Chairman of the Board Corporate Governance Committee and a member of the Board Credit Committee. 
Mr. Al-Bahar was on the board of the Kuwait Investment Company from 1981 to 1991, where he served 
as the Chairman and Managing Director. He was also the Managing Director of Bank of Bahrain and 
Kuwait. He has extensive experience in investment banking and asset management, in addition to 
experience in internal controls. 
Mr. Al-Bahar holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Alexandria University, Egypt. 
Mr. Isam Jasem A. Al-Sager - Board Vice Chairman and Group Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Al-Sager joined the Bank in 1978 and was appointed as GCEO in March 2014 and as Board Vice 
Chairman in March 2022. He is a member of the Board Credit Committee. He had previously served as 
Deputy Group Chief Executive Officer since 2010. 
Mr. Al-Sager is Chairman of the board of NBK (International) PLC and serves on the board of directors of 
Watani Wealth Management (Kingdom of Saudi Arabia) and NBK Trustees (Jersey) Limited. 
Mr. Al-Sager holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from California State 
Polytechnic University, United States 
Mr. Yacoub Yousef Al-Fulaij – Board Member 
Mr. Al-Fulaij has been a Board member since 1998. Mr. Al-Fulaij is a member of the Board Credit Committee 
and the BCGC. 
Having previously been a General Manager at the Bank from 1983 to 1998, Mr. Al-Fulaij has broad 
experience in banking activities, including risk management and internal controls. 
Mr. Al-Fulaij holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Business Administration from the University of 
Miami, United States. 
Mr. Muthana Mohammed Ahmed Al-Hamad – Board Member 
Mr. Al-Hamad has been a Board member since 2007. He is a member of the BRCC, BAC and the BNRC. 
Mr. Al-Hamad is also a board member of Al-Watyah United Real Estate Company. He was previously 
the Chairman of Future Communication Company International (between 2005 and 2014), a board

--- Page 214 ---
197 
 
member of Arab European Company for Financial Management from 1987 to 1993, a board member of 
the Commercial Bank of Kuwait from 1993 to 1997 and a board member of United Bank of Kuwait from 
1996 to 1997. He has considerable experience in finance and business economics. 
Mr. Al-Hamad holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics and Political Science from Kuwait University, 
Kuwait. 
Mr. Haitham Sulaiman Hamoud Al-Khaled – Board Member 
Mr. Al-Khaled has been a Board member since 2010. He is a member of the Board Audit Committee, 
the Board Risk and Compliance Committee and the BNRC. 
Mr. Al-Khaled has served as a board member of Al Shall Consulting & Investment Co. since 2006 and 
Al Arjan Global Real Estate Company since 2010. He is also the Chairman of Al Arjan International 
Real Estate Company since 2014. Mr. Al-Khaled previously held a number of senior positions at the 
telecom operator Zain, including Chief Business Development Officer, Chief Executive Officer for the 
Middle East and Chief Strategy and Business Planning Officer. He has extensive experience in strategic 
planning, investments, mergers and acquisitions, corporate governance and internal controls. 
Mr. Al-Khaled holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Electronic Engineering from Kuwait University, 
Kuwait. 
Mr. Emad Mohammed Abdulrahman Al-Bahar – Board Member 
Mr. Al-Bahar has been a Board member of the Bank since August 2014, following the death of the 
late Chairman, Mr. Mohamed Abdulrahman Al Bahar. He is a member of the Board Credit Committee 
and the BNRC. 
Mr. Al-Bahar is a member of the executive board of the Al Bahar Group, which is one of the oldest trading 
conglomerates in Kuwait and the Middle East. He is also the Vice-Chairman of the board of Al-Ahleia 
Insurance Company Kuwait and of other overseas companies. 
Mr. Al-Bahar holds a Management Degree from the American University of Washington, United States. 
Mrs. Huda Mohammad S. Al-Refaei – Board Member 
Mrs. Al-Refaei has been a Board member since 12 March 2022. She is a member of the Board Risk and 
Compliance Committee and the Board Corporate Governance Committee. 
Mrs. Al-Refaei worked as a risk management officer at the Bank from 1999 to 2003. She served as a board 
member of Posta Plus Company from 2008 to 2012 and as a senior lawyer at Abdullah Al-Refaei Legal 
Consultancy & Law Firm from 2009 to 2019. 
Mrs. Al-Refaei holds a Bachelor's degree in Industrial and Systems Engineering from Kuwait University, 
Kuwait and a Bachelor of Law degree from Cairo University, Egypt. 
Dr. Robert Maroun Eid – Independent Board Member 
Dr. Eid has been an independent Board member since March 2021. He is the Chairman of the BRCC and the 
BNRC and is a member of the Board Audit Committee. 
Dr. Eid served as a Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Arab National Bank in Saudi 
Arabia from 2005 until January 2021. He also spent over 22 years with the National Bank of Kuwait running 
the International Banking Group in addition to managing the Bank's subsidiary in the UK. He has had 
international experience in banking for nearly four decades. 
Dr. Eid holds a PhD in Money and Banking from Sorbonne University – Paris and a MA and a BA in 
Economics from the American University of Beirut. 
Dr. Nasser Amin Hassan Saidi – Independent Board Member 
Dr. Saidi has been an independent Board member since March 2021. He is a member of the Board Audit 
Committee.

--- Page 215 ---
198 
 
Dr. Saidi was the Minister of Economy and Trade and the Minister of Industry of Lebanon between 1998 and 
2000. He was the first Vice-Governor of the Central Bank of Lebanon for two successive mandates, 1993-
1998 and 1998-2003. He is the former Chief Economist and Head of External Relations of Dubai 
International Financial Centre and Executive Director of the Hawkamah-Institute for Corporate Governance. 
In 2013, he was named among the 50 most influential Arabs in the World by The Middle East magazine. 
Dr. Saidi holds a PhD and a MA in Economics from the University of Rochester in the USA, a MSc from 
University College, London University and a BA form the American University of Beirut. 
Mr. Abdulwahab Ahmad H. Al-Bader – Independent Board Member 
Mr. Al-Bader has been an Independent Board member since 12 March 2022. He is a member of the Board 
Corporate Governance Committee and the Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee. 
Mr. Al-Bader held a number of senior positions at Kuwait Fund for Arab Economic Development from 1977 
to 2021, with the most recent being the General Manager from 2005 to 2021. He was also the alternate 
governor for the State of Kuwait to the OPEC Fund for International Development from 1981 to 1986, 
governor from 1986 to 2014 and Chairman of the governing board from 2014 to 2021. He has also been a 
director of various entities. 
Mr. Al-Bader holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Whittier College, USA. 
Mr. Farouq Ali Akbar A. Bastaki – Independent Board Member 
Mr. Bastaki has been an Independent Board member since 12 March 2022. He is the Chairman of the Board 
Audit Committee and a member of the Board Risk and Compliance Committee. 
Mr. Bastaki held several senior positions at Kuwait Investment Authority (one of the world's largest sovereign 
wealth funds) from 1989 to 2021, including Managing Director and Group Chief Executive Officer between 
2017 and 2021. Mr. Bastaki worked for Gulf Bank from 1985 to 1988 and was a board member from 2009 
to 2017. He also worked for the Bahraini Kuwaiti Investment Group from 1988 to 1989. 
Mr. Bastaki holds a Bachelor's degree in Industrial Engineering from University of Miami, USA. 
The business address of each member of the Board is National Bank of Kuwait S.A.K.P., P.O. Box 95, 
Safat, 13001 Kuwait, Jaber Al-Mubarak and Al-Shuhada Street, NBK Tower, Sharq, State of Kuwait. 
Certain members of the Board, their families and companies of which they, or members of their families, 
are principal owners, or of which they are employees, are customers of the Group in the ordinary 
course of business. The transactions with these parties are made at arm's length and on substantially the 
same terms, including interest rates, as those prevailing at the same time for comparable transactions 
with unrelated parties. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations—Related Party Transactions". 
Except as disclosed in the next paragraph, no member of the Board named in the table above has any actual 
or potential conflict of interest between his duties to the Group and his private interests and/or other duties. 
Each of the directors of the Bank named in the table above has outside interests in entities other than 
the Group, including employment and/or directorships with third parties (as set out in their respective 
biographies). Given the wide scope of the Group's operations, such entities have banking and/or other 
commercial relationships with the Group. Some Board members also have personal banking relationships 
with the Group. As the directors are involved in the Group's decision-making process and have knowledge 
of the Group's products and services, including the commercial terms thereof, a potential conflict of interest 
may arise. However, the Group has established robust internal procedures to deal with any such potential 
conflict, including the relevant director being excluded from voting at Board meetings on issues which 
relate to the relevant director's and/or other connected entity's dealings with the Group. 
The Group is committed to managing all related party transactions and potential conflicts of interest 
which may arise and to meet the Group's obligations to maintain and operate effective organisational and 
administrative arrangements with a view to taking all reasonable steps to identify, monitor and manage 
related party transactions and conflicts of interest.

--- Page 216 ---
199 
 
The Group has adopted "Related Party Transaction Policy" and "Conflict of Interest Policy" in line with 
IFRS 24 and related CBK instructions. The Group's internal policies with respect to related party 
transactions are designed to ensure that appropriate procedures and measures are in place to identify and 
effectively manage all related party transactions and any relevant or material conflicts of interest, that the 
Board appropriately deals with actual, potential and perceived conflicts of interest, and that all decisions 
are made in the best interests of the Group. 
The Group maintains a register for all related party transactions and a separate register for conflict of interest 
cases. 
The table below sets out the number of shares held by each director as at 30 June 2022: 
Director 
 
Mr.Hamad Mohammed A. Al-Bahar ........................................... 
53,900,505  
Mr.Isam Jasem A. Al-Sager ....................................................................................................................... 
13,045,113 
Mr. Yacoub Yousef A. Al-Fulaij ............................................................................................................... 
4,606,940 
Mr. Muthana Mohammed A. Al-Hamad .................................................................................................... 
14,565,093 
Mr. Haitham Sulaiman H. Al-Khaled ........................................................................................................ 
190,483 
Mr. Emad Mohamed A. Al-Bahar .............................................................................................................. 
52,500,000 
Mrs.Huda Mohammad S. Al-Refaei .......................................................................................................... 
1,575,000 
Dr. Robert Maroun Eid .............................................................................................................................. 
252,681 
Dr. Nasser Amin H. Saidi .......................................................................................................................... 
0 
Mr. Abdulwahab Ahmad H. Al-Bader ....................................................................................................... 
0 
Mr. Farouq Ali Akbar A. Bastaki .............................................................................................................. 
0 
 
Board committees 
The Board has established the five Board committees which are described below. The roles and authorities 
of each Board committee are defined and delegated by the Board and are described in each committee's 
charter. Each Board committee reviews its charter annually and submits any recommendations for 
amendments or updates to the Board for approval. The Board committees also submit reports to the Board's 
Chairman and the Board each quarter regarding their respective duties. 
• 
Board Audit Committee. The Board audit committee ("BAC") is responsible for overseeing 
the Group's internal control framework and for ensuring the independence of its external auditors. 
The BAC has responsibility for assessing the effectiveness of the Group's internal control 
framework on a periodic basis through the evaluations carried out by the Group's internal audit 
function. The BAC reports the results of its assessment on the adequacy of existing controls and 
processes to the Board. The committee is also responsible for the recruitment, dismissal, 
performance evaluation and remuneration recommendation of the Head of Internal Audit. The 
BAC is also responsible for monitoring the performance of the Group's external auditors and co-
ordinating with them on subjects related to audit and financial statements. The BAC also reviews 
and oversees the preparation of the Group's annual and interim financial results. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the BAC are: Mr. Farouq Ali Akbar 
A. Bastaki, Mr. Muthana Mohamed Ahmed Al-Hamad, Mr. Haitham Sulaiman Hamoud Al-Khaled, 
Dr. Robert Maroun Eid and Dr. Nasser Amin Hassan Saidi. 
A quorum of three is required to convene a meeting of the BAC. Only members of the BAC, 
the Secretary of the BAC and the Group chief internal auditor are entitled to attend the 
committee's meetings, although members of management and other specialists or professional 
advisers may be invited to attend meetings at the request of the committee. 
The BAC is required to hold a minimum of four meetings per year (one each quarter) and provides 
regular reports to the Board. In 2021, the BAC sat nine times. 
• 
Board Credit Committee. The Board credit committee ("BCC") is responsible for reviewing the 
quality and performance of the Group's credit portfolio, overseeing the effectiveness and 
administration of credit-related policies and reviewing and approving credit limits above certain 
thresholds. Membership of the BCC does not overlap with membership in either the BAC or the 
Board Risk and Compliance Committee.

--- Page 217 ---
200 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the BCC are: Mr. Hamad Mohamed Al-
Bahar, Mr. Yacoub Yousef Abdulaziz Al-Fulaij, Mr. Emad Mohammed Al-Bahar and Mr. Isam 
Jasem A. Al-Sager. 
The quorum for any meeting of the BCC is a minimum of two members, provided they include the 
Committee Chairman or his delegate. Only members of the Committee (including the Committee 
Secretary) are entitled to attend Committee meetings. However, members of management or 
representatives, and other specialists may be invited to attend meetings at the request of the 
Committee. 
The BCC meets at least once per month and provides regular reports to the Board. In 2021, the BCC 
sat 18 times. 
• 
Board Risk and Compliance Committee. The Board risk and compliance committee ("BRCC") is 
responsible for ensuring that the Group's enterprise-wide risk management has (1) identified the 
relevant risks that could affect the ability of the Group to achieve its strategies and preserve its assets, 
(2) established an enterprise risk management infrastructure—the people, processes and 
technology—to identify, measure, monitor and report on the risks the Group faces, and (3) 
established a strong and sustainable compliance culture and compliance management system that 
seeks to ensure the Group's compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations governing its 
businesses. 
The Committee shall also monitor the performance of the Group Chief Risk Officer ("Group CRO") 
and Group Chief Compliance and Governance Officer, and assist management in its efforts to ensure 
a culture of people at all levels in the Group recognising and managing risk and help to set the tone 
for a strong risk management and compliance culture within the Group. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the BRCC are: Dr. Robert Maroun Eid, Mr. 
Muthana Mohamed Ahmed Al-Hamad, Mr. Haitham Sulaiman Hamoud Al-Khaled, Mrs. Huda 
Mohammad S. Al-Refaei and Mr. Farouq Ali Akbar A. Bastaki. 
A quorum of three is required to convene a meeting of the BRCC, the Secretary of the BRCC, 
the Group CRO and the Group Chief Compliance and Governance Officer are entitled to attend the 
committee's meetings, although members of management and other specialists or professional 
advisers may be invited to attend meetings at the request of the committee. 
The BRCC is required to hold a minimum of four meetings per year and provides regular reports to 
the Board. In 2021, the BRCC sat six times. 
• 
Board Corporate Governance Committee. The BCGC supervises the Group's Corporate 
Governance Office and supports the Board in reviewing the Group's corporate governance 
principles and practices at regular intervals. The Corporate Governance Office is a centralised 
and independent function at Group level that is responsible for ensuring effective implementation 
of the Group's corporate governance framework. 
The BCGC is responsible for monitoring the robustness of the governance policies and 
procedures that the Group has developed. The BCGC is also responsible for the effective 
implementation of the Bank's disclosure framework, which includes policies, procedures, 
templates, a disclosure register and a disclosure monitoring dashboard. The committee supervises 
the monitoring and reporting of conflicts of interest and related party transactions. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the BCGC are: Mr. Hamad Mohamed Al-
Bahar, Mr. Yacoub Yousef Abdulaziz Al-Fulaij, Mrs Huda Mohammad S. Al-Refaei and Mr. 
Abdulwahab Ahmad H. Al-Bader. 
A quorum of three members of the committee is required to convene a meeting. Only members of 
the committee and the Secretary of the committee are entitled to attend the committee meetings, 
although members of management and other specialists or professional advisers may be 
invited to attend meetings at the request of the committee. 
The BCGC is required to hold a minimum of two meetings per year and to provide regular reports to 
the Board. In 2021, the BCGC sat twice.

--- Page 218 ---
201 
 
• 
Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee. The BNRC is responsible for overseeing the 
Group's succession planning processes, the review of the Group's remuneration framework and 
suggesting recommendations with respect to executive management remuneration. In addition, 
the BNRC is responsible for nominating potential Board members, on-boarding and training 
of new Board members and training and raising the awareness of the Board. The committee also 
initiates and oversees the evaluation process of the Board and the Board committees. The 
committee is also supported by the Group's Corporate Governance Office. 
The Group's Board level succession planning is managed by the BNRC, which has responsibility 
for determining the composition of the Board in line with CBK guidelines. For the purposes of 
Board-level succession planning, the Group's general assembly has approved the nomination of 'first 
reserve' and 'second reserve' future Board members, who were initially identified by the BNRC. 
When a Board vacancy appears, the BNRC will recommend a nominee from the group of 
'first reserve' or, if required, 'second reserve' future Board members to fill the vacant post. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the BNRC are: Mr. Muthana Mohamed 
Al-Hamad, Mr. Haitham Sulaiman Hamoud Al-Khaled, Mr. Emad Mohammed Al-Bahar and 
Abdulwahab Ahmad H. Al-Bader. 
The quorum for BNRC meetings is three members. Only members of the committee and the 
Secretary of the BNRC are entitled to attend the committee meetings, although members of 
management and other specialists may be invited to attend meetings upon request of the committee. 
The BNRC is required to hold a minimum of two meetings per year and to provide regular reports to 
the Board. In 2021, the BNRC sat four times. 
EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT 
The Bank has a long-serving executive management team which is responsible for day-to-day supervision 
and control of the Group's business, particularly with respect to ensuring functionality of compliance 
and risk control, independence of functions, and separation of duties. Business policies, accounting 
policies and operations procedures and controls are documented and communicated through policies and 
standard operating procedures manuals which cover all areas and activities of the Group. All significant 
policies are reviewed and approved by the Board. 
Members of executive management 
Detailed below is brief biographical information about each member of the Group's executive management 
team as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Mr. Isam J. Al-Sager – Vice Chairman & Group Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Al-Sager joined the Bank in 1978 and was appointed as GCEO in March 2014. Mr. Al Sager was elected 
as Vice Chairman in March 2022. He had previously served as Deputy Group Chief Executive Officer since 
2010. 
He is the Chairman or a member of various management committees. 
Mr. Al-Sager is chairman of the board of NBK (International) PLC and serves on the board of directors of 
Watani Wealth Management (Kingdom of Saudi Arabia); NBK Properties (Jersey) Limited; NBK 
Trustees (Jersey) Limited and NIG Asian Investment Co. Mr. Al Sager is a Board Member of MasterCard. 
Mr. Al-Sager enjoys an extensive banking experience at the Bank and has played a major role in turning the 
Bank into a leading regional institution with a wide international presence. 
Mr. Al-Sager holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from California State 
Polytechnic University, United States. 
Ms. Shaikha K. Al-Bahar – Deputy Group Chief Executive Officer 
Ms. Al-Bahar joined the Bank in 1977, has been Deputy Group Chief Executive Officer since March 2014 
and was previously Chief Executive Officer of the Bank's operations in Kuwait from 2010 onwards.

--- Page 219 ---
202 
 
Ms. Al-Bahar is the Chairperson of National Bank of Kuwait – Egypt, National Bank of Kuwait – France, 
National Bank of Kuwait (Lebanon) and serves on the boards of directors of NBK (International) PLC and 
NBK Global Asset Management Limited and The Turkish Bank, Turkey. She has been a member of Kuwait's 
Supreme Council for Planning since August 2017. She has extensive experience in privatisation, project 
finance, advisory services, bond issues, build/operate/transfer financing, initial public offerings, global deposit 
receipt programmes and private placements. 
Ms. Al-Bahar holds a Bachelor of Science degree in International Marketing from Kuwait University and 
has attended specialised management and executive programmes at Harvard Business School, Stanford 
University and Duke University. 
Mr. Salah Y. Al-Fulaij – Chief Executive Officer – Kuwait 
Mr. Al-Fulaij joined the Bank in 1985 and was appointed as Chief Executive Officer – Kuwait in January 
2015. He was previously the Chief Executive Officer of NBK Capital from 2008 to 2014. 
Mr. Al-Fulaij is a member of the Board of Watani Financial Brokerage Company K.S.C.C. and serves on the 
boards of National Bank of Kuwait – France. He has served as Vice Chairman of NBK Capital since 2015. 
Prior to joining NBK Capital, Mr. Al-Fulaij held several key positions at the Bank and his last position 
was Group General Manager of Treasury and Investment Services. 
Mr. Al-Fulaij is a graduate of the University of Miami where he received his Bachelor's degree in Industrial 
Engineering and his MBA in Business Management. He has participated in a number of executive 
programmes at Harvard Business School, Stanford Graduate School of Business and Duke University. 
Mr. Sulaiman Barrak Al-Marzouq – Deputy Chief Executive Officer - Kuwait 
Mr. Al-Marzouq joined the Bank in 2002 and is now the Deputy Chief Executive Officer – Kuwait. 
Mr. Al-Marzouq moved to the CBK from 2012 to 2015, where he headed the Department of Foreign 
Operations, before moving back to the Bank as Group Treasurer. Mr. Al-Marzouq has extensive experience in 
investment and Wealth Management, in addition to his experience in Treasury and Banking Operations. He is 
a board member of NBK Capital, Hayat Investment Co. and has served as a board member for several banks 
and other companies in Kuwait. 
Mr. Al-Marzouq holds a Bachelor's degree in Economics from Portland State University, United States. 
Mr. Faisal Abdulatif Al-Hamad – CEO - Global Wealth Management 
Mr. Al-Hamad joined the Bank on 1 April 2021 as CEO of Global Wealth Management and has been part of 
the Group for 14 years. 
Mr. Al-Hamad was previously the CEO of NBK Capital and has extensive experience in the fields of asset 
management, investment banking, financial restructuring and corporate governance. 
Mr Al-Hamad holds a Master's degree in Business Administration from Harvard University and a BA from 
the University of Chicago. 
Mr. Omar Bouhadiba – CEO – International Banking Group 
Mr. Bouhadiba joined the Bank in November 2020 as Acting CEO of the International Banking Group. Mr 
Bouhadiba has over 39 years' experience in corporate and investment banking, with a major U.S. bank and 
several banks in the MENA region, including NBK and, most recently, as Chief Executive Officer and Senior 
Adviser at a bank in the GCC. 
Mr. Bouhadiba holds a Master's degree in Business Administration (MBA) in Finance from the Wharton 
School, University of Pennsylvania (USA). 
Mr. Parkson Cheong – Group Chief Risk Officer 
Mr. Cheong joined the Bank in 1993 and has been the Group Chief Risk Officer since 2008. He is the 
chairman or a member of several management-level supervisory committees at the Bank.

--- Page 220 ---
203 
 
Mr. Cheong is experienced in commercial banking, syndicated lending, investment banking and corporate 
finance. 
Mr. Cheong holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics from the University of Wales, United 
Kingdom, and a Master's degree in Business Administration in Finance from the Wharton School, University 
of Pennsylvania, United States. 
Mr. Walid El Seyoufi – Group Chief Compliance and Governance Officer 
Mr. Walid Gamal El Din El Seyoufi joined the Bank in 1998 and has been the Group Chief Compliance and 
Governance Officer since 2019. Former appointments at the Bank include Deputy General Manager and 
Group Compliance Officer. He is a Board member of National Bank of Kuwait-Egypt and a member in 
several management-level committees. 
Mr. El Seyoufi has more than 25 years of strong and sound experience in the fields of compliance, corporate 
governance, disclosure and transparency, protecting shareholders' rights, anti-financial crimes (anti-money 
laundering and combating financing of terrorism, anti-fraud and anti-bribes and corruption), risk 
management, accounting and auditing. 
Mr. El Seyoufi holds a Bachelor's degree in Accounting from Helwan University, Egypt, a Master's degree 
of science in Risk Management from Glasgow Caledonian University, United Kingdom, a Master's in 
Business Administration from the American University in Beirut, and an International High Diploma in 
Enterprise Risk Management and Fellowship from the Institute of Risk Management, United Kingdom. He 
has also participated in number of executive programmes at Harvard Business School, Stanford Graduate 
School of Business and Duke University, United States. 
Mr. Sujit Ronghe – Group Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Ronghe joined the Bank in 2002 and has been the Group Chief Financial Officer since June 2022. His 
former appointments at the Bank include Acting Group Chief Financial Officer and Group Financial 
Controller. He is also a member of various management-level supervisory committees at the Bank. 
Prior to joining the Bank, Mr. Ronghe worked as a Senior Auditor at a big four accounting firm in Kuwait. He 
has extensive experience in banking and finance. 
Mr. Ronghe is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and a graduate of the Institute of 
Cost Accountants of India. He also holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of Pune, India. 
Mr. Nidal Tebawi –Group Chief Internal Auditor 
Mr. Tebawi joined the Bank in December 2011 and was appointed as Group Chief Internal Auditor in June 
2022. Mr. Tibawi is an experienced Senior Banking Internal Audit Professional with over 22 years’ global 
leadership experience in the areas of banking, governance, internal audit, risk management, compliance, 
internal controls, cybersecurity and operational resilience. 
Mr Tebawi has been a Certified Public Accountant since 2001, a Certified Information Systems Auditor since 
2002 and a Certified Internal Auditor since 2004. He holds an MBA and a BS from Indiana University 
Mr. Emad Al-Ablani – General Manager – Group Human Resources 
Mr. Al-Ablani joined the Bank in March 2003 and was appointed as General Manager - Group Human 
Resources in 2014. He is also member of various management committees. 
His former appointments at the bank include Deputy General Manager, Head of Human Resources – Kuwait 
and Assistant General Manager – Recruitment & HR Operations. He has more than 27 years' experience in 
Human Resources. 
Mr. Al-Ablani holds an Executive Master's degree in Business Administration (EMBA) from the American 
University of Beirut (Lebanon) and a Bachelor of Arts degree in Educational Psychology from Kuwait 
University.

--- Page 221 ---
204 
 
Mr. Pradeep Handa – General Manager – Foreign Corporate, Oil & Trade Finance Group 
Mr. Handa joined the Bank in 1980 and has been the General Manager of the Foreign Corporate, Oil 
and Trade Finance Group, since 2012. He is also a member of various management committees. 
Mr. Handa's former appointments at the Bank include: Assistant General Manager, Executive Manager and 
Senior Manager in the Corporate Banking Group of Kuwait. He has more than 33 years' experience in 
handling foreign corporate banking and oil and trade finance matters. 
Mr. Handa holds a Master's degree from the University of Delhi, India. 
Mr. Mohammed Al Othman – General Manager – Consumer Banking Group 
Mr. Mohammed Al Othman joined the Bank in 2006 and has been Head of Consumer Banking Group since 
April 2018. He is also a member of various management committees. 
Mr. Al Othman has been the Chairman of the Shared Electronic Banking Services Company (K-Net) since 
2015 and a member since 2014. He has extensive expertise in retail banking, personal banking payment 
services and banking products. 
Mr. Al Othman holds a Bachelor's degree in Philosophy from Kuwait University and has attended several 
training programmes at Harvard Business School. 
Mr. Ahmed Bourisly – General Manger – Corporate Banking Group 
Mr. Bourisly joined the Bank in 1998 and has been Head of Domestic Corporate Banking Group since June 
2019. 
Mr. Bourisly served on the board of NBK Capital from April 2012 until January 2015. He serves on the 
Board of Boubyan Takaful. He is also a member of various Management and Credit Committees. 
Mr. Bourisly has extensive experience in many areas of Credit and Corporate Banking Management. 
Mr. Bourisly holds a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration with a concentration in Marketing from 
University of the Pacific, California, United States. He attended numerous training courses and seminars at 
Harvard University and INSEAD. 
Mr. Mohammed Al Kharafi – General Manager – Group Operations Head 
Mr. Mohammed Al Kharafi joined the Bank from 2001 until 2008 where he progressed to the position of 
Branch Manager. He re-joined the Bank again in 2010 where he assumed many leadership roles and he is 
currently the General Manager – Group Operations Head. He is a board member of the Credit Information 
Network Company (Ci-Net). 
He has extensive experience in retail banking and operations. 
Mr. Mohammed Al Kharafi has a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration from the Arab Open 
University. He has participated in a number of Executive Education Programmes at Harvard Business School, 
Chicago Booth School of Business and American University of Beirut. 
Mr. Jad Zakhour – General Manager – Head of Treasury Group 
Mr. Zakhour joined the Bank in 2006 and has been Head of Treasury Group since January 2020. He was 
previously the Deputy Group Treasurer since August 2014. He is also a member of various management 
committees. 
Mr. Zakhour has extensive experience in treasury, investment and wealth management. 
Mr. Zakhour holds a Bachelor's degree in Civil Engineering from Homs University and a Master's Degree in 
Business Administration in Finance from American University of Beirut. He is a Certified Financial Risk 
Manager (FRM). Mr Zakhour has participated in a number of Executive Programs at Harvard Business 
School and INSEAD.

--- Page 222 ---
205 
 
The business address of each member of the executive management is National Bank of Kuwait S.A.K.P., 
P.O. Box 95 Safat, 13001 Kuwait, Jaber Al-Mubarak and Al-Shuhada Street, NBK Tower, Sharq, State of 
Kuwait. 
No member of the Bank's executive management has any actual or potential conflict of interest between his or 
her duties to the Bank and his or her private interests and/or other duties. 
The Group has established a formal executive management succession plan which is approved by the BNRC 
on an annual basis. Under the current executive management succession plan, the nominated successor to the 
GCEO is the Deputy Group Chief Executive Officer; the successor to the Deputy Group Chief Executive 
Officer is the Chief Executive Officer – Kuwait; and the successor to the Chief Executive Officer – Kuwait 
is the Deputy Chief Executive Officer - Kuwait. 
Executive management committees 
The Group's executive management committees include the credit committees described under "Risk 
Management—Credit Risk—Credit risk management strategy—Corporate credit risk management", the EC 
and the ALEC. 
Group Executive Committee 
The EC is the highest management level authority which is responsible for managing and overseeing matters 
related to all aspects of the Group's business including corporate organisation, finance and operations. All 
management level committees report to, and are subject to the oversight of, the EC which has authority 
to determine, for example, the frequency with which other management committees are required to meet. 
When taking decisions on behalf of the Group, the EC is required to give consideration to the prevailing 
risk environment, in addition to adhering to the Group's established corporate governance framework 
and the Group's overall strategic goals as mandated by the Board. 
The EC's key responsibilities and duties include the following: 
• 
preparing and reviewing strategic objectives, financial plans and key policies and procedures of 
the Group, to be submitted for approval by the Board; 
• 
monitoring and overseeing the financial and operational performance of the Group; 
• 
approving key procedures for individual business units and recommending policies for Board 
consideration and approval; 
• 
setting annual business plans, financial forecasts, budgets of each subsidiary, capital expenditures, 
performance targets, and other initiatives to attain the Group's targets, and submitting for 
Board approval; approving projects with capital expenditure in excess of executive managerial limits; 
• 
reviewing the respective authority for the various operations as specified in the list of 
approval authority and submitting for Board approval; 
• 
reviewing "high" residual risks identified through risk assessments or internal audit reports that have 
been accepted by the relevant business unit and/or Group Head and to determine whether to accept 
those risks or mitigate them in accordance with the Group's risk appetite; 
• 
establishing and dissolving any wholly-owned subsidiary, branch of the subsidiary or associated 
company or representative office of the Group, and obtaining Board approvals if required; and 
• 
monitoring employee performance at all levels with regard to risk management, including the 
effectiveness of the internal control system and operations in compliance with related laws, rules 
and regulations. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the EC has 16 members, with the GCEO serving as chairman of 
the committee.

--- Page 223 ---
206 
 
A quorum of at least one half of the committee's members is required to convene a meeting, at least one 
of whom must be the EC chairman or vice-chairman. 
The EC is required to meet at least quarterly and as often as it deems appropriate to carry out its 
responsibilities. In 2021, the EC sat 15 times. 
Group Asset Liability Executive Committee 
The ALEC is an executive management committee that determines matters relating to liquidity risk, interest 
rate risk, balance sheet management and trading activities. The role of the ALEC is to ensure policies and 
internal guidelines approved by the EC other Group management committees are adhered to. 
The ALEC seeks to manage the Group's assets and liabilities in order to enhance profitability and protect 
the Group from any adverse consequences that may result from extreme changes in market conditions and 
other financial risks. 
In carrying out these key functions, the ALEC: 
• 
reviews and recommends changes to the structure of the Group's balance sheet and management 
of the Group's assets and liabilities generally; 
• 
oversees the Group's liquidity policies including the setting and monitoring of liquidity margins, 
liquidity ratios and the management of liquidity risk; 
• 
oversees and manages the Group's exposures to different asset classes, including monitoring 
the Group's deposit concentration levels; 
• 
reviews management strategies with respect to balance sheet structure including asset allocation 
strategies; changing liability structure and mix; balance sheet growth, structure and maturity; 
and hedging, which are consistent with the Group's strategic goals and in compliance with 
regulatory requirements; 
• 
monitors and reviews the Group's capital position and funding requirements; 
• 
determines current and projected liquidity requirements and monitors the sources and uses of 
liquidity, including contingency plans for unexpected or volatile market conditions; 
• 
reviews and revises, when necessary, short and medium term projections and other external 
regulatory and economic factors, which affect the liquidity of the Group; 
• 
identifies, analyses and recommends changes in policies, guidelines and procedures relating to assets 
and liabilities consistent with the Group's mission and financial goals; 
• 
approves the approach and strategies utilised in the management of treasury products; 
• 
reviews the Group's hedging strategy periodically to ascertain it is in accordance with the overall 
objectives of the Group and that it considers the market conditions and currency market trends; and 
• 
monitors and reviews the Group's compliance with applicable regulatory ratios and Board 
policy relating to the management of market risk and interest rate risk. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the ALEC has 14 members, with the GCEO serving as chairman of 
the committee. 
A quorum of five members (including the Chairperson or assigned deputies) is required to convene a meeting. 
The ALEC is required to meet at least once a month (as required by the EC) or as otherwise required. In 
2021, the ALEC sat 11 times.

--- Page 224 ---
207 
 
INTERNAL CONTROLS 
The Group's internal controls over financial reporting comprise processes designed to provide reasonable 
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for 
external purposes in accordance with applicable accounting principles. The Group's internal controls include 
policies and procedures that: (i) are designed to ensure the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, 
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Group's assets; (ii) provide reasonable 
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in 
accordance with accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Group are being made only 
in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the Group; and (iii) provide reasonable 
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use or disposition of 
the Group's assets. 
The Board has assigned the BAC with responsibility for the oversight of the Group's internal control 
framework along with the selection and rotation of external auditors in compliance with regulatory 
requirements. 
An annual review of the Group's internal control functions is conducted by an external audit firm other 
than the auditors of the Group in accordance with CBK requirements. This review examines the Group's 
accounting and other records, and evaluates the internal control systems in place in the following, non-
exhaustive areas: corporate governance, consumer banking, corporate and private banking, treasury, 
financial control, information technology, risk management, human resources and administration, internal 
audit, legal affairs, customer complaints, financial securities, confidentiality of customer information, anti-
fraud and embezzlement systems and anti-money laundering. 
None of the external review reports for 2021, 2020 and 2019 have highlighted any significant issues with the 
Group's internal control functions. 
Notwithstanding the above, internal controls are subject to inherent limitations. Please see "Risk Factors—
Factors that may Affect the Bank's Ability to Fulfil its Obligations in Respect of Notes Issued under 
the Programme—Operational risks—The Group's risk management policies and procedures may not be 
effective in all circumstances and may leave it exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks, which could 
result in material losses". 
COMPENSATION 
In 2021, the total compensation paid to the executive management amounted to KD 12.2 million, compared 
to KD 8.3 million in 2020 and KD 13.5 million in 2019. The remuneration paid to directors of the Bank, 
amounting to KD 120 thousand for 2021 (2020: nil), is in accordance with local regulations and is subject to 
the approval of shareholders at the Annual General Meeting. 
Board members do not receive any compensation in the form of fees, salaries or bonuses for their services 
rendered to the Group.

--- Page 225 ---
208 
 
OVERVIEW OF KUWAIT 
Unless indicated otherwise, information in this section has been derived from Kuwaiti Government 
publications. 
OVERVIEW 
Kuwait is located in the north-east of the Arabian Peninsula in Western Asia. It is bordered by Saudi Arabia 
to the south at Khafji and Iraq to the north at Basra. To the east, Kuwait has approximately 499 kilometres 
of coastline on the Arabian Gulf. 
Kuwait covers an area of approximately 17,818 square kilometres, which is divided into six Governorates 
(Al-Ahmadi, Al-'Asimah (the capital), Al-Farwaniyah, Al-Jahra', Hawalli and Mubarak Al-Kabir). Each 
Governorate is headed by a governor, a representative of the Emir, who is supported by a council. Governors 
are usually members of the ruling family or close allies. Membership of the Governorate councils is 
by appointment. Each Governorate is divided into districts or areas and each district is headed by a 
mayor or chief (Mukhtar) who reports to the Ministry of Interior. The capital and administrative centre 
of Kuwait is Kuwait City, where the Government and most of the other state institutions are located. The 
official language 
in Kuwait is Arabic, but the use of English is widespread, especially in business 
transactions. 
Kuwait's economy benefits from some of the largest oil reserves in the world as well as very low relative 
oil production costs. According to OPEC's 2022 Annual Statistical Bulletin (the "OPEC 2022 
Bulletin"), Kuwait has the sixth largest oil reserves in the world estimated at around 101.5 billion barrels 
(accounting for 6.6 per cent. of the world's total oil reserves).In addition, Kuwait was the world's seventh 
largest oil producer and sixth largest exporter for the year ended 31 December 2021, accounting for 3.5 
per cent. of the world's total oil production and 4.2 per cent. of the world's total oil exports for the year 
ended 31 December 2021. According to the same source, Kuwait's production levels were 2.4 million bpd 
on average for the year ended 31 December 2021. As a founding member of OPEC, Kuwait's oil 
production is subject to any agreements that are reached to limit oil production and in April 2020 Kuwait 
participated in the 'OPEC plus' agreement to cut global oil production in response to the reduced demand for 
oil following the outbreak of COVID-19.  However, 'OPEC plus' has been slowly returning the production 
cuts made during the COVID-19 pandemic, and by June 2022 Kuwait's oil production had broadly returned 
to pre-pandemic levels. 
POPULATION 
The latest official Kuwait census for which data has been published was conducted in April 2011. 
Accordingly, all population figures for subsequent years are estimates based on historic data. 
The most recent estimate of the population in Kuwait published by the Public Authority for Civil 
Information estimated the population to be approximately 4.6 million as at 30 June 2021, of which 
approximately 1.5 million were Kuwaiti nationals (31.8 per cent.) and approximately 3.2 million were non-
Kuwaiti nationals (68.2 per cent.). 
ECONOMIC OVERVIEW 
Since oil was discovered in Kuwait in 1937, Kuwait's economy has grown significantly, principally due to 
the revenues generated from the export of crude oil and related products. Kuwait's major industries 
include petroleum, petrochemicals, cement, shipbuilding and repair, water desalination, food processing 
and construction. 
According to provisional figures prepared by the CSB, Kuwait's real GDP increased by 2.9 per cent. in 2016, 
declined by 4.7 per cent. in 2017, increased by 2.4 per cent. in 2018 and declined by 0.6 per cent. in 2019 
and 8.9 per cent. in 2020 to KD 36.0 billion. According to preliminary IMF data (as of April 2022), Kuwait's 
real GDP is estimated to have increased by 1.3 per cent. in 2021, and is projected to rise by 8.2 per cent. in 
2022 and 2.6 per cent. in 2023. 
According to data from Kuwait's Ministry of Finance, oil revenues comprised 83.6 per cent. of total 
Government revenues for the fiscal year ended 31 March 2021. According to the CSB, oil and oil products 
represented 91.6 per cent. of total exports for the year ended 31 December 2021. Kuwait's economy has 
generally benefitted from healthy fiscal and current account surpluses, although lower oil prices since mid-

--- Page 226 ---
209 
 
2014 meant that Kuwait realised a net budget deficit (before transfers to the Future Generations Fund 
("FGF")) for the fiscal years ended 31 March 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, and 2021. The annual average 
OPEC Reference Basket prices in each of 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, and 2021 were U.S.$40.76, 
U.S.$52.43, U.S.$69.78, U.S.$64.04, U.S.$41.47, and U.S.$69.89, respectively. In the first half of 2022, the 
OPEC Reference Basket price per barrel increased significantly, reaching U.S.$117.72 in June 2022 against 
a backdrop of a recovery in global oil demand from its pandemic lows and concerns over the oil supply 
outlook due to fallout from the Russia-Ukraine conflict. 
OPEC Reference Basket price movements are shown solely to illustrate the historic volatility in international 
crude oil prices and no implication is intended that the Group's revenue from crude oil production is directly 
linked to the price of the OPEC Reference Basket. The price per barrel of Kuwait Export Crude Oil (which 
is produced by Kuwait and constitutes part of the OPEC Reference Basket) has also moved in line with these 
trends. 
While the oil industry has historically dominated and continues to be the largest part of, Kuwait's economy 
(with oil (excluding refining) accounting for approximately 53.9 per cent. of real GDP for the year ended 
31 December 2020 according to provisional figures from the CSB), for the past several years, Kuwait has 
been concentrating on the diversification of its economy by encouraging private sector participation and 
promoting foreign investment in non-oil sectors as articulated in the "New Kuwait 2035" plan. Based on 
provisional figures from the CSB, the non-oil sector of the economy (including oil refining) contributed 
approximately 46.1 per cent. of Kuwait's real GDP in the year ended 31 December 2020 and declined by 8.8 
per cent. in real terms in the same time period from KD 18.2 billion to KD 16.6 billion. 
Kuwait's public finances benefit from one of the world's largest sovereign wealth funds. Based on third party 
public sources, the KIA is ranked as the world's fifth largest sovereign wealth fund with approximately 
U.S.$708.4 billion in assets according to the Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute. The KIA is prohibited by law 
from publicly discussing the exact size of its holdings. The KIA is responsible for the management of 
Kuwait's General Reserve Fund ("GRF") and its FGF, as well as other funds entrusted to it by the Minister 
of Finance for and on behalf of Kuwait. On an annual basis and by law, a minimum of 10 per cent. of all 
Government revenues were transferred to the FGF, though in 2020 this rule was modified such that transfers 
are suspended when the budget is in deficit. The GRF is available to fund budget deficits in Kuwait and 
Kuwait has never drawn down on the funds in the FGF since the FGF's inception in 1976, other than for 
liberation and reconstruction costs related to the Iraqi invasion. 
INFLATION 
The following table sets forth the consumer price index ("CPI") and annual inflation rate in Kuwait for 
the years ended 31 December 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. 
 
Average for the year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2018 
2017 
Consumer Price Index (base year 2013=100) ...... 
120.6 
116.6 
114.2 
113.0 
112.3 
Inflation (percentage change, year on year) ........ 
3.4 
2.1 
1.1 
0.6 
1.6 
 _______________  
Source: Central Statistical Bureau 
GOVERNMENT, POLITICAL AND LEGAL SYSTEM 
Kuwait is a constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary system of government. Under its Constitution, 
which entered into force in 1963, the head of the State is the Emir, who is chosen from among the members 
of the ruling Al-Sabah family and confirmed by the National Assembly. The current Emir is His 
Highness Sheikh Nawaf Al-Ahmed Al-Jaber Al-Sabah, who acceded to the throne in September 2020. The 
Emir has, among other powers, the power to appoint the Prime Minister, dissolve the National Assembly, 
suspend certain parts of the Constitution and refer bills to the National Assembly for consideration. The 
Emir has the right to propose legislation as well as the right to promulgate and sanction laws. His Highness 
Sheikh Meshal Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al Sabah is the current Crown Prince. Historically, the Emir has been 
selected by family consensus although the Emir Succession Law provides for National Assembly input under 
certain circumstances. 
Kuwait was the first member of the GCC to establish a directly elected National Assembly in 1963. The 
National Assembly comprises 50 directly elected members who serve four-year terms. The National 
Assembly has the power to question and dismiss ministers through a vote of no-confidence, including 
the Prime Minister, and to propose, enact or block enactment of legislation introduced by the Government.

--- Page 227 ---
210 
 
The Council of Ministers forms the executive level of government and advises and assists the Prime Minister, 
who is appointed by the Emir. The current Prime Minister is His Highness Sheikh Ahmed Nawaf Al-Sabah 
who was appointed in 2022. 
Kuwait's legal system is primarily modelled on the French civil law system, Egyptian civil code and elements 
of Islamic Shari'a law. Although Kuwait is a democratic nation where sovereignty rests with the people, its 
system is based on the principles of justice, liberty and equality and governed by a Constitution of delegated 
powers to the legislative, the executive and the judicial authorities. In descending order of importance, the 
Constitution is followed by laws and their implementing instruments such as regulations and ministerial 
resolutions. 
DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY OF KUWAIT 
In 2010, the Government announced its new overall strategy for Kuwait's future development through the 
year 2035 known as "Kuwait Vision 2035", which is based on three main themes: 
• 
recovering the pioneering regional role of Kuwait and transforming it into a financial and trade centre, 
attractive to investors, where the private sector plays the lead role in economic activity creating 
competition and promoting efficiency; with supportive national governmental institutions providing 
the adequate infrastructure, appropriate legislative framework and an inspiring business environment; 
• 
providing a climate for balanced human development, safeguarding social values and national 
identity and preserving the community's values; and 
• 
strengthening the democratic system, respect for the Constitution, and the promotion of justice, 
political participation and freedom. 
The New Kuwait Vision 
On 30 January 2017, the Government updated its long-term development strategy under the slogan "New 
Kuwait 2035". The New Kuwait Vision is based on the following seven thematic pillars and objectives: 
• 
Public Administration: Reform administrative and bureaucratic practices to reinforce transparency, 
accountability and efficiency in the Government. 
• 
Economy: Develop a prosperous and diversified economy to reduce Kuwait's dependency on 
oil revenues. 
• 
Infrastructure: Develop and modernise the national infrastructure to improve the quality of life 
for Kuwait's citizens. 
• 
Living Environment: Ensure the availability of accommodation through environmentally sound 
resources and tactics. 
• 
Healthcare: Improve service quality and develop national capabilities in the public healthcare 
system. 
• 
Human Capital: Reform the education system to better prepare Kuwait's youth to become 
competitive, productive and competent members of the workforce. 
• 
Global Position: Enhance Kuwait's regional and global presence in spheres such as diplomacy, trade, 
culture and philanthropy. 
FOREIGN RELATIONS AND INTERNATIONAL ORGANISATIONS 
Kuwait, together with Bahrain, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the UAE, form the GCC. Kuwait is also a 
member of OPEC and the United Nations. It is also a member of numerous international and multilateral 
organisations, including the IMF, the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the WTO, the 
League of Arab States, the Organisation of the Islamic Conference, the Multilateral Investment Guarantee 
Agency and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (UNESCO).

--- Page 228 ---
211 
 
BANKING INDUSTRY AND REGULATION IN KUWAIT 
CENTRAL BANK OF KUWAIT 
Kuwait's monetary, banking and financial system is regulated and supervised by the CBK, which was formed 
by Law No. 32 of 1968 (as amended) (the "CBK Law"). The CBK commenced operations on 1 April 1969. 
According to Article 15 of the CBK Law, its objectives are to: 
• 
issue currency on behalf of Kuwait; 
• 
secure the stability of the Kuwaiti dinar and its free convertibility into other currencies; 
• 
direct credit policy in order to contribute to Kuwait's social and economic progress and the growth 
of national income; 
• 
supervise the banking system in Kuwait; 
• 
serve as the Government's bank; and 
• 
render financial advice to the Government. 
The CBK is largely independent of Kuwait's executive and legislative branches and is managed by a Board 
of Directors, consisting of the Governor of the CBK, who also acts as the Chairman, the Deputy Governor 
of the CBK, a representative from each of the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Commerce and 
Industry and four additional members, each of whom must be a Kuwaiti national and must be nominated by 
the Minister of Finance (after obtaining the approval of the Council of Ministers). The four additional 
Board members are drawn from expert practitioners in the fields of economics, finance or banking and are 
appointed by an Emiri Decree for a three-year renewable term. The Governor and the Deputy Governor 
of the CBK are each appointed by an Emiri Decree for a five-year renewable term, pursuant to a 
recommendation from the Minister of Finance (which is conditional on them having experience in the 
banking sector). 
The CBK's total assets as at 30 June 2021 were KD 13.1 billion. 
BANK REGULATION AND SUPERVISION 
All banks operating within Kuwait are subject to the supervision of the CBK, which is the primary regulator 
of banks and financial institutions in Kuwait whilst the Kuwait Capital Markets Authority (the "CMA") 
exercises supervisory authority over all Kuwaiti entities (including banks and financial institutions) which 
are listed on Boursa Kuwait (previously known as the Kuwait Stock Exchange) or engage in securities 
activities as discussed further below. 
Off-site and On-site supervision department 
The CBK's off-site supervision department receives periodic financial reports from institutions under 
its supervision, issues supervisory regulations, resolutions and instructions to such institutions, examines 
ongoing banking and financial trends and monitors their impact on the soundness and stability of these 
institutions. The department also conducts studies to assess applications to establish new banking and 
financial institutions or for new branches, articles of association, banking services and by-laws; and 
organises and maintains registers of the institutions subject to CBK supervision. The off-site supervision 
department also prepares 
CBK recommendations on issues concerning banking and supervisory 
conditions, and develops a dialogue with worldwide supervisory bodies and concerned international 
institutions, to stay informed and updated on the latest global trends and developments in the area of 
supervision of banking and financial activities. 
The CBK also has an on-site supervision department that is responsible for monitoring the activities 
of institutions under its supervision to ensure their compliance with the provisions of relevant laws and 
supervisory regulations and instructions, including through periodic inspections. In addition, the on-site 
supervision department is responsible for the combat of money laundering and financing of terrorism 
(through an Anti-Money Laundering section within the on-site supervision department), following up 
on complaints and appeals submitted to CBK by those dealing with CBK-regulated entities, and proposing 
related supervisory regulations and instructions.

--- Page 229 ---
212 
 
Financial Stability Office 
The CBK has also established a Financial Stability Office (the "FSO"), which aims to contribute to a 
sound financial system in Kuwait capable of withstanding financial and economic shocks by identifying 
key vulnerabilities in the financial system and suggesting appropriate corrective measures. The FSO 
annually publishes its flagship Financial Stability Report (the "FSR"), covering key developments in the 
banking sector (making an assessment of financial intermediation, analysing key risks in the banking 
sector and examining the trends in banks' profitability, solvency and resilience against major shocks), 
domestic markets (money, foreign exchange, equity and real estate markets) and the payment and 
settlement systems. The aim of publishing the annual FSR is to identify risks to the stability of the financial 
system and to promote transparency and encourage informed public discourse on various developments in 
the financial system. 
The FSO also prepares other analytical reports, for internal use on major developments and key risks in 
the banking sector and financial markets, making use of appropriate tools and techniques, such as stress 
testing, in early identification of vulnerabilities in the financial system. 
BANKING REGULATION 
Liquidity regulations 
Prior to April 2020, the CBK required banks to maintain 18 per cent. of their Kuwaiti dinar customer deposits 
in the form of balances with the CBK and Kuwaiti Government treasury bonds. 
Bank liquidity in Kuwait is monitored using the "Maturity Ladder Approach" under which future cash inflows 
are compared with future cash outflows. The resulting liquidity mismatches are then examined in time bands 
against approved limits for each band. The relevant instruction relating to liquidity establishes the elements 
to be included when calculating assets and liabilities for the purpose of determining liquidity. 
The CBK also introduced, in 2014, the liquidity coverage ratio regulations ("LCR") and, later in 2015, the 
net stable funding ratio ("NSFR") guidelines, which are aimed at improving banks' capacity to withstand 
liquidity stress and making their funding structure stable. 
The CBK introduced the LCR in a phased manner, setting a benchmark requirement of 70 per cent. in 2016 
which increased by 10 per cent. each year and remained at 100 per cent. between January 2019 and April 
2020. Banks are required to submit, along with existing liquidity reports, their LCR reports on a daily and 
monthly basis for monitoring purposes as well as LCRs by major currency. 
The minimum required NSFR is calculated as a percentage of available stable funding to required stable 
funding. The requirement to maintain an NSFR of 100 per cent. became effective in January 2018. 
In April 2020, as part of the measures implemented to support the Kuwaiti economy following the outbreak 
of COVID-19, the CBK decreased banks' liquidity ratio requirements from 18 per cent. to 15 per cent., their 
LCR requirements from 100 per cent. to 80 per cent and their NSFR requirements from 100 per cent. to 80 
per cent. Additionally, the CBK increased the limit for the maximum negative cumulative gap for liquidity 
and also increased the limit for the maximum permissible financing from 90 per cent. to 100 per cent. These 
measures imposed by the CBK remain valid until 31 December 2021. Subsequently the cash reserve ratio 
was revised to 16.5 per cent. and the LCR and the NSFR to 90 per cent. for the period starting 1 January 
2022. The ratios will revert to their original levels of 18 per cent. and 100 per cent., respectively, from 1 
January 2023. 
Capital adequacy regulations 
Over the past few years, the CBK has refined its existing regulations to reflect global best practices. The 
CBK has implemented the full set of Basel III regulations, covering capital adequacy, leverage, and 
liquidity. The CBK has enhanced its capital adequacy regime by setting out higher and better quality capital 
for Kuwaiti banks to further strengthen their loss absorbing capacity. The CBK has also put up additional 
capital requirements for systemically important banks, such as the Bank, and introduced the Leverage Ratio 
(which is defined as the "capital" measure – made up of Tier 1 capital – divided by the "exposure" 
measure – being the sum of on-balance sheet assets, derivative exposures and off-balance sheet exposures) 
as a supplementary measure to ensure that Kuwaiti banks do not become overly leveraged.

--- Page 230 ---
213 
 
The CBK's Instructions relating to Basel III require that the terms and conditions of Tier 1 or Tier 2 
instruments issued by a licensed bank in Kuwait must contain a provision that permits such instruments to 
either be written-off or converted into common equity, as determined by the CBK, should a Trigger Event 
(as defined below) occur. Pursuant to the Instructions, a "Trigger Event" will have occurred if either of the 
following events occurs: 
• 
the issuing bank is instructed by its regulator to write-off or convert such instruments, on the grounds 
of non-viability; or 
• 
an immediate injection of capital is required, by way of an emergency intervention, without which 
the issuing bank would become non-viable. 
Notwithstanding the definition of Trigger Event set out above, the conditions of the Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital 
securities issued by the Bank only allow for a write-down (as defined in the Conditions), and not a conversion 
into ordinary shares, to take place following the occurrence of a Trigger Event. 
Credit risk regulations 
• 
Loan/financings to deposit ratio - Kuwaiti banks are restricted by the CBK from lending amounts 
in excess of a prescribed percentage of qualifying deposits. With effect from October 2016 to 
April 2020, the prescribed percentage was 90 per cent., irrespective of the maturity profile of such 
deposits. As described above, the prescribed percentage was increased to 100 per cent. in April 2020 
following the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic. As at 1 January 2022, the limit was decreased 
to 95 per cent. and will return to the pre-COVID-19 prescribed percentage of 90 per cent. on 1 
January 2023. 
• 
Credit facility classifications: The CBK requires banks operating in Kuwait to evaluate and classify 
their credit facilities into two categories (regular and irregular) on a periodic basis. The relevant 
CBK instructions specify the cases when a credit facility must be classified as 'irregular' and include 
where payment of an instalment is not made, interest is not paid on the maturity date or the 
debit balance exceeds the drawing limits determined for the customer. 
• 
Consumer and instalment loans: Consumer credit facilities are granted in compliance with the 
CBK's regulatory framework, lending limits and the Bank's internal credit policy. In November 2018, 
the CBK amended the regulations on granting personal loans/financing. Taking into consideration 
changes in macroeconomic conditions and the changes in customer demographics, these amendments 
increased the ceiling for both consumer loans and Islamic financing. In general, the maximum eligible 
limit for a consumer loan is 25 times the net monthly salary (or continuous monthly income) of the 
consumer, or KD 25,000, whichever is lower, with a maximum repayment tenor of five years. An 
"instalment" loan is a long-term personal loan intended for non-commercial purposes, in particular for 
renovation or purchase of a private residence. The maximum limit on instalment loans is KD 70,000 
(which is in addition to the maximum limit on any "consumer" loan advanced to the same customer). 
The maximum repayment tenor for an instalment loan is 15 years. A customer's total monthly 
repayment liability (consumer and instalment loans) must not exceed 40 per cent. of that customer's net 
monthly salary (or continuous monthly income). 
• 
Extension of facilities for non-residents: Local banks are permitted to extend credit facilities in KD 
to non-residents without the need for prior consent from the CBK only in connection with 
financing contracts awarded by government bodies in Kuwait whose value does not exceed KD 
40 million and where the loan does not exceed 70 per cent. of the total value of the contract. In all 
other cases, CBK consent is required for loans to non-residents. 
• 
Foreign exchange transactions - Local banks may deal with foreign banks for foreign exchange 
transactions, may deposit Kuwaiti dinar with foreign banks and may enter into foreign exchange 
swap and other derivative transactions, including options, futures and forward contracts. 
Concentration risk regulations 
• 
Investment limits: The total ratio of the securities portfolio held by a Kuwaiti bank should not exceed 
50 per cent. of the bank's capital in its comprehensive concept, as defined under the CBK's 
instructions to the local banks in respect of the c apital a dequacy r atio and the CBK instruction

--- Page 231 ---
214 
 
no. BS/101/1995 (as amended) in respect of the credit concentration limits. Further, the ratio of 
the investment in the securities of any one issuer should be the lower of 10 per cent. of the bank's 
capital in its comprehensive concept or 10 per cent. of the issuer's capital. 
• 
Maximum limit for credit concentration: Subject to certain exceptions or where prior CBK approval 
has been obtained, the total credit liabilities of any single customer (including its legally or 
economically associated entities) to a bank may not exceed 15 per cent. of the bank's regulatory 
capital. 
• 
Clustering limit – total limit for large concentrations: The aggregate of large credit concentrations 
(being concentrations which exceed 10 per cent. of a bank's regulatory capital), including any 
exceptions approved by the CBK, may not exceed four times a bank's regulatory capital. 
Interest rate cap regulations 
The CBK's resolutions issued in respect of interest rate ceilings provide that the maximum limits for interest 
rates on KD loans to corporates should not exceed: 
• 
2.5 per cent. over the CBK's discount rate in the case of commercial loans with a maturity of one 
year or less; and 
• 
4 per cent. over the CBK's discount rate in the case of commercial loans exceeding one year. 
Interest rates for consumer and instalment loans denominated in Kuwaiti dinar are currently capped at 
the CBK discount rate plus 3 per cent. for each block of five years. Such interest rates may be adjusted 
by no more than plus or minus 2 per cent. for each subsequent block of five years. 
Interest rates for loans in currencies other than the Kuwaiti dinar are not regulated by the CBK. 
Corporate governance 
On 10 September 2019, the CBK issued a revised version of the "Rules and Standards of Corporate 
Governance" (the "Corporate Governance Rules") which apply to all banks in Kuwait and were required 
to be implemented with effect from 30 June 2020. This new regulation replaces the previous "Rules and 
Standards of Corporate Governance in Kuwaiti Banks" issued in 2012. The Corporate Governance Rules 
provide principles that should be applied by Kuwaiti banks in order to ensure proper governance. They 
comprise nine pillars that cover, amongst other things, board composition, independent board members, risk 
management governance, compliance governance, cyber security, disclosure and transparency, remuneration 
policies and systems, and overall protection of shareholder and stakeholder's rights. The Corporate 
Governance Rules require each bank to adopt a corporate governance manual and establish a corporate 
governance committee, tasked with devising an overall framework for the adherence to the governance 
manual. 
The Corporate Governance Rules require the existence of independent directors in the composition of a banks' 
board of directors and the board committees. With effect from 30 June 2020, a bank's board must comprise 
no less than 11 board members, two of whom must be deemed "independent" but in no circumstance should 
the independent board members occupy more than half of the board seats. Another two independent board 
members are to be included to provide a total of four independent board members from the, at least, 11 board 
members. 
The Corporate Governance Rules define the role of a bank's board of directors and executive management 
(including the chief executive officer and other members of senior management), the executive committee 
(which is to include the chief executive officer), the risk committee, the audit committee, and any other 
committees that have an active role in the business of the Bank. 
The Board adopts and implements internationally recognised corporate governance practices and adheres 
to the CBK's requirements under the Corporate Governance Rules. See "Management and Employees–
Management–Corporate governance framework" for further detail.

--- Page 232 ---
215 
 
Third party portfolio management 
Instructions apply to portfolios managed by banks and investment companies for the account of third parties 
and invested in foreign securities and other financial instruments. 
Other Instructions 
The CBK has also issued Instructions containing guidelines relating to, among other matters: (i) post-dated 
cheques; (ii) banks' credit policy ratios; (iii) verification of the purpose of credit facilities granted to 
customers; (iv) collateral to be granted by customers against credit facilities; (v) the provision of facilities for 
trading in shares listed on the Boursa Kuwait; (vi) the protection of customers; (vii) customers' special needs 
and (viii) anti-money laundering and combating the financing of terrorism. 
APPLICATION OF CBK REGULATIONS TO THE BANK 
The Bank is incorporated as a public shareholding company in Kuwait. The Bank is licensed by the CBK 
to conduct banking activities and operates under its supervision. The Bank is also listed on Boursa 
Kuwait. As a company incorporated in the State of Kuwait under the applicable companies' laws, for the 
Bank to perform any commercial activities, it must have a valid commercial license issued by the Ministry 
of Commerce and Industry ("MOCI"). The MOCI issued commercial license is renewable every four 
years. The Bank has a valid commercial license which expires on 13 November 2023. The Bank has 
no reason to believe that its commercial licence will not be renewed by MOCI. 
The CBK is tasked with maintaining the stability of Kuwait's banking system. As an entity subject to 
the CBK's oversight, the Bank is required to submit various periodic and one-off reports to the CBK. The 
CBK also conducts inspections of banking and financial institutions (banks, investment companies 
and money exchange companies) which are subject to its supervision in order to ascertain their financial 
sustainability and their adherence to their constitutive documents. These inspections may be in the form of 
a specific inspection or a full audit of all activities. The CBK routinely and periodically inspects all entities 
subject to its oversight. The CBK's most recent inspection of the Bank for which a report has been issued 
was conducted during 2020. The final inspection report is expected to be issued by the CBK later in 2021. 
Alongside the CBK, the Bank is also regulated by the CMA due to it being a publicly traded company with 
shares listed on Boursa Kuwait, and conducts some of the "Securities Activities" listed in Module 5 article 
1-2 of the CMA Bylaws. 
BANKING SYSTEM 
The Kuwait banking sector has experienced increased competition and diversification from the entry of 
international banks establishing branches in Kuwait, following the promulgation of Law No. 28 of 2004 
amending certain provisions of the CBK Law. As at 30 September 2020, total local bank assets in the Kuwaiti 
banking sector amounted to KD 72.5 billion and total credit facilities to Kuwaiti residents advanced by local 
banks amounted to KD 40.0 billion (compared to KD 71.0 billion and KD 38.4 billion, respectively, as at 31 
December 2019) (source: CBK). 
The key performance indicators of the conventional Kuwaiti banks as at 30 June 2021 are set out below 
(source: financial statements and investor publications published on the company website of each bank listed 
below). 
 
Cost to 
income ratio 
Return on 
assets 
Return on 
equity 
Earnings 
per share 
 
(per cent.) 
(fils*) 
National Bank of Kuwait S.A.K.P. ............................................. 
37.6 
1.05 
9.2 
21.0 
Burgan Bank ............................................................................... 
37.8 
(1) 
(1) 
7.6 
Gulf Bank ................................................................................... 
48.2 
0.5 
5.2 
5.0 
Commercial Bank of Kuwait ...................................................... 
30.1 
(1) 
(1) 
9.8 
Al-Ahli Bank of Kuwait K.S.C.P ................................................ 
47.3 
(1) 
(1) 
7.0 
 _______________  
* 
1000 fils equals one Kuwaiti dinar. 
(1) 
Figure not publicly available as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, as at 30 June 2021, 12 foreign bank branches also operate in Kuwait. These are the Bank of 
Bahrain and Kuwait, BNP Paribas, HSBC, First Abu Dhabi Bank, Citibank, Qatar National Bank,

--- Page 233 ---
216 
 
Doha Bank, Mashreq Bank, Al-Rajhi Bank, Bank Muscat, Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank and Industrial and 
Commercial Bank of China Limited. 
DEPOSIT GUARANTEE LAW 
In response to the global financial crisis in 2008, the Government took a number of measures, including 
the passing of Law No. 30 of 2008 regarding the guarantee of deposits held with local banks (the 
"Deposit Guarantee Law"). Under the Deposit Guarantee Law, the Government of Kuwait has undertaken 
to guarantee the principal (but not interest) of all deposits held with local banks in Kuwait, including 
savings accounts and current accounts.

--- Page 234 ---
217 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the "Clearing Systems") currently in 
effect. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the 
continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor nor any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in 
the Notes held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any 
records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Book-Entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York Banking 
Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a "banking organisation" within the meaning of the New 
York Banking Law, a "clearing corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial 
Code and a "clearing agency" registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities 
that its participants ("Direct Participants") deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among 
Direct Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through 
electronic computerised book-entry changes in Direct Participants' accounts, thereby eliminating the need for 
physical movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, 
trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
The Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation ("DTCC"). DTCC is the holding company for DTC, National 
Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which are registered clearing 
agencies. DTCC is owned by the users of its regulated subsidiaries. Access to the DTC System is also 
available to others such as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly ("Indirect 
Participants" and, together with Direct Participants, "Participants"). More information about DTC can be 
found at www.dtcc.com and www.dtc.org. 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the "DTC Rules"), 
DTC makes book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts with 
respect to Notes accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system ("DTC Notes") as described below and 
receives and transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. The DTC Rules are on file with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with which beneficial 
owners of DTC Notes ("Owners") have accounts with respect to the DTC Notes similarly are required to 
make book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective Owners. 
Accordingly, although Owners who hold DTC Notes through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants will 
not possess Registered Notes, the DTC Rules, by virtue of the requirements described above, provide a 
mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive payments and will be able to transfer their interest in 
respect of the DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will 
receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC's records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each 
DTC Note ("Beneficial Owner") is in turn to be recorded on the Direct Participant's and Indirect Participant's 
records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, but Beneficial 
Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic 
statements of their holdings, from the Direct Participant or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial 
Owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Notes are to be accomplished 
by entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will 
not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, except in the event that use of 
the book-entry system for the DTC Notes is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in the 
name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co., or such other name as may be requested by an authorised 
representative of DTC. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & 
Co. or such other DTC nominee effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the 
actual Beneficial Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC's records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants

--- Page 235 ---
218 
 
to whose accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The 
Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to 
Indirect Participants and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in 
effect from time to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being 
redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such 
issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes 
unless authorised by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC's MMI Procedures. Under its usual 
procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The Omnibus 
Proxy assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the 
DTC Notes are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as 
may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC. DTC's practice is to credit Direct Participants' 
accounts upon DTC's receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from the Issuer or the relevant 
agent (or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC), on the relevant 
payment date in accordance with their respective holdings shown in DTC's records. Payments by Participants 
to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with 
securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in "street name", and will be the 
responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory 
requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of principal and interest to DTC is the 
responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of 
DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct Participants 
and Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will exchange 
the DTC Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Participants in accordance with 
their proportionate entitlements and which, if representing interests in a Restricted Global Certificate, will be 
legended as set forth under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
A Beneficial Owner shall give notice to elect to have its DTC Notes purchased or tendered, through its 
Participant, to the relevant agent, and shall effect delivery of such DTC Notes by causing the Direct 
Participant to transfer the Participant's interest in the DTC Notes, on DTC's records, to the relevant agent. 
The requirement for physical delivery of DTC Notes in connection with an optional tender or a mandatory 
purchase will be deemed satisfied when the ownership rights in the DTC Notes are transferred by Direct 
Participants on DTC's records and followed by a book-entry credit of tendered DTC Notes to the relevant 
agent's DTC account. 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as depository with respect to the DTC Notes at any time by 
giving reasonable notice to the Issuer or the relevant agent. Under such circumstances, in the event that a 
successor depository is not obtained, DTC Note certificates are required to be printed and delivered. 
The Issuer may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry-only transfers through DTC (or a 
successor securities depository). In that event, DTC Note certificates will be printed and delivered to DTC. 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, 
any Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise 
take actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its Registered Notes from DTC as 
described below. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective 
accountholders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services, including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and

--- Page 236 ---
219 
 
borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective 
participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access 
to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a 
custodial relationship with an accountholder of either system. 
Book-Entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Notes 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Certificate 
accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Global Certificate, DTC or its 
custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the individual 
beneficial interests represented by such Global Certificate to the accounts of persons who have accounts with 
DTC. Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer. Ownership of 
beneficial interests in such a Global Certificate will be limited to Direct Participants or Indirect Participants, 
including, in the case of any Unrestricted Global Certificate, the respective depositaries of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Global Certificate accepted by DTC will 
be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC 
or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct Participants (with 
respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Global Certificate accepted by DTC will be 
made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Note. In the case of any payment in 
a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its 
nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions received by it) remit all or a portion 
of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the Global Certificate in the 
currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be converted into 
U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable Participants' account. 
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in 
accordance with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to believe 
that it will not receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by Participants 
to beneficial owners of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the 
case with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and 
not the responsibility of DTC, the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar or the Issuer. Payment of principal, premium, 
if any, and interest, if any, on Notes to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Global Certificates 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Global Certificate within DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures 
of the relevant clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons 
take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes represented 
by a Global Certificate to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in 
definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who 
in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having an interest in Notes represented 
by a Global Certificate accepted by DTC to pledge such Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in 
the DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Notes may depend upon the ability to exchange 
such Notes for Notes in definitive form. The ability of any holder of Notes represented by a Global Certificate 
accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes may be impaired if the proposed transferee 
of such Notes is not eligible to hold such Notes through a Direct Participant or Indirect Participant in the 
DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions", cross-market transfers between DTC, on the 
one hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the 
other hand, will be effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action

--- Page 237 ---
220 
 
taken by the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and any custodian ("Custodian") with whom the relevant Global 
Certificates have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants in DTC 
will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3). The customary 
arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC 
participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there is 
no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, 
transfers of interests in the relevant Global Certificates will be effected through the Registrar, the Fiscal 
Agent and the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) from the transferor and 
arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated account for the 
transferee. In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
accountholders and DTC participants cannot be made on a delivery versus payment basis. The securities will 
be delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements for payment must be made separately. 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed 
to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Global Certificates among participants and accountholders of 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue 
to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time. None of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by DTC, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their 
respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations and none of them will have 
any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in 
the Notes represented by Global Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating 
to such beneficial interests.

--- Page 238 ---
221 
 
TAXATION 
The following summary of certain Kuwait, United States, DIFC and EU tax consequences of ownership of 
Notes is based upon laws, regulations, decrees, rulings, income tax conventions, administrative practice and 
judicial decisions in effect at the date of this Base Prospectus. Legislative, judicial or administrative changes 
or interpretations may, however, be forthcoming that could alter or modify the statements and conclusions 
set forth herein. Any such changes or interpretations may be retroactive and could affect the tax 
consequences to holders of the Notes. This summary does not purport to be a legal opinion or to address all 
tax aspects that may be relevant to a holder of Notes. Each prospective holder is urged to consult its own tax 
adviser as to the particular tax consequences to such holder of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of 
Notes, including the applicability and effect of any other tax laws or tax treaties, and of pending or proposed 
changes in applicable tax laws as at the date of this Base Prospectus, and of any actual changes in applicable 
tax laws after such date. 
Kuwait 
This summary of taxation in Kuwait is based on the Kuwait Income Tax Decree No. 3 of 1955, as amended 
by Law No. 2 of 2008 "Amending Certain Provisions of Kuwait Income Tax Decree No. 3 of 1955" (the 
"Amendment"), the Executive Bylaws of the Amendment (the "Regulations"), and various ministerial 
resolutions and circulars relating thereto issued by the Administrative Resolution (as defined below) 
(together, the "Taxation Laws") as interpreted and implemented by the DIT as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Any subsequent changes in either the Taxation Laws or the interpretation or implementation of 
the same by the DIT would alter and affect this summary. 
Income tax 
Under the Taxation Laws, income tax (at a flat rate of 15 per cent.) is levied on, inter alia, the net income 
and capital gains realised by any corporate entity (interpreted by the DIT to mean any form of company or 
partnership), wherever incorporated, that conducts business in Kuwait. However, the DIT to date has granted 
a concession to such corporate entities incorporated in Kuwait or in any other GCC country (being referred 
to in this Base Prospectus as GCC corporate entities) and has only imposed income tax on corporate entities 
which are not GCC corporate entities (being referred to in this Base Prospectus as non-GCC corporate 
entities) which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes shareholders of GCC corporate entities which are 
themselves non-GCC corporate entities, in each case, conducting business in Kuwait. The following 
paragraphs in this section are therefore applicable only to non-GCC corporate entities. 
Pursuant to the Regulations, income generated from the lending of funds inside Kuwait is considered to be 
income realised from the conducting of business in Kuwait, and is therefore not subject to income tax. 
Pursuant to Law No. 22 of 2015 amending Law No. 7 of 2010 Concerning the Establishment of the Capital 
Markets Authority and the Regulating of Securities Activities (the "CML Law Amendment"), yields of 
securities, bonds, sukuk and all other similar securities regardless of the issuer thereof shall be exempted 
from taxation. The CML Law Amendment was acknowledged by the Ministry of Finance Administrative 
Resolution No. 2028 of 2015 (the "Administrative Resolution"). 
However, see "Risk Factors - The application and enforcement of the Kuwaiti income tax regime is uncertain, 
and holders of the Notes which are "non-GCC corporate entities" may become subject to the Kuwaiti income 
tax regime in certain limited circumstances". 
Individuals are not subject to any Kuwaiti income tax on their income or capital gains. 
Retention 
Under the Regulations, a Kuwaiti-based party making a payment (being referred to in this section as the 
payer) to any other party (being referred to in this section as the payee), wherever incorporated, is obliged to 
deduct five per cent. of the amount of each such payment until such time as the DIT issues a tax clearance 
certificate approving the release of such amount. Unlike with withholding tax, the payer is not required to 
transfer directly the deducted amount to the DIT immediately, but instead retains such amount and releases 
it either: (i) to the payee upon presentation to the payer by such payee of a tax clearance certificate from the 
DIT confirming that the payee is not subject to or is exempt from income tax, or has realised a loss, or has 
paid or guaranteed the payment of its income tax; or (ii) in the absence of such a tax clearance certificate, to 
the DIT, on demand.

--- Page 239 ---
222 
 
According to a literal interpretation of the Regulations, payments which are subject to a deduction as 
described above would include principal and interest payments. Given that neither Law No. 22 of 2015 
amending Law No. 7 of 2010 Concerning the Establishment of the Capital Markets Authority and the 
Regulating of Securities Activities nor the Administrative Resolution address the issue of whether or not 
there remains an obligation, as described above, to make a deduction, a payer (such as the Guarantor) could 
be required to deduct 5 per cent. from every payment made by it to a payee (such as the holders of the Notes), 
which amount would be released by the payer upon presentation to it by the payee of a tax clearance certificate 
from the DIT. 
However, the holders of Notes shall be able to rely on the provisions in the Conditions (in particular, on 
Condition 9 (Taxation)) which require the Issuer and/or Guarantor to gross up each payment by an amount 
equal to any deduction, irrespective of whether a tax clearance certificate is presented or not and accordingly, 
in practice, a holder would not need to present such a tax clearance certificate. 
Other taxes 
Save as described above, all payments in respect of the Notes may be made without withholding, deduction 
or retention for, or on account of, present taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of Kuwait. 
No stamp, registration or similar duties or taxes will be payable in Kuwait by holders of Notes in connection 
with the issue or any transfer of the Notes. 
Certain United States Federal Income Taxation Considerations 
The following summary discusses certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership and 
disposition of the Notes. Except as specifically noted below, this discussion applies only to: 
• 
Notes purchased on original issuance at their "issue price" (as defined below) or additional Notes 
purchased from the Issuer pursuant to an offering described under Condition 18 (Further Issues) that 
qualifies as a "qualified reopening" for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
• 
Notes held as capital assets; and 
• 
U.S. Holders (as defined below). 
This discussion assumes that the Notes will be treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Prospective investors should note, however, that the classification of an instrument as debt or equity is highly 
factual, and it is possible that Notes might be issued that might be classified as equity for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. No rulings have been or will be sought from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") 
with respect to the classification of the Notes in general or with respect to any particular Notes. Prospective 
investors should consult their own advisers with respect to the proper classification of the Notes and the 
consequences of investing in any Notes that are not classified as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
including whether any such Notes might be considered to be interests in a passive foreign investment 
company for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which could have materially adverse consequences for U.S. 
taxable investors. 
This discussion does not describe all of the tax consequences that may be relevant in light of a holder's 
particular circumstances or to Noteholders subject to special rules, such as: 
• 
financial institutions; 
• 
insurance companies; 
• 
dealers in securities or currencies; 
• 
persons holding Notes as part of a hedging transaction, "straddle," conversion transaction or other 
integrated transaction; 
• 
former citizens or residents of the United States;

--- Page 240 ---
223 
 
• 
U.S. Holders whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar; 
• 
persons required for U.S. federal income tax purposes to accelerate the recognition of any item of 
gross income with respect to the Notes as a result of such income being recognised on an applicable 
financial statement; or 
• 
partnerships or entities or arrangements classified as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
This summary is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended to the date hereof (the "Code"), 
administrative pronouncements, judicial decisions and final, temporary and proposed U.S. Treasury 
Regulations, as of the day hereof, changes to any of which subsequent to the date of this Base Prospectus 
may affect the tax consequences described below. Persons considering the purchase of the Notes should 
consult the relevant Final Terms for any additional discussion regarding U.S. federal income taxation and 
should consult their tax advisers with regard to the application of the U.S. federal income tax laws to their 
particular situations (including the application of the alternative minimum tax and the Medicare tax on net 
investment income) as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, local or foreign 
taxing jurisdiction. 
This summary does not discuss Bearer Notes. In general, U.S. federal income tax law imposes significant 
limitations on U.S. Holders of Bearer Notes. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the 
U.S. federal income and other tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Bearer 
Notes. 
As used herein, the term "U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of a Note that is for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes: 
• 
a citizen or individual resident of the United States; 
• 
a corporation created or organised in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the 
District of Columbia; 
• 
an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or 
• 
a trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the 
administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial 
decisions of the trust. 
If an entity or arrangement that is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds Notes, 
the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner will generally depend on the status of the partner and the 
activities of the partnership. Partners of such entities or arrangements holding Notes should consult with their 
tax advisers regarding the tax consequences of an investment in the Notes. 
Payments of Stated Interest 
Interest paid on a Note will be taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary interest income at the time it accrues or 
is received in accordance with the Holders of a Note's method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, provided that the interest is "qualified stated interest" (as defined below). 
Interest income (including original issue discount, as discussed below) earned by a U.S. Holder with respect 
to a Note will constitute foreign source income for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which may be relevant 
in calculating the U.S. Holder's foreign tax credit limitation. The rules regarding foreign tax credits are 
complex and prospective investors should consult their tax advisers about the application of such rules to 
them in their particular circumstances. Special rules governing the treatment of interest paid with respect to 
original issue discount notes and foreign currency notes are described under "–Original Issue Discount," "–
Contingent Payment Debt Instruments," and "–Foreign Currency Notes." 
Pre-Issuance Accrued Interest 
If a portion of the price paid for a Note is allocable to interest that accrued prior to the date the Note is issued 
("pre-issuance accrued interest"), on the first interest payment date a U.S. Holder may exclude (and may 
be required to exclude, in the case of a Note that forms part of a series of Notes already outstanding) from

--- Page 241 ---
224 
 
income, as a return on capital, the portion of the interest received in an amount equal to the pre-issuance 
accrued interest. The U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Note will not include any pre-issuance accrued interest 
excluded from income. The remainder of this discussion does not address the treatment of pre-issuance 
accrued interest. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors with regard to the tax treatment of the 
pre-issuance accrued interest on the Notes. 
Original Issue Discount 
A Note that has an "issue price" that is less than its "stated redemption price at maturity" will be considered 
to have been issued with original issue discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes (and will be referred to 
as an "original issue discount Note") unless the Note satisfies a de minimis threshold (as described below) 
or is a short-term Note (as defined below). The "issue price" of a Note generally will be the first price at 
which a substantial amount of the Notes are sold to the public (which does not include sales to bond houses, 
brokers or similar persons or organisations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents or 
wholesalers). The "stated redemption price at maturity" of a Note generally will equal the sum of all payments 
required to be made under the Note other than payments of "qualified stated interest." "Qualified stated 
interest" is stated interest unconditionally payable (other than in debt instruments of the Issuer) at least 
annually during the entire term of the Note and equal to the outstanding principal balance of the Note 
multiplied by a single fixed rate of interest. In addition, qualified stated interest includes, among other things, 
stated interest on a "variable rate debt instrument" that is unconditionally payable (other than in debt 
instruments of the issuer) at least annually at a single qualified floating rate of interest or at a rate that is 
determined at a single fixed formula that is based on objective financial or economic information. A rate is a 
qualified floating rate if variations in the rate can reasonably be expected to measure contemporaneous 
fluctuations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the currency in which the Note is denominated. 
If the difference between a Note's stated redemption price at maturity and its issue price is less than a de 
minimis amount, i.e., 1/4 of 1 per cent. of the stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the number 
of complete years to maturity or, in the case of a Note that provides for payments, other than qualified stated 
interest, before maturity, the weighted average maturity, the Note will not be considered to have original 
issue discount. U.S. Holders of Notes with a de minimis amount of original issue discount will include this 
original issue discount in income, as capital gain, on a pro rata basis as principal payments are made on the 
Note. 
A U.S. Holder of original issue discount Notes will be required to include any qualified stated interest 
payments in income in accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. U.S. Holders of original issue discount Notes that mature more than one year from their date of 
issuance will be required to include original issue discount in income for U.S. federal tax purposes as it 
accrues in accordance with a constant yield method based on a compounding of interest, regardless of whether 
cash attributable to this income is received. 
A U.S. Holder may make an election to include in gross income all interest that accrues on any Note 
(including stated interest, original issue discount, de minimis original issue discount, market discount, de 
minimis market discount and unstated interest, as adjusted by any amortisable bond premium or acquisition 
premium) in accordance with a constant yield method based on the compounding of interest, and may revoke 
such election only with the permission of the IRS (a "constant yield election"). 
A Note that matures one year or less from its date of issuance (a "short-term Note") will be treated as being 
issued at a discount and none of the interest paid on the Note will be treated as qualified stated interest. In 
general, a cash method U.S. Holder of a short-term Note is not required to accrue the discount for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes unless it elects to do so. U.S. Holders who so elect and certain other U.S. Holders, 
including those who report income on the accrual method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
are required to include the discount in income as it accrues on a straight-line basis, unless another election is 
made to accrue the discount according to a constant yield method based on daily compounding. In the case 
of a U.S. Holder who is not required and who does not elect to include the discount in income currently, any 
gain realised on the sale, exchange, or retirement of the short-term Note will be ordinary income to the extent 
of the discount accrued on a straight-line basis (or, if elected, according to a constant yield method based on 
daily compounding) through the date of sale, exchange or retirement. In addition, those U.S. Holders will be 
required to defer deductions for any interest paid on indebtedness incurred to purchase or carry short-term 
Notes in an amount not exceeding the accrued discount until the accrued discount is included in income.

--- Page 242 ---
225 
 
The Issuer may have an unconditional option to redeem, or U.S. Holders may have an unconditional option 
to require the Issuer to redeem, a Note prior to its stated maturity date. Under applicable regulations, if the 
Issuer has an unconditional option to redeem a Note prior to its stated maturity date, this option will be 
presumed to be exercised if, by utilising any date on which the Note may be redeemed as the maturity date 
and the amount payable on that date in accordance with the terms of the Note as the stated redemption price 
at maturity, the yield on the Note would be lower than its yield to maturity. If the U.S. Holders have an 
unconditional option to require the Issuer to redeem a Note prior to its stated maturity date, this option will 
be presumed to be exercised if making the same assumptions as those set forth in the previous sentence, the 
yield on the Note would be higher than its yield to maturity. If this option is not in fact exercised, the Note 
would be treated solely for purposes of calculating original issue discount as if it were redeemed, and a new 
Note were issued, on the presumed exercise date for an amount equal to the Note's adjusted issue price on 
that date. The adjusted issue price of an original issue discount Note is defined as the sum of the issue price 
of the Note and the aggregate amount of previously accrued original issue discount, less any prior payments 
other than payments of qualified stated interest. 
Market Discount 
If a U.S. Holder purchases a Note (other than a short-term Note) for an amount that is less than its stated 
redemption price at maturity or, in the case of an original issue discount Note, its adjusted issue price, the 
amount of the difference will be treated as market discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes, unless this 
difference is less than a specified de minimis amount. 
A U.S. Holder will be required to treat any principal payment (or, in the case of an original issue discount 
Note, any payment that does not constitute qualified stated interest) on, or any gain on the sale, exchange, 
retirement or other disposition of a Note, including disposition in certain non-recognition transactions, as 
foreign source ordinary income to the extent of the market discount accrued on the Note at the time of the 
payment or disposition unless this market discount has been previously included in income by the U.S. Holder 
pursuant to an election by the U.S. Holder to include market discount in income as it accrues, or pursuant to 
a constant yield election by the U.S. Holder (as described under "—Original Issue Discount"). In addition, 
the U.S. Holder may be required to defer, until the maturity of the Note or its earlier disposition (including 
certain non-taxable transactions), the deduction of all or a portion of the interest expense on any indebtedness 
incurred or maintained to purchase or carry such Note. 
If a U.S. Holder makes a constant yield election (as described under "—Original Issue Discount") for a Note 
with market discount, such election will result in a deemed election for all market discount bonds acquired 
by the U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which such election applies. 
Acquisition Premium and Amortisable Bond Premium 
A U.S. Holder who purchases a Note for an amount that is greater than the Note's adjusted issue price but 
less than or equal to the sum of all amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date other than payments 
of qualified stated interest will be considered to have purchased the Note at an acquisition premium. Under 
the acquisition premium rules, the amount of original issue discount that the U.S. Holder must include in its 
gross income with respect to the Note for any taxable year will be reduced by the portion of acquisition 
premium properly allocable to that year. 
If a U.S. Holder purchases a Note for an amount that is greater than the sum of all amounts payable on the 
Note after the purchase date other than payments of qualified stated interest, the U.S. Holder will be 
considered to have purchased the Note with amortisable bond premium equal in amount to such excess. 
Special rules apply to accounting for amortisable bond premium for Notes redeemable prior to their stated 
maturity at the Issuer's option. The U.S. Holder may elect to amortise this premium, using a constant yield 
method, over the remaining term of the Note (where the Note is not optionally redeemable prior to its maturity 
date). If the Note may be optionally redeemed prior to maturity after the U.S. Holder has acquired it, the 
amount of amortisable bond premium is determined by substituting the call date for the maturity date and the 
call price for the amount payable at maturity only if the substitution results in a smaller amount of premium 
attributable to the period before the redemption date. A U.S. Holder who elects to amortise bond premium 
must reduce his tax basis in the Note by the amount of the premium amortised in any year. An election to 
amortise bond premium applies to all taxable debt obligations then owned and thereafter acquired by the U.S. 
Holder and may be revoked only with the consent of the IRS.

--- Page 243 ---
226 
 
If a U.S. Holder makes a constant yield election (as described under "—Original Issue Discount") for a Note 
with amortisable bond premium, such election will result in a deemed election to amortise bond premium for 
all of the U.S. Holder's debt instruments with amortisable bond premium. 
Base Rate Change 
It is possible that a change in the interest rate benchmark referenced by a Floating Rate Note from the original 
Reference Rate to an Alternative Reference Rate or a Successor Rate (a "Base Rate Change") will be treated 
as a deemed exchange of the existing note for a new note, which may be taxable to U.S. Holders, or will 
affect the calculation of OID. U.S. Holders should consult with their own tax advisers regarding the potential 
consequences of a Base Rate Change. 
Sale, Exchange or Retirement of the Notes 
Upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note, a U.S. Holder will recognise taxable gain or loss equal to 
the difference between the amount realised on the sale, exchange or retirement and the U.S. Holder's adjusted 
tax basis in the Note. A U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in a Note generally will equal the acquisition cost of 
the Note increased by the amount of OID and market discount included in the U.S. Holder's gross income 
and decreased by any amortisable bond premium previously amortised and the amount of any payment 
received from the Issuer other than a payment of qualified stated interest. Gain or loss, if any, will generally 
be U.S. source income for purposes of computing a U.S. Holder's foreign tax credit limitation. For these 
purposes, the amount realised does not include any amount attributable to accrued but unpaid interest on the 
Note. Amounts attributable to accrued but unpaid interest are treated as interest as described under "— 
Payments of Interest." 
Except as described below, gain or loss realised on the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note will generally 
be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if at the time of sale, exchange or retirement 
the Note has been held for more than one year. Exceptions to this general rule apply to the extent of any 
accrued market discount or, in the case of a short-term Note, to the extent of any accrued discount not 
previously included in the U.S. Holder's taxable income. See "—Original Issue Discount" and "—Market 
Discount." In addition, other exceptions to this general rule apply in the case of foreign currency Notes, and 
contingent payment debt instruments. See "–Foreign Currency Notes" and "–Contingent Payment Debt 
Instruments." The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. 
Contingent Payment Debt Instruments 
If the terms of the Notes provide for certain contingencies that affect the timing and amount of payments 
(including Notes with a variable rate or rates that do not qualify as "variable rate debt instruments" for 
purposes of the original issue discount rules) they will be "contingent payment debt instruments" for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes. Under the rules that govern the treatment of contingent payment debt 
instruments, no payment on such Notes qualifies as qualified stated interest. Rather, a U.S. Holder must 
account for interest for U.S. federal income tax purposes based on a "comparable yield" and the differences 
between actual payments on the Note and the Note's "projected payment schedule" as described below. The 
comparable yield is determined by the Issuer at the time of issuance of the Notes. The comparable yield may 
be greater than or less than the stated interest, if any, with respect to the Notes. Solely for the purpose of 
determining the amount of interest income that a U.S. Holder will be required to accrue on a contingent 
payment debt instrument, we will be required to construct a "projected payment schedule" that represents 
a series of payments the amount and timing of which would produce a yield to maturity on the contingent 
payment debt instrument equal to the comparable yield. 
Neither the comparable yield nor the projected payment schedule constitutes a representation by the 
Issuer regarding the actual amount, if any, that the contingent payment debt instrument will pay. 
For U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. Holder will be required to use the comparable yield and the 
projected payment schedule established by us in determining interest accruals and adjustments in respect of 
an optionally exchangeable Note, unless the U.S. Holder timely discloses and justifies the use of a different 
comparable yield and projected payment schedule to the IRS. 
A U.S. Holder, regardless of the U.S. Holder's method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
will be required to accrue interest income on a contingent payment debt instrument at the comparable yield, 
adjusted upward or downward to reflect the difference, if any, between the actual and the projected amount 
of any contingent payments on the contingent payment instrument (as set forth below).

--- Page 244 ---
227 
 
A U.S. Holder will be required to recognise interest income equal to the amount of any net positive 
adjustment, i.e., the excess of actual payments over projected payments, in respect of a contingent payment 
debt instrument for a taxable year. A net negative adjustment, i.e., the excess of projected payments over 
actual payments, in respect of a contingent payment debt instrument for a taxable year: 
• 
will first reduce the amount of interest in respect of the contingent payment debt instrument that a 
Noteholder would otherwise be required to include in income in the taxable year; and 
• 
to the extent of any excess, will give rise to an ordinary loss equal to so much of this excess as does 
not exceed the excess of: 
• 
the amount of all previous interest inclusions under the contingent payment debt instrument 
over 
• 
the total amount of the U.S. Holder's net negative adjustments treated as ordinary loss on 
the contingent payment debt instrument in prior taxable years. 
A net negative adjustment is not subject to the two per cent. floor limitation imposed on miscellaneous 
deductions. Any net negative adjustment in excess of the amounts described above will be carried forward to 
offset future interest income in respect of the contingent payment debt instrument or to reduce the amount 
realised on a sale, exchange or retirement of the contingent payment debt instrument. Where a U.S. Holder 
purchases a contingent payment debt instrument for a price other than its adjusted issue price, the difference 
between the purchase price and the adjusted issue price must be reasonably allocated to the daily portions of 
interest or projected payments with respect to the contingent payment debt instrument over its remaining 
term and treated as a positive or negative adjustment, as the case may be, with respect to each period to which 
it is allocated. 
Upon a sale, exchange or retirement of a contingent payment debt instrument, a U.S. Holder generally will 
recognise taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale, exchange or 
retirement and the U.S. Holder's adjusted basis in the contingent payment debt instrument. A U.S. Holder's 
adjusted basis in a Note that is a contingent payment debt instrument generally will be the acquisition cost of 
the Note, increased by the interest previously accrued by the U.S. Holder on the Note under these rules, 
disregarding any net positive and net negative adjustments, and decreased by the amount of any non-
contingent payments and the projected amount of any contingent payments previously made on the Note. A 
U.S. Holder generally will treat any gain as interest income, and any loss as ordinary loss to the extent of the 
excess of previous interest inclusions in excess of the total net negative adjustments previously taken into 
account as ordinary losses, and the balance as capital loss. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to 
limitations. 
A U.S. Holder will have a tax basis in any property, other than cash, received upon the retirement of a 
contingent payment debt instrument including in satisfaction of a conversion right or a call right equal to the 
fair market value of the property, determined at the time of retirement. The U.S. Holder's holding period for 
the property will commence on the day immediately following its receipt. 
Special rules apply to contingent payment debt instruments that are denominated, or provide for payments, 
in a currency other than the U.S. dollar ("Foreign Currency Contingent Debt Instruments"). Very 
generally, these instruments are accounted for like a contingent debt instrument, as described above, but in 
the currency of the Foreign Currency Contingent Debt Instruments. The relevant amounts must then be 
translated into U.S. dollar equivalents. The rules applicable to Foreign Currency Contingent Debt Instruments 
are complex and U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of such instruments. 
Foreign Currency Notes 
The rules applicable to Notes that are denominated in a specified currency other than the U.S. dollar or the 
payments of interest or principal on which are payable in a currency other than the U.S. dollar ("foreign 
currency Notes") could require some or all gain or loss on the sale, exchange or other disposition of a foreign 
currency Note to be recharacterised as ordinary income or loss. The rules applicable to foreign currency Notes 
are complex and may depend on the U.S. Holder's particular U.S. federal income tax situation. For example, 
various elections are available under these rules, and whether a U.S. Holder should make any of these 
elections may depend on the U.S. Holder's particular U.S. federal income tax situation. U.S. Holders are

--- Page 245 ---
228 
 
urged to consult their own tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership 
and disposition of foreign currency Notes. 
A U.S. Holder who uses the cash method of accounting and who receives a payment of qualified stated 
interest in a foreign currency with respect to a foreign currency Note will be required to include in income 
the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency payment (determined on the date the payment is received) 
regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted to U.S. dollars at the time, and this U.S. dollar value 
will be the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the foreign currency. A cash method U.S. Holder who receives a payment 
of qualified stated interest in U.S. dollars pursuant to an option available under such Note will be required to 
include the amount of this payment in income upon receipt. 
An accrual method U.S. Holder will be required to include in income the U.S. dollar value of the amount of 
interest income (including original issue discount or market discount, but reduced by acquisition premium 
and amortisable bond premium, to the extent applicable) that has accrued and is otherwise required to be 
taken into account with respect to a foreign currency Note during an accrual period. The U.S. dollar value of 
the accrued income will be determined by translating the income at the average rate of exchange for the 
accrual period or, with respect to an accrual period that spans two taxable years, at the average rate for the 
partial period within the taxable year. The U.S. Holder will recognise ordinary income or loss with respect 
to accrued interest income on the date the income is actually received. The amount of ordinary income or 
loss recognised will equal the difference between the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency payment 
received (determined on the date the payment is received) in respect of the accrual period (or, where a U.S. 
Holder receives U.S. dollars, the amount of the payment in respect of the accrual period) and the U.S. dollar 
value of interest income that has accrued during the accrual period (as determined above). Rules similar to 
these rules apply in the case of a cash method taxpayer required to currently accrue original issue discount or 
market discount. 
An accrual method U.S. Holder may elect to translate interest income (including original issue discount) into 
U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the last day of the interest accrual period (or, in the case of a partial accrual 
period, the spot rate on the last day of the taxable year) or, if the date of receipt is within five business days 
of the last day of the interest accrual period, the spot rate on the date of receipt. A U.S. Holder that makes 
this election must apply it consistently to all debt instruments from year to year and cannot change the election 
without the consent of the IRS. 
Original issue discount, market discount, acquisition premium and amortisable bond premium on a foreign 
currency Note are to be determined in the relevant foreign currency. Where the taxpayer elects to include 
market discount in income currently, the amount of market discount will be determined for any accrual period 
in the relevant foreign currency and then translated into U.S. dollars on the basis of the average rate in effect 
during the accrual period. Exchange gain or loss realised with respect to such accrued market discount shall 
be determined in accordance with the rules relating to accrued interest described above. 
If an election to amortise bond premium is made, amortisable bond premium taken into account on a current 
basis shall reduce interest income in units of the relevant foreign currency. Exchange gain or loss is realised 
on amortised bond premium with respect to any period by treating the bond premium amortised in the period 
in the same manner as on the sale, exchange or retirement of the foreign currency Note. Any exchange gain 
or loss will be ordinary income or loss as described below. 
If the election is not made, any loss realised on the sale, exchange or retirement of a foreign currency Note 
with amortisable bond premium by a U.S. Holder who has not elected to amortise the premium will be a 
capital loss to the extent of the bond premium. 
Gain or loss realised upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a foreign currency Note by a U.S. Holder will 
equal the difference between: (i) the U.S. dollar value of the proceeds from the sale, exchange or retirement 
of the foreign currency note and (ii) the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the foreign currency Note, including the 
amount of any subsequent adjustment to the U.S. Holder's tax basis. In the case of a foreign currency Note 
treated as traded on an established securities market, the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency amount 
paid or received by a cash method U.S. Holder (and an electing accrual method U.S. Holder, as discussed 
below) will be computed by translating the units of foreign currency paid into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on 
the settlement date of the purchase or the sale, exchange or retirement. In the case of a foreign currency Note 
that is either purchased by a non-electing accrual method U.S. Holder or that is not treated as traded on an 
established securities market, the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency amount paid or received will be

--- Page 246 ---
229 
 
computed by translating the units of foreign currency paid into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date the 
foreign currency Note is treated as acquired or disposed of, as applicable. 
Gain or loss realised upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a foreign currency Note that is attributable to 
fluctuation in currency exchange rates will be ordinary income or loss which will not be treated as interest 
income or expense. Gain or loss attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates will equal the difference 
between: (i) the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency principal amount of the Note, determined on the 
date the payment is received or the Note is disposed of; and (ii) the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency 
principal amount of the Note, determined on the date the U.S. Holder acquired the Note. The principal amount 
for this purpose means the purchase price in units of the foreign currency. Payments received attributable to 
accrued interest will be treated in accordance with the rules applicable to payments of interest on foreign 
currency Notes described above. The foreign currency gain or loss (including with respect to payments 
attributable to accrued interest received on the sale, exchange or retirement) will be recognised only to the 
extent of the total gain or loss realised by the U.S. Holder on the sale, exchange or retirement of the foreign 
currency Note. The source of the foreign currency gain or loss will be determined by reference to the 
residence of the U.S. Holder or the "qualified business unit" of the U.S. Holder on whose books the Note is 
properly reflected. Any gain or loss realised by these U.S. Holders in excess of the foreign currency gain or 
loss will be capital gain or loss except to the extent of any accrued market discount or, in the case of short-
term Note, to the extent of any discount not previously included in the U.S. Holder's income. U.S. Holders 
should consult their own tax advisers with respect to the tax consequences of receiving payments in a currency 
different from the currency in which payments with respect to such Note accrue. 
A U.S. Holder will have a tax basis in any foreign currency received on the sale, exchange or retirement of a 
foreign currency Note equal to the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency, determined at the time of sale, 
exchange or retirement. Because, as discussed above, a cash method U.S. Holder (or an electing accrual 
method U.S. Holder) who buys or sells a foreign currency Note that is treated as traded on an established 
securities market is required to translate units of foreign currency paid or received into U.S. dollars at the 
spot rate on the settlement date of the purchase or sale, exchange or retirement, no exchange gain or loss will 
result from currency fluctuations between the trade date and the settlement date of the purchase or sale, 
exchange or retirement. An election by an accrual method taxpayer to have the same treatment for all 
purchases and sales of foreign currency obligations as a cash method taxpayer with respect to foreign 
currency Notes treated as traded on an established securities market cannot be changed without the consent 
of the IRS. Where a U.S. Holder determines the U.S. dollar value based on the spot rate on a different date 
than the settlement date, the U.S. Holder generally will recognise foreign currency gain or loss with respect 
to the difference in value of such currency between the settlement and trade dates of their purchase or sale. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
Information returns may be filed with the IRS in connection with payments on the Notes and the proceeds 
from a sale or other disposition of the Notes. A U.S. Holder may be subject to U.S. backup withholding on 
these payments if it fails to provide its tax identification number to the paying agent and comply with certain 
certification procedures or otherwise establish an exemption from backup withholding. The amount of any 
backup withholding from a payment to a U.S. Holder will be allowed as a credit against the U.S. Holder's 
U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle them to a refund, provided that the required information is 
timely furnished to the IRS. 
U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers about any additional reporting obligations that may apply as a 
result of the acquisition, holding or disposition of the Notes. Failure to comply with certain reporting 
obligations could result in the imposition of substantial penalties. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
FATCA, a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain 
payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments", a term not defined as at the date of this Base Prospectus) 
to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The issuer is a foreign 
financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the jurisdiction of the issuer) 
have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally 
not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the

--- Page 247 ---
230 
 
application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding 
would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, 
are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to 
the date that is two years after the publication of the final regulations defining "foreign passthru payment" 
and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) 
for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register (the 
"grandfathering date") generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the issuer). However, if additional 
Notes (as described under Condition 18 (Further Issues)) that have the same CUSIP or ISIN as the previously 
issued Notes and are not otherwise distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering date and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents 
may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering date, as subject 
to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts or indemnify 
any person as a result of any FATCA withholding. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Pursuant to Article 14 of Law No. (9) of 2004 in respect of the DIFC (the "DIFC Law"), entities licensed, 
registered or otherwise authorised to carry on financial services in the DIFC and their employees shall be 
subject to a zero rate of tax for a period of 50 years from 13 September 2004. This zero rate of tax applies to 
income, corporation and capital gains tax. In addition, this zero rate of tax will also extend to repatriation of 
capital and to transfers of assets or profits or salaries to any party outside the DIFC. Article 14 of the DIFC 
Law also provides that it is possible to renew the 50-year period to a similar period upon issuance of a 
resolution by the Ruler of the Emirate of Dubai. As a result no payments by the Issuer under the Notes are 
subject to any DIFC tax, whether by withholding or otherwise. 
In the event of the imposition of any withholding, the Issuer and the Guarantor have undertaken to gross-up 
any payments of principal or interest subject to certain limitations, as described in Condition 9 (Taxation). 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated that it will 
not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including: (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State; or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member 
State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 248 ---
231 
 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
Section 406 of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), and 
Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), prohibit certain 
transactions involving: (A) (i) "employee benefit plans" (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that are subject 
to Part 4 of Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, (ii) "plans" as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) that are subject to 
Section 4975 of the Code (together with (i), "Plans"), or (iii) any person or entity whose underlying assets 
include "plan assets" by reason of any such employee benefit plan's or plan's investment in the person or 
entity (each of (i)-(iii) a "Benefit Plan Investor"); and (B) persons who have certain specified relationships 
to a Plan ("parties in interest" under Section 3(14) of ERISA and "disqualified persons" under 
Section 4975(e)(2) of the Code; collectively, "Parties in Interest"), unless an exemption is available. A 
violation of these "prohibited transaction" rules may result in the imposition of an excise tax, the rescission 
of the transaction or other liabilities under ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code for such persons, unless 
relief is available under an applicable statutory or administrative exemption. Certain exemptions from the 
prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code may apply 
depending in part on the type of Plan fiduciary making the decision to acquire a Note and the circumstances 
under which such decision is made. Included among these exemptions the statutory exemption of are Section 
408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code (relating to purchase and sale of securities and 
related lending transactions, provided that neither the issuer of the securities nor its affiliate has or exercises 
any discretionary authority or control or renders any investment advice with respect to the assets of any Plan 
involved in the transaction (in other words, not a fiduciary) and provided further that the Plan pays no more 
than, and receives no less than, "adequate consideration" in connection with the transaction) and the 
administrative exemptions of Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption ("PTCE") 95-60 (relating to 
investments by insurance company general accounts), PTCE 91-38 (relating to investments by bank 
collective investment funds), PTCE 84-14 (relating to transactions effected by a "qualified professional asset 
manager"), PTCE 90-1 (relating to investments by insurance company pooled separate accounts) and PTCE 
96-23 (relating to transactions determined by an in-house asset manager). There can be no assurance that any 
of these class exemptions or any other exemption will be available with respect to any particular transaction 
involving the Notes. 
"Governmental plans" (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA), certain "church plans" (as defined in Section 
3(33) of ERISA), and non-U.S. plans (as described in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA), while not subject to the 
fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA or the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, may nevertheless be subject to a U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. 
laws or regulations that are substantially similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code ("Similar Law"). Fiduciaries of any such plans should consult with their 
counsel before they purchase any of the Notes or any interest therein. 
Under ERISA and a regulation issued by the U.S. Department of Labor (29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101, as 
modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, the "Plan Asset Regulation"), when a Benefit Plan Investor acquires 
25 per cent or more of any class of equity in an entity, disregarding the value of any equity interests held by 
persons (other than Benefit Plan Investors) with discretionary authority or control over the assets of the entity, 
or who provide investment advice for a fee (direct or indirect) with respect to such assets, and "affiliates" of 
such persons within the meaning of paragraph (f)(3) of the Plan Asset Regulation (with respect to the Issuer’s 
assets, a "Controlling Person"), the underlying assets owned by that entity will be treated as if they were 
"plan assets" of such Benefit Plan Investors, unless an exception applies. If the assets of the Issuer were 
deemed to be "plan assets" of a Benefit Plan Investor, the Issuer would be subject to certain fiduciary 
obligations under ERISA, and certain transactions that the Issuer might enter into, or may have entered into, 
in the ordinary course of business might constitute or result in non-exempt prohibited transactions under 
ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code. 
Although no assurance can be given, the Notes issued should not be considered "equity interests" for purposes 
of the Plan Asset Regulation and the Issuer intends to treat the Notes as indebtedness. Nevertheless, 
prohibited transactions within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code may arise 
if any of the Notes are acquired by a Benefit Plan Investor with respect to which any of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Agents or their respective affiliates (collectively, the "Transaction 
Parties") is a Party in Interest. Accordingly, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, each 
purchaser and subsequent transferee of any Note (or any interest therein) will be deemed to represent, warrant 
and agree that either: (A) it is not, and for so long as it holds such Note (or any interest therein) will not be 
and will not be acting on behalf of, or with the assets of, a Benefit Plan Investor or a governmental, church 
or non-U.S. plan which is subject to any Similar Law; or (B) its acquisition, holding and disposition of such

--- Page 249 ---
232 
 
Note (or any interest therein) will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 
406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or, in the case of a governmental, church or non-U.S. plan, a 
violation of any Similar Law. Any purported purchase or transfer of such a Note (or any interest therein) that 
does not comply with the foregoing shall be null and void ab initio. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, each purchaser and subsequent transferee of a Note 
(or any interest therein) that is a Benefit Plan Investor will be deemed to represent, warrant and agree that: 
(X) none of the Transaction Parties has provided any investment recommendation or investment advice 
within the meaning of Section 3(21) of ERISA to the Benefit Plan Investor, or to any fiduciary or other person 
investing the assets of the Benefit Plan Investor ("Fiduciary"), in connection with the Benefit Plan Investor's 
decision to purchase or acquire the Note; and (Y) the Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment 
in evaluating the investment in the Note. 
This Base Prospectus is not directed to any particular purchaser or transferee, nor does it address the needs 
of any particular purchaser or transferee. None of the Transaction Parties shall provide any advice or 
recommendation with respect to the management of any purchase of Notes or the advisability of acquiring, 
holding, disposing or exchanging of any Notes.

--- Page 250 ---
233 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (the "Programme Agreement") dated 5 September 2022, 
agreed with the Issuer and the Guarantor a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree 
to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes". In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer and the Guarantor have agreed 
to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with any update of the Programme and 
the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by 
them in connection therewith. The Programme Agreement provides that the obligation of any Dealer to 
subscribe for Notes is subject to certain conditions and that, in certain circumstances, a Dealer shall be entitled 
to be released and discharged from its obligations under the Programme Agreement prior to the issue of the 
relevant Notes. 
In order to facilitate the offering of any Tranche of the Notes, certain persons participating in the offering of 
the Tranche may engage in transactions that stabilise, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of the 
relevant Notes during and after the offering of the Tranche. Specifically, such persons may over-allot or 
create a short position in the Notes for their own account by selling more Notes than have been sold to them 
by the Issuer. Such persons may also elect to cover any such short position by purchasing Notes in the open 
market. In addition, such persons may stabilise or maintain the price of the Notes by bidding for or purchasing 
Notes in the open market and may impose penalty bids, under which selling concessions allowed to syndicate 
members or other broker-dealers participating in the offering of the Notes are reclaimed if Notes previously 
distributed in the offering are repurchased in connection with stabilisation transactions or otherwise. The 
effect of these transactions may be to stabilise or maintain the market price of the Notes at a level above that 
which might otherwise prevail in the open market. The imposition of a penalty bid may also affect the price 
of the Notes to the extent that it discourages resales thereof. No representation is made as to the magnitude 
or effect of any such stabilisation or other transactions. Such transactions, if commenced, may be 
discontinued at any time. Under UK laws and regulations, stabilisation activities may only be carried on by 
the Stabilisation Manager named in the relevant subscription agreement (or persons acting on its behalf) and 
only for a limited period following the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes who are in the United States or who are U.S. 
persons are advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other 
transfer of such Notes. 
Each purchaser of Registered Notes (other than a person purchasing an interest in a Global Certificate with a 
view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Certificate) or person wishing to transfer an 
interest from one Global Certificate to another or from global to definitive form or vice versa, will be required 
to acknowledge, represent and agree, and each person purchasing an interest in a Global Certificate with a 
view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Certificate will be deemed to have 
acknowledged, represented and agreed, as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A 
or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(i) 
that either: (a) it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the account 
of one or more QIBs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A; or (b) 
it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person; 
(ii) 
that it, and each account for which it is purchasing, will hold and transfer at least the minimum 
denomination of the Notes; 
(iii) 
that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United 
States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. State securities laws and, accordingly, 
the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons except as set forth below; 
(iv) 
that, unless it holds an interest in an Unrestricted Global Certificate and is a non-U.S. person located 
outside the United States, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes 
or any beneficial interests in the Notes, it will do so prior to the expiration of the applicable required 
holding period pursuant to Rule 144A only: (a) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof; (b) inside the

--- Page 251 ---
234 
 
United States to a person whom the seller reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its own 
account or for the account of one or more QIBs in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 
144A; (c) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities 
Act; (d) pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act 
(if available); or (e) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in each 
case in accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; 
(v) 
it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Notes from it of the 
resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (iv) above, if then applicable; 
(vi) 
that Notes initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or more Restricted 
Global Certificates and that Notes offered outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S will 
be represented by one or more Unrestricted Global Certificates; 
(vii) 
unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms: (A) it is not, and for so long as it holds such 
Note (or any interest therein) will not be and will not be acting on behalf of, or with the assets of a 
Benefit Plan Investor or a governmental, church or non-U.S. plan which is subject to any Similar 
Law; or (B) its acquisition, holding and disposition of such Note (or any interest therein) will not 
constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code or, in the case of a governmental, church or non-U.S. plan, a violation of any 
Similar Law; 
(viii) 
unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms if it is a Benefit Plan Investor: (X) none of the 
Transaction Parties has provided any investment recommendation or investment advice within the 
meaning of Section 3(21) of ERISA to the Benefit Plan Investor, or to any Fiduciary, in connection 
with the Benefit Plan Investor's decision to purchase or acquire the Note; and (Y) the Fiduciary is 
exercising its own independent judgment in evaluating the investment in the Note. 
(ix) 
that the Notes in registered form, other than the Unrestricted Global Certificates, will bear a legend 
to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
"NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE GUARANTEE THEREOF HAS BEEN OR WILL BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
"SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS, 
AND, ACCORDINGLY, THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE 
UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS 
EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION 
HEREOF, THE HOLDER: (A) REPRESENTS THAT: IT IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL 
BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) ("QIB") 
PURCHASING THE SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF 
ONE OR MORE QIBS IN A MINIMUM PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF U.S.$200,000 (OR THE 
EQUIVALENT AMOUNT IN A FOREIGN CURRENCY); (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT 
RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND OTHER THAN: (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE 
THEREOF; (2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER 
REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QIB WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF 
ONE OR MORE QIBS IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 
144A; (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO NON-U.S. PERSONS IN COMPLIANCE WITH 
RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT; (4) PURSUANT TO THE 
EXEMPTION FROM, ON IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF 
AVAILABLE); OR (5) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY 
OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON 
TO WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE 
EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE 
AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 FOR RESALES OF THE 
SECURITY. EACH TRANSFEROR OF THIS SECURITY WILL PROVIDE NOTICE OF THE

--- Page 252 ---
235 
 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH HEREIN AND IN THE AGENCY AGREEMENT TO 
ITS TRANSFEREE. 
UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS, EACH PURCHASER 
AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) 
WILL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT, WARRANT AND AGREE THAT EITHER: (A) IT IS 
NOT, AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) 
WILL NOT BE AND WILL NOT BE ACTING ON BEHALF OF, OR WITH THE ASSETS OF, 
(I) AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA")) 
THAT IS SUBJECT TO PART 4 OF SUBTITLE B OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (II) A "PLAN" AS 
DEFINED IN SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS 
AMENDED (THE "CODE") THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, (III) ANY 
PERSON OR ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" BY 
REASON OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN THE 
PERSON OR ENTITY (EACH OF (I)-(III), A "BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR") OR (IV) A 
GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY U.S. 
FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE 
SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF 
SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE ("SIMILAR LAW"); OR (B) ITS 
ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST 
HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED 
TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR, IN 
THE CASE OF A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN, A VIOLATION OF ANY 
SIMILAR LAW. ANY PURPORTED PURCHASE OR TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY (OR 
ANY INTEREST HEREIN) THAT DOES NOT COMPLY WITH THE FOREGOING SHALL BE 
NULL AND VOID AB INITIO. 
UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS, EACH PURCHASER 
AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) 
THAT IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR WILL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT, WARRANT 
AND AGREE THAT: (X) NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE GUARANTOR, THE ARRANGERS, 
THE DEALERS, THE AGENTS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES HAS PROVIDED ANY 
INVESTMENT RECOMMENDATION OR INVESTMENT ADVICE WITHIN THE MEANING 
OF SECTION 3(21) OF ERISA TO THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR, OR TO ANY FIDUCIARY 
OR OTHER PERSON INVESTING THE ASSETS OF THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR 
("FIDUCIARY"), IN CONNECTION WITH THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR'S DECISION TO 
PURCHASE OR ACQUIRE THE SECURITY; AND (Y) THE FIDUCIARY IS EXERCISING ITS 
OWN INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT IN EVALUATING THE INVESTMENT IN THE 
SECURITY. 
THIS 
SECURITY 
AND 
RELATED 
DOCUMENTATION 
(INCLUDING, 
WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED 
OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON 
NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED 
ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES 
AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN 
APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN 
PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED 
SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY 
ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH 
AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND 
BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY 
AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, 
WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON)."; 
(x) 
that the Notes in registered form which are registered in the name of a nominee of DTC will bear an 
additional legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
"UNLESS 
THIS 
GLOBAL 
SECURITY 
IS 
PRESENTED 
BY 
AN 
AUTHORISED 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK

--- Page 253 ---
236 
 
CORPORATION, ("DTC"), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF 
TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY REGISTERED SECURITY ISSUED IN 
EXCHANGE FOR THIS GLOBAL SECURITY OR ANY PORTION HEREOF IS REGISTERED 
IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUIRED BY AN 
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & 
CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORISED 
REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR 
VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A NOMINEE 
THEREOF IS WRONGFUL IN AS MUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & 
CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR A 
SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A 
NOMINEE THEREOF EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES SET FORTH IN THIS 
GLOBAL SECURITY, AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, 
EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS LEGEND. 
BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED 
EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS LEGEND."; 
(xi) 
if it holds an interest in an Unrestricted Global Certificate, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer 
the Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 days after the 
later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date with respect to the original issuance 
of the Notes), it will do so only: (a)(i) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 
under the Securities Act; or (ii) to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A; and (b) in accordance with 
all applicable U.S. State securities laws; and it acknowledges that the Unrestricted Global 
Certificates will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
"NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE GUARANTEE THEREOF HAS BEEN NOR WILL BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
"SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS 
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES 
OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION 
FROM OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS, EACH PURCHASER 
AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) 
WILL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT, WARRANT AND AGREE THAT EITHER: (A) IT IS 
NOT, AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) 
WILL NOT BE AND WILL NOT BE ACTING ON BEHALF OF, OR WITH THE ASSETS OF, 
(I) AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA")) 
THAT IS SUBJECT TO PART 4 OF SUBTITLE B OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (II) A "PLAN" AS 
DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE "CODE") THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF 
THE CODE, (III) ANY PERSON OR ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE 
"PLAN ASSETS" BY REASON OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR PLAN'S 
INVESTMENT IN THE PERSON OR ENTITY (EACH OF (I)-(III), A "BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR") OR (IV) A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN THAT IS 
SUBJECT TO ANY U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAWS OR 
REGULATIONS THAT ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE PROHIBITED 
TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE 
CODE ("SIMILAR LAW"); OR (B) ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF 
THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN 
A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR, IN THE CASE OF A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR 
NON-U.S. PLAN, A VIOLATION OF ANY SIMILAR LAW. ANY PURPORTED PURCHASE 
OR TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) THAT DOES NOT 
COMPLY WITH THE FOREGOING SHALL BE NULL AND VOID AB INITIO.

--- Page 254 ---
237 
 
UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS, EACH PURCHASER 
AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) 
THAT IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR WILL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT, WARRANT 
AND AGREE THAT: (X) NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE GUARANTOR, THE ARRANGERS, 
THE DEALERS, THE AGENTS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES HAS PROVIDED ANY 
INVESTMENT RECOMMENDATION OR INVESTMENT ADVICE WITHIN THE MEANING 
OF SECTION 3(21) OF ERISA TO THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR, OR TO ANY FIDUCIARY 
OR OTHER PERSON INVESTING THE ASSETS OF THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR 
("FIDUCIARY"), IN CONNECTION WITH THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR'S DECISION TO 
PURCHASE OR ACQUIRE THE SECURITY; AND (Y) THE FIDUCIARY IS EXERCISING ITS 
OWN INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT IN EVALUATING THE INVESTMENT IN THE 
SECURITY."; and 
(xii) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations or 
agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring 
any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole investment 
discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
No sale of Restricted Notes in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than U.S.$200,000 (or 
its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount and no Restricted Note will be issued in connection with 
such a sale in a smaller principal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting on behalf of others, 
each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least U.S.$200,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) of 
Restricted Global Certificates. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes and the Guarantee thereof have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except 
pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Bearer Notes, deliver such Notes: 
(i) as part of their distribution at any time; or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution, as determined by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, 
the relevant lead manager, of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons other than in offshore transactions pursuant to Regulation 
S or pursuant to Rule 144A, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and 
sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used 
in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Notes comprising any Tranche, an 
offer or sale of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with Rule 144A. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted, undertaken and agreed that neither it nor any of its affiliates (as 
defined in Rule 501(b) of Regulation D under the Securities Act), nor any person acting on its or their behalf 
has engaged or will engage in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of 
Regulation D under the Securities Act) in connection with any offer and sale of the Notes in the United States. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation 
S. Dealers may also arrange for the resale of Registered Notes to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such 
purchaser of Notes is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. The minimum aggregate principal amount of

--- Page 255 ---
238 
 
Notes which may be purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$200,000 (or the approximate 
equivalent thereof in any other currency). To the extent that the Issuer is not subject to or does not comply 
with the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or the information furnishing 
requirements of Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, the Issuer has agreed to furnish to holders of Notes and to 
prospective purchasers designated by such holders, upon request, such information as may be required by 
Rule 144A(d)(4). 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
In respect of Bearer Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms the relevant Dealer 
will be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any 
substantially identical successor U.S. Treasury Regulations section including, without limitation, 
substantially identical successor regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service 
Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment 
Act of 2010) (the "D Rules"): (i) it has not offered or sold, and during the restricted period it will 
not offer or sell, Bearer Notes to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a 
United States person; and (ii) it has not delivered and it will not deliver within the United States or 
its possessions definitive Bearer Notes that are sold during the restricted period; 
(b) 
it has and throughout the restricted period it will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to 
ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Bearer Notes are aware that 
such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, it is acquiring Bearer Notes for purposes of resale in connection with 
their original issuance and if it retains Bearer Notes for its own account, it will only do so in 
accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or 
any substantially identical successor U.S. Treasury Regulations section including, without limitation, 
substantially identical successor regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service 
Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment 
Act of 2010); 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires Bearer Notes from it for the purpose of offering or selling 
such Notes during the restricted period, it repeats and confirms the representations and agreements 
contained in subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) on such affiliate's behalf; and 
(e) 
it will obtain from any distributor (within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D)(4)(ii)) (or any substantially identical successor U.S. Treasury Regulations section 
including, without limitation, substantially identical successor regulations issued in accordance with 
Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives 
to Restore Employment Act of 2010) that purchases any Bearer Notes from it pursuant to a written 
contract with such Dealer (other than a distributor that is one of its affiliates or is another Dealer), 
for the benefit of the Issuer and each other Dealer, the representations contained in, and such 
distributor's agreement to comply with, the provisions of sub-paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) of this 
paragraph insofar as they relate to the D Rules, as if such distributor were a Dealer hereunder. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended and U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, including the D Rules. 
In respect of Bearer Notes where TEFRA C is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Dealer 
will be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any 
Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection with the original issuance of the 
Bearer Notes; and

--- Page 256 ---
239 
 
(b) 
in connection with the original issuance of the Bearer Notes it has not communicated, and will not 
communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if such prospective purchaser is 
within the United States or its possessions and will not otherwise involve the United States office of 
such Dealer in the offer and sale of the Bearer Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person 
who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State, 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation; or 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer and the Guarantor for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
any Dealer to publish a Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement 
a Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
UK. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) 
of the following: 
 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 257 ---
240 
 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in the UK: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer and the Guarantor 
for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer, the Guarantor, or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other Regulatory Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year: (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business; and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it 
is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer or the Guarantor; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not, offered or sold and that it will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to 
any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise

--- Page 258 ---
241 
 
in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws and regulations of Japan. As used in this 
paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity 
organised under the laws of Japan. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be offered, sold or publicly 
promoted or advertised by it in the United Arab Emirates other than in compliance with any laws applicable 
in the United Arab Emirates governing the issue, offering or sale of securities. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Notes to any person in the DIFC 
unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT) Module of the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the "DFSA Rulebook"); and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the "Professional Client" criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the DFSA 
Conduct of Business Module of the DFSA Rulebook. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering of 
the Notes. Any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a "Saudi Investor") who 
acquires any Notes pursuant to an offering should note that the offer of Notes is a private placement under 
Article 8 of the "Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations" as issued by the Board of the 
Capital Market Authority (the "Capital Market Authority") resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 27 
December 2017, as amended by Capital Market Authority resolution number 5-5-2022 dated 5 January 2022 
(the "KSA Regulations"), made through a capital market institution licensed to carry out arranging activities 
by the Capital Market Authority and following a notification to the Capital Market Authority under Article 
10 of the KSA Regulations. 
The Notes may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia other 
than to "institutional and qualified clients" under Article 8(a)(1) of the KSA Regulations or by way of a 
limited offer under Article 9 of the KSA Regulations. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any offer of Notes 
made by it to a Saudi Investor will be made in compliance with Article 10 and either Article 8(a)(1) or Article 
9 of the KSA Regulations. 
Each offer of Notes shall not therefore constitute a "public offer", an "exempt offer" or a "parallel market 
offer" pursuant to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market activity under 
Article 14 of the KSA Regulations. 
Kingdom of Bahrain 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes in the 
Kingdom of Bahrain except on a private placement basis to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who are 
"accredited investors". 
For this purpose, an "accredited investor" means: 
(a) 
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000 or 
more excluding that person's principal place of residence; 
(b) 
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets available 
for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or

--- Page 259 ---
242 
 
(c) 
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or a 
state organisation whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension 
fund). 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, delivered or sold, and will not offer, deliver or sell, at 
any time, directly or indirectly, any Notes in Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), except: (a) in 
compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre); and (b) 
through persons or corporate entities authorised and licensed to provide investment advice and/or engage in 
brokerage activity and/or trade in respect of foreign securities in Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). 
This Base Prospectus has not been filed with, reviewed or approved by the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar 
Financial Markets Authority, the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority or any other relevant Qatar 
governmental body or securities exchange and may not be publicly distributed in Qatar (including the Qatar 
Financial Centre). 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will 
not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any 
other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of 
the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than: (a) to an institutional investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; (b) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of 
the SFA; or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provisions of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or 
to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) 
of the SFA; or 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; or 
(iv) 
pursuant to Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.

--- Page 260 ---
243 
 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes other than: (i) to "professional investors" within the meaning of the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO") and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a prospectus as defined in the Companies 
(Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the 
"C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, in each case, and will not issue or 
have in its possession for the purposes of issue, in each case, in each case whether in Hong Kong or 
elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or 
the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if 
permitted to do so under the securities laws in Hong Kong) other than with respect to any Notes 
which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to 
"professional investors" within the meaning of the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Malaysia 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Securities Commission of Malaysia 
under the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007 of Malaysia ("CMSA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that, the Notes have not been and will not be offered, sold or delivered, and no invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase any Notes has been or will be made, directly or indirectly, nor may any document 
or other material in connection therewith be distributed in Malaysia, other than to persons falling within any 
one of the categories of persons specified under Part I of Schedule 6 or Section 229(1)(b), Part I of Schedule 
7 or Section 230(1)(b) and Schedule 8 or Section 257(3), read together with Schedule 9 or Section 257(3) of 
the CMSA, subject to any law, order, regulation or official directive of the Central Bank of Malaysia, the 
Securities Commission of Malaysia and/or any other regulatory authority from time to time. 
Residents of Malaysia may be required to obtain relevant regulatory approvals, including approval from the 
Central Bank of Malaysia to purchase the Notes. The onus is on the Malaysian residents concerned to obtain 
such regulatory approvals and none of the Dealers shall be responsible for any invitation, offer, sale or 
purchase of Notes as aforesaid without the necessary approvals being in place. 
Kuwait 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be offered, marketed and/or sold 
by it in Kuwait, except through a licensed person duly authorised to undertake such activity in Kuwait 
pursuant to Law No. 7 of 2010 Concerning the Establishment of the Capital Markets Authority and 
Regulating of Securities Activities and its executive bylaws (each as amended) (the "CML Rules") and unless 
all necessary approvals from the CMA pursuant to the CML Rules, together with the various resolutions, 
regulations, directives and instructions issued pursuant thereto or in connection therewith (regardless of 
nomenclature or type), or any other applicable law or regulation in Kuwait, have been given in respect of the 
offering, marketing and/or sale of the Notes. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or 
invest in the Notes and the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within 
the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and no application has or will be made by it to 
admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a 
prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing 
material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in 
Switzerland.

--- Page 261 ---
244 
 
 
Canada 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and agreed that the Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or 
deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as 
defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within 
the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser 
should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory 
for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
 
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government 
of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-
105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding 
underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with any offering of the Notes. 
 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable 
securities laws, regulations and directives in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or 
permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries 
and neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be 
sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions as 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the relevant subscription 
agreement.

--- Page 262 ---
245 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes thereunder have been duly authorised by a resolution of 
the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 3 August 2022 and a resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Guarantor dated 7 July 2022. The giving of the Guarantee has been duly authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors of the Guarantor dated 7 July 2022. 
Listing and admission to trading 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of a Global Note 
or Global Certificate(s) initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been made to 
Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on 
its Regulated Market. The approval of the Programme in respect of Notes is expected to be granted on or 
about 5 September 2022. Prior to the official listing and admission to trading, however, dealings will be 
permitted. Unlisted Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection 
with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on the 
Regulated Market for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, physical copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available for inspection from the registered office of the Guarantor and 
from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent for the time being in London (and on the website of the Guarantor 
at https://www.nbk.com/nbk-group/investor-relations/debt-securities.html): 
(a) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer and the Memorandum and Articles of Association (with an 
English translation thereof) of the Guarantor (as the same may be amended from time to time); 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant, the Deed Poll and the forms of the 
Global Notes, the Global Certificates, the Notes in definitive form, the Receipts, the Coupons and 
the Talons; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(d) 
any future base prospectuses, information memoranda, applicable Final Terms (save that the 
applicable Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market 
in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a Base Prospectus is required to be 
published under the EU Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of 
such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent as 
to its holding of Notes and identity) and supplements to this Base Prospectus and any other 
documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
The English language translations of the Articles of Association of the Guarantor are accurate and direct 
translations of the original foreign language documents. In the event of a discrepancy between the English 
language translation and the foreign language version, the foreign language version will prevail. 
This Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the Official List and admitted to trading 
on Euronext Dublin's regulated market will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/24183/overview). 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code, the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN), the Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) and Classification of Financial 
Instruments (CFI) code (as applicable) for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In addition, the Issuer may make an application

--- Page 263 ---
246 
 
for any Notes in registered form to be accepted for trading in book entry form by DTC. The CUSIP and/or 
CINS numbers for each Tranche of such Registered Notes, together with the relevant ISIN and (if applicable) 
common code, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional 
or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium 
and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1885 
Luxembourg. The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041, United States of America. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
Save as disclosed in "Risk Factors – Factors that may Affect the Bank's Ability to Fulfil its Obligations in 
Respect of Notes Issued under the Programme – Economic Risks – The outbreak of communicable diseases 
around the world, in particular the COVID-19 pandemic, has led to economic volatility, which may 
materially and adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations", there 
has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Group since 30 June 2022 and 
there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Group since 31 
December 2021. 
Litigation 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base 
Prospectus which may have, or have in such period had, a significant effect on the Issuer's financial position 
or profitability. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Guarantor is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base 
Prospectus which may have, or have in such period had, a significant effect on the Guarantor and/or the 
Group's financial position or profitability. 
Independent Auditors 
Since the date of its incorporation, no audited financial statements of the Issuer have been prepared. The 
Issuer is not required by the laws of the DIFC, and does not intend, to publish audited financial statements. 
The Group's appointed auditors are Ernst & Young Al Aiban, Al Osaimi & Partners ("E&Y") whose business 
address is P.O. Box 74, 18 – 21st Floor, Baitak Tower, Ahmed Al Jaber Street, Safat Square 13001, Kuwait 
and Deloitte & Touche Al Wazzan & Co. ("Deloitte") whose business address is Ahmed Al-Jaber Street, 
Sharq, Dar Al-Awadi Complex, Floors 7 & 9, P.O. Box 20174, Safat 13062, Kuwait. Each of E&Y and 
Deloitte is regulated in Kuwait by the CMA and is a registered auditor licensed to act as an auditor in Kuwait 
by the Kuwaiti Ministry of Commerce and Industry. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Group as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020 have been jointly audited by E&Y and Deloitte in accordance with International Standards 
on Auditing, as stated in their reports incorporated by reference herein. 
Dealers Transacting with the Issuer and the Guarantor 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer, the Guarantor and their 
respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. They have received, or may in the future receive, 
customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) 
and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their

--- Page 264 ---
247 
 
customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and their affiliates. The Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive allocations of Notes (subject 
to customary closing conditions), which could affect future trading of the Notes. Certain of the Dealers or 
their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates consistent with their customary 
risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Guarantor's Website 
The Guarantor's website is https://www.nbk.com. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus, the information contained on this website is not incorporated by reference into, or 
otherwise included in, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 265 ---
ISSUER 
NBK SPC Limited 
c/o Maples Fund Services (Middle East) Limited 
Unit C1407, Level 14, Burj Daman 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Dubai, 506734 
United Arab Emirates  
GUARANTOR 
National Bank of Kuwait S.A.K.P. 
NBK Tower 
Jaber Al-Mubarak and Al-Shuhada St., Block 7, Plot 6 
P.O. Box 95 
Safat, 13001 Kuwait 
FISCAL AGENT, TRANSFER AGENT, EXCHANGE AGENT AND REGISTRAR 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer and Guarantor 
as to English law and DIFC law 
To the Issuer and Guarantor as to United States 
law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
11th Floor, Burj Daman Building 
Al Mustaqbal Street 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 506678, Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
To the Guarantor as to Kuwaiti law 
ASAR – Al Ruwayeh & Partners 
Gate 1, 3rd Floor Salhiya Complex 
P. O. Box 447 
Safat 13005 
Kuwait 
To the Arrangers and Dealers as to English law 
and Dubai International Financial Centre law 
To the Arrangers and Dealers as to United States 
law 
CC Worldwide Limited 
Level 15, Burj Daman 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 9380, Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
To the Arrangers and Dealers as to Kuwaiti law 
International Counsel Bureau 
Al Hamra Business Tower 
58th Floor, Al Sharq 
P.O. Box 20941 
Safat 13070, Kuwait

--- Page 266 ---
AUDITORS 
To the Guarantor 
Deloitte & Touche Al Wazzan & Co. 
Ahmed Al-Jaber Street, Sharq 
Dar Al-Awadi Complex, Floors 7 & 9 
P. O. Box 20174, Safat 13062 
Kuwait 
Ernst & Young Al Aiban, Al Osaimi & 
Partners 
P. O. Box 74, 
18-21st Floor, Baitak Tower 
Ahmed Al-Jaber Street 
Safat Square 13001 
Kuwait 
ARRANGERS  
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom  
Watani Investment Co. K.S.C.C. 
Floor 35, NBK Tower 
Plot 6 
Jaber Al-Mubarak & Al-Shuhada St., Block 7 
Sharq, Kuwait 
P.O. Box 4950, Safat 13050 
State of Kuwait 
 
DEALERS 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Emirates NBD Bank P.J.S.C. 
c/o Emirates NBD Capital Limited 
Gate Building West Wing, Level 12 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 506710 
Dubai, United Arab Emirates 
 
First Abu Dhabi Bank P.J.S.C. 
One FAB Tower 
Sheikh Khalifa Street 
P.O. Box 4 
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
 
Standard Chartered Bank 
7th Floor, Building One 
Gate Precinct 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 999, Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Watani Investment Co. K.S.C.C. 
Floor 35, NBK Tower 
Plot 6 
Jaber Al-Mubarak & Al-Shuhada St., Block 7 
Sharq, Kuwait 
P.O. Box 4950, Safat 13050 
State of Kuwait

--- Page 267 ---
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland