--- Page 1 ---
NE PROPERTY B.V. 
(incorporated as a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) under the laws of The Netherlands, registration number 34285470) 
EUR 4,000,000,000 
GUARANTEED EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME 
guaranteed by 
NEPI ROCKCASTLE N.V. 
(incorporated as a public company with limited liability (naamloze vennootschap) under the laws of The Netherlands, registration number 87488329) 
Under the Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the "Programme"), NE Property B.V. 
(the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium 
Term Notes guaranteed by NEPI ROCKCASTLE N.V. (the "Guarantee" and the "Guarantor", respectively) (the "Notes"). The 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 4,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes issued under the 
Programme within twelve months after the date hereof. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any 
Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation for 12 months from its date. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. Application will be 
made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Notes (other than Exempt Notes (as 
defined below)) issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to 
the official list (the "Official List") of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin (the "Regulated 
Market"). The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of 
the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "EU MiFID II"). The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on 
the basis that they may be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by the Bucharest Stock Exchange as may be agreed with the 
Issuer. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the EEA (as defined below) and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an 
exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt 
Notes" are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published for any purpose under the EU Prospectus Regulation. Exempt 
Notes do not form part of this Base Prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and the Central Bank of Ireland has 
neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. The information in 
relation to Exempt Notes contained herein may not include the type, level and detail of disclosure as required by the EU Prospectus 
Regulation or other legislation and any investor who acquires Exempt Notes will not have any recourse to the Issuer pursuant to any 
EU Prospectus Regulation related liability regime. Exempt Notes may be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any relevant 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further relevant 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems, as may be agreed with the Issuer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Exempt 
Notes and/or Exempt Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
In the case of Exempt Notes, the aggregate principal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of such Notes, the issue 
price of such Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined below) will be set out in a pricing 
supplement (the "Pricing Supplement"). In the case of Exempt Notes, references herein to "Final Terms" shall be deemed to be 
references to a "Pricing Supplement", so far as the context admits. 
Each Series (as defined in "Overview of the Programme – Method of Issue") of Notes in bearer form will be represented on issue by 
a temporary global note in bearer form (each a "temporary Global Note") or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a 
"permanent Global Note" and each of the temporary Global Notes and permanent Global Notes, a "Global Note"). If the Global 
Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, the Global Notes will be delivered on 
or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). Notes in registered form will be represented 
by registered certificates (each a "Certificate"), one Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder's entire holding of 
Registered Notes of one Series. Registered Notes issued in global form will be represented by registered global certificates ("Global 
Certificates"). If a Global Certificate is held under the New Safekeeping Structure (the "NSS") the Global Certificate will be delivered 
on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Global Notes which are not issued in NGN form ("CGNs") and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS will be deposited 
on the issue date of the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the 
"Common Depositary"). The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive 
Notes are described in "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form".

--- Page 2 ---
The Programme has been rated BBB by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and BBB+ by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
("Fitch"). S&P and Fitch are established in the EU and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the 
"EU CRA Regulation"). The rating S&P has given to the Programme is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited which is 
established in the United Kingdom ("UK") and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The rating Fitch has 
given to the Programme is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, which is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.  
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any 
Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("EU Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION - Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to 
certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as 
amended, the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included 
in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The registration 
status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable 
law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) to reflect any change 
in the registration status of the administrator. 
 
Arranger for the Programme 
 
CITIGROUP 
 
Dealers 
 
CITIGROUP 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
HSBC 
ING 
J.P. MORGAN 
RAIFFEISEN BANK INTERNATIONAL 
 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE 
CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
UNICREDIT BANK AG 
Base Prospectus dated 6 July 2023

--- Page 3 ---
- i - 
 
 
This document comprises a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. For the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Guarantor 
and its consolidated subsidiaries (which includes the Issuer) taken as a whole (the "Group") this Base 
Prospectus when read together with the relevant Notes shall contain all necessary information which, 
according to the particular nature of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Notes, is material to an investor for 
making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and 
prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantor, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance 
and its impact on the Issuer. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer and the Guarantor the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its 
import. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated by reference 
herein (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of the Dealers, the Arranger or the Trustee (as defined in "Overview of the Programme"). 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme with a minimum denomination of less than EUR 100,000 
(or the equivalent in any other currencies as at the date of issue of any Notes). Subject thereto, Notes will 
be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory requirements. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
The Notes and the guarantee thereof have not been and will not be registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes and the guarantee thereof may not be offered, sold or (in 
the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")). For a description of certain restrictions on offers 
and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale". 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers, the Arranger or the Trustee accept any 
responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be 
made by the Arranger, a Dealer or the Trustee or on their behalf in connection with the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger, each Dealer and the Trustee accordingly disclaim all 
and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might 
otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not 
be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger, the Dealers or the 
Trustee that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any financial statements should purchase the Notes. 
Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems

--- Page 4 ---
- ii - 
 
 
necessary. None of the Dealers, the Arranger or the Trustee undertakes to review the financial condition or 
affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the 
attention of any of the Dealers, the Arranger or the Trustee. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may 
over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level 
higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the 
offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date 
of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to a 
"member state" are references to a member state of the EEA, references to "EUR", "€" and "euro" are to 
the lawful currency of the participating member states in the third stage of the Economic and Monetary 
Union of the Treaty establishing the European community, and all references to "GBP" are to the lawful 
currency of the UK. 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. The words "anticipate", "believe", 
"expect", "plan", "intend", "targets", "aims", "estimate", "project", "will", "would", "may", "could", 
"continue" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements 
other than statements of historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those 
regarding the financial position, business strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations 
of the Issuer and the Guarantor are forward looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve 
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the Issuer's or the Guarantor's 
actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from those 
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on 
numerous assumptions regarding the Issuer's and the Guarantor's present and future business strategies and 
the environment in which they expect to operate in the future. Important factors that could cause their actual 
results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements 
include, among other factors described in this Base Prospectus: 
• 
their ability to realise the benefits they expect from existing and future investments in their existing 
operations and pending expansion and development projects; 
• 
their ability to integrate their newly-acquired operations and any future expansion of their business; 
• 
their ability to obtain requisite governmental or regulatory approvals to undertake planned or proposed 
development projects; 
• 
their ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund their existing and future 
operations; 
• 
changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in which they and their 
customers operate, as well as the impact from geopolitical events such as the war in Ukraine; 
• 
changes in the competitive environment in which they and their customers operate; 
• 
failure to comply with regulations applicable to their business; or  
• 
fluctuations in the currency exchange rates in the markets in which they operate.   
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, 
but are not limited to, those discussed under "Risk Factors". Any forward-looking statements made by or 
on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor speak only as at the date they are made. Neither the Issuer nor the 
Guarantor undertakes to update forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in their expectations

--- Page 5 ---
- iii - 
 
 
with regard thereto or any changes in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is 
based. 
Any information sourced from third parties contained in this Base Prospectus has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer and the Guarantor are aware and are able to ascertain from information 
published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
The Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased by investors as a way 
to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of 
its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including where the currency for principal and interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Tranches of Notes (as defined in "Overview of the Programme – Method of Issue") to be issued under the 
Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating assigned to the Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the 
applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied 
for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless it is (1) endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation. Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not  issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation unless it is (1) endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
UK but which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Prospective investors should have 
regard to the factors described under the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 6 ---
- iv - 
 
 
Notes issued as Green Bonds  
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental or sustainability assessment 
of any Notes issued as green bonds ("Green Bonds") or makes any representation or warranty or gives any 
assurance that such Green Bonds will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such 
"green", "sustainable" or similar labels (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called "EU Taxonomy") or Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA")). None of the Dealers has undertaken, or is responsible for, the 
application, impact or monitoring of the use or allocation of proceeds of any Green Bonds or any assessment 
of the Eligible Green Projects (as defined in "Use of Proceeds"). 
In addition none of the Dealers has undertaken, or is responsible for, any assessment of the Group's Green 
Finance Framework (as defined in "Use of Proceeds"), including the assessment of the applicable eligibility 
criteria in relation to Green Bonds set out in therein. The Second Party Opinion (as defined in "Use of 
Proceeds") provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is not intended to 
address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without limitation 
market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. The Second Party Opinion is 
a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to 
the suitability or reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any opinion or certification of any third party 
made available in connection with an issue of Green Bonds. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or 
oversight. The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is not, nor should be 
deemed to be, a recommendation by the Dealers, or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes and is 
current only as of the date it is issued. The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the Second 
Party Opinion or any such other opinion or certification may change at any time and the Second Party 
Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained 
therein. The Group's Green Finance Framework may also be subject to review and change and may be 
amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent 
version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. The Group's Green Finance 
Framework, the Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification do not form part of, nor 
are incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus. 
In the event any Notes issued as Green Bonds are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a 
dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or 
securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission 
satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which an 
investor or its investments are required, or intend, to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the 
criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market 
to another. No representation or assurance is given or made by the Dealers that any such listing or admission 
to trading will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
Product Governance under Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
EU MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include 
a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
Product Governance under UK MiFIR

--- Page 7 ---
- v - 
 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include 
a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
Canada 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) 
of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must 
be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable securities laws.  
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies 
for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province 
or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal adviser.

--- Page 8 ---
- vi - 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 6 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES .................................................................................... 37 
SUPPLEMENTARY BASE PROSPECTUS ............................................................................................. 38 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................. 39 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 46 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 48 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............... 89 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 94 
INTRODUCTION TO THE GUARANTOR AND THE GROUP ............................................................ 95 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR ................................................................................................. 97 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER............................................................................................................. 98 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP'S OPERATIONAL ACTIVITIES ...................................................... 99 
DIRECTORS OF THE GUARANTOR AND GROUP EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT ...................... 112 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS .................................................................................................................... 116 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 117 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 121 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................... 125 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT ..................................................................................................... 141 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 157

--- Page 9 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
Issuer: 
NE Property B.V. 
Guarantor: 
NEPI Rockcastle N.V. 
Description: 
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Size: 
Up to EUR 4,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at 
the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at 
any one time. 
Arranger: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Dealers: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG  
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
HSBC Continental Europe  
ING Bank N.V. 
J.P. Morgan S.E. 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG  
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole 
Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to "Permanent 
Dealers" are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) 
and references to "Dealers" are to all Permanent Dealers and all 
persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Trustee: 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited  
Issuing and Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or 
more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other 
than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each 
Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of 
that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") 
on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each 
Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, with the 
relevant terms and conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, 
issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the 
Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same 
Series) will be completed in the final terms (the "Final Terms"). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount.

--- Page 10 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or in 
registered form ("Registered Notes") only. Each Tranche of Bearer 
Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary Global Note if (i) 
definitive Notes are to be made available to Noteholders following 
the expiry of 40 days after their issue date or (ii) such Notes have an 
initial maturity of more than one year and are being issued in 
compliance with the TEFRA D (as defined in "Selling Restrictions" 
below), otherwise such Tranche will be represented by a permanent 
Global Note. Registered Notes will be represented by Certificates, 
one Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder's entire 
holding of Registered Notes of one Series. Certificates representing 
Registered Notes that are registered in the name of a nominee for one 
or more clearing systems are referred to as "Global Certificates". 
Clearing Systems: 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any Tranche, 
such other clearing system as may be agreed between the Issuer, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant Global 
Note is a NGN or the relevant Global Certificate is held under the 
NSS, the Global Note or Global Certificate will be delivered to a 
Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant Global 
Note is a CGN or the relevant Global Certificate is not held under the 
NSS, the Global Note representing Bearer Notes or the Global 
Certificate representing Registered Notes may be deposited with a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Global Notes or Global Certificates may also be deposited with any 
other clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing 
system provided that the method of such delivery has been agreed 
in advance by the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee 
and the relevant Dealer. Registered Notes that are to be credited to 
one or more clearing systems on issue will be registered in the name 
of nominees or a common nominee for such clearing systems. 
Terms and Conditions 
The Notes of each Series (other than Exempt Notes) are subject to 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
In the case of Exempt Notes only, the Notes of each Series are subject 
to the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" as supplemented, 
replaced or modified by the terms of the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealers. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity between one month and 30 years. 
Specified Denomination: 
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, and 
save that (i) no Notes may be issued with a minimum denomination 
of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at 
the date of issue of the Notes); and (ii) unless otherwise permitted by 
then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes 
denominated in sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year

--- Page 11 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
Issuer in the UK or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention 
of section 19 of the FSMA will have a minimum denomination of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Interest:  
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or a combination 
thereof and the method of calculating interest may vary between the 
issue date and the maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or the latest version of ISDA 
2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each 
Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor thereto), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, each as published by 
ISDA 
(or 
any 
successor) 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series; or 
 
(ii) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes") may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount to it 
and will not bear interest. 
Step Up Rating Adjustment: 
If Step Up Rating Adjustment is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and, prior to an Interest Payment Date, a Rate 
of Interest Step Up Trigger occurs, then each Note shall bear interest 
on its outstanding principal amount at the rate per annum equal to the 
Rate of Interest plus the Step Up Rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". The Final 
Terms issued in respect of each issue of interest-bearing Notes will 
specify the relevant interest periods and interest rate(s). 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by then current laws 
and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) 
which have a maturity of less than one year and in respect of which 
the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the UK or whose 
issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the

--- Page 12 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
FSMA must have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at 
the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the holders, 
and if so the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Status of Notes: 
The Notes constitute direct, general and unconditional obligations of 
the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves 
and at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, save for certain obligations preferred by law 
and subject to the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Negative 
Pledge". 
Status of Guarantee 
The guarantee of the Notes constitutes direct, general and 
unconditional obligations of the Guarantor which will at all times 
rank at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured 
obligations of the Guarantor, save for such obligations as may be 
preferred by provisions of law and subject to the "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Negative Pledge". 
Negative Pledge: 
See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Negative Pledge". 
Cross Default/Cross-acceleration of 
Issuer, Guarantor or Material 
Subsidiary: 
See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Events of Default". 
Ratings: 
The Programme has been rated BBB by S&P and BBB+ by Fitch. 
 
Tranches of Notes will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes 
is to be rated, such rating will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be 
made free and clear of withholding taxes of any Tax Jurisdiction (as 
defined in Condition 9 of the Notes), unless the withholding is 
required by law. In such event, the Issuer or the Guarantor shall, 
subject to customary exceptions, pay such additional amounts as 
shall result in receipt by the Noteholder and Couponholder of such 
amounts as would have been received by it had no such withholding 
been required, all as described in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– Taxation". 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection therewith will be governed by English law. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to list Notes issued under the Programme 
(other than Exempt Notes) on the Official List and to admit them to 
trading on the Regulated Market.  
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets (including the Bucharest 
Stock Exchange) agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
in relation to the relevant Series of Notes. Exempt Notes which are 
neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be 
issued.

--- Page 13 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchanges and/or markets.  
Redenomination, Renominalisation 
and/or Consolidation 
Notes denominated in a currency of a country that subsequently 
participates in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary 
Union may be subject to redenomination, renominalisation and/or 
consolidation with other Notes then denominated in euro. The 
provisions applicable to any such redenomination, renominalisation 
and/or consolidation will be as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Selling Restrictions: 
The United States, the EEA, the UK, the Netherlands, Japan and the 
Republic of Italy. See "Subscription and Sale". 
 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are Category 2 for the purposes of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act, as amended. 
 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form 
that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code")) ("TEFRA D"), 
unless (i) the relevant Final Terms states that Notes are issued in 
compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any 
successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for 
purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) ("TEFRA C") or (ii) the Notes 
are issued other than in compliance with TEFRA D or TEFRA C but 
in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute "registration 
required obligations" under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which circumstances will be 
referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which 
TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 14 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Investing in the Notes involves certain risks. The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the following factors 
represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the Notes, but the Issuer and the Guarantor may be unable 
to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Notes for other reasons and neither the 
Issuer nor the Guarantor represent that the statements below regarding the risks of investing in and holding the 
Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference in, and forming part of, this Base 
Prospectus), make such inquiries in relation to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Notes as they think appropriate 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS RELATING TO THE GROUP 
An investment in the Notes involves a high degree of risk. Before purchasing the Notes, prospective investors 
should consider carefully the specific risk factors set forth below, as well as the other information contained 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Any of the risks described below could have a material adverse impact on the 
Group's business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition and could therefore have a negative 
effect on the trading price of the Notes and the Issuer's ability to pay all or part of the interest or principal on the 
Notes. 
Additional risks not currently known to the Issuer or that the Issuer deems immaterial at the date of this Base 
Prospectus may also harm the Group. Prospective investors should be aware that the value of the Notes and any 
income therefrom may decrease and that investors may not be able to realise their initial investment. 
Risks Relating to Macroeconomic Conditions 
Geopolitical and other macroeconomic risks, including Russian military action against Ukraine 
Due to the Group’s involvement in different geographies and markets, the Issuer and the Guarantor are exposed 
to geopolitical and other macroeconomic risks, including (but not limited to) (i) fluctuations in public share prices, 
credit spreads, interest rates, currency exchange rates and inflation rates, (ii) economic uncertainty, including 
uncertainties resulting from geopolitical conflicts such as the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and 
(iii) the overall geopolitical environment, including acts of war, terrorist attacks, security operations and 
international sanctions. Future market conditions in the different geographies where the Group operates may be 
less favourable compared to current and/or historical market conditions, which could adversely affect the Group’s 
business.  
The international macroeconomic situation is currently characterised by material uncertainty due to – inter alia – 
increased levels of debt and inflation in the market, the ongoing military conflict in Ukraine, increasing energy 
prices, interest rates and inflation as well as supply-chain constraints. These macroeconomic conditions have had 
– and if continued or further worsened may continue to have – a material adverse effect on the international 
financial and capital markets. The main business risks for the Group due to this development relate to reduced 
access to financing through the capital markets, increasing and fluctuating energy prices, disruptions and delays 
to supplies as well as increases in the price of raw materials, which may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operation.  
In February 2022, Russian military forces launched a military action against Ukraine. The military conflict 
represents a source of high uncertainty in the global credit markets, commodity markets and the global economy. 
The military conflict has caused, and may continue to cause, a distortion of the global energy markets and supply 
chains leading to – inter alia – significant further increases in energy and metal prices. Although the length, impact 
and outcome of the ongoing military conflict is unpredictable, there is a risk that it could last for a long period of 
time and lead to further significant market disruptions, including volatility in electricity prices, commodity prices, 
credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions and deteriorating financing conditions.  
The degree to which geopolitical and other macroeconomic factors may affect the Group is uncertain and presents 
a significant risk for the Group’s present and future business activities, financial condition and results of operations. 
The ongoing uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets may adversely affect the Group's operations 
Global financial markets continue to experience disruptions, including increased volatility and diminished 
liquidity and credit availability. Concerns about credit risk (including that of sovereigns) have increased recently, 
especially with the presence of significant sovereign debts and/or fiscal deficits in a number of European countries

--- Page 15 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
and the United States, and the turbulence in the banking sector that emerged in early 2023. This has raised concerns 
regarding the financial condition of financial institutions and other corporates located in these countries, having 
direct or indirect exposure to these countries, and/or whose banks, customers, service providers, sources of 
funding and/or suppliers have direct or indirect exposure to these countries. The default, or a significant decline 
in the credit rating, of one or more sovereigns or financial institutions could cause severe stress in the financial 
system generally and could adversely affect the markets in which the Group operates and the businesses and 
economic condition and prospects of the Group's counterparties or tenants, directly or indirectly, in ways which 
are difficult to predict. This could, in turn, impact the level of rental income earned by, and the terms of financing 
available to, the Group. The impact of these conditions could be detrimental to the Group and could adversely 
affect its business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects; its solvency and the solvency of its 
counterparties and tenants; the value and liquidity of its assets and liabilities; the value and liquidity of the Notes 
and/or the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their obligations under the Notes and under their debt 
obligations more generally. 
The recent turbulence experienced by regional banks in the United States, specifically Silicon Valley Bank and 
more recently First Republic Bank as well as Credit Suisse, has shed light on potential vulnerabilities within the 
banking system that could have a systemic impact, potentially affecting banks in other countries as well. These 
aforementioned banks have witnessed instances of modern bank runs, which, in the digital era, can occur within 
a matter of days due to public panic triggered by information regarding a disparity between the banks' short-term 
liabilities (i.e. deposits subject to withdrawals) and their assets (i.e. long-dated treasuries or mortgage-backed 
securities with extended maturity dates), which were devalued following interest rate hikes. To safeguard 
depositors and restore confidence in the banking system, authorities have thus far intervened to prevent the failure 
of these banks. Given the nature of the Group's business, the Issuer and the Group currently maintain substantial 
cash deposits in various international and Central and Eastern Europe ("CEE") regional banks. These cash 
holdings surpass any potentially insured amounts. In the event of banking failures, should authorities in the 
countries where the Group operates choose not to fully support depositors, the Group may incur losses. 
Negative economic developments and conditions in Europe may affect the Group's operations and tenants, as 
well as the prices of real estate generally in the market and the value of the Group's real estate 
The European economies in which the Group operates, and the economies in which its tenants and business 
partners operate, have been adversely affected by the uncertain global economic and financial market conditions. 
This may impact the Group in terms of access to and cost of funding, as well as impacting the general economy. 
An economic slowdown or a recession, regardless of its depth, or any other negative economic developments in 
the Group’s principal countries of operation and involvement may affect the Group's business in a number of 
ways, including, among other things, the income, liquidity, business and/or financial condition of the Group, its 
tenants and other business partners. The value of the real estate property owned by the Group may decrease, and 
the Group may not be able to adapt to any long-term economic recession or stagnation. The Group may also 
experience increased defaults on rent payments as a result of negative economic developments globally.  
Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
High inflation may affect the Group’s business, financial condition and result of operations 
The rise of inflation in markets where the Group operates has resulted in an increase in the cost of goods and 
services, raw materials and utilities, among other things. These increases are likely to have a negative impact on 
the real estate sector in general and, as a result thereof, may have an effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. See "Risk Factors – Increasing refurbishment and maintenance costs, without 
a corresponding increase in rental income, may result in a decreased profit margin or increased rents and thus 
decreased demand for properties". 
Furthermore, a negative macroeconomic outlook with high inflation —especially its consequences on the labour 
market and purchasing power—is likely to result in lower footfall and retailer sales in the Group’s shopping 
centres. This could diminish the Group’s ability to increase rents on renewal of leases and may require the Group 
to grant temporary rent relief to alleviate occupancy costs. Variable rental income, based on retailer sales, would 
also be automatically reduced.  
The diversified nature of Group’s portfolio, with more than 50 assets across 9 CEE countries and thousands of 
tenants from across the retail industry spectrum, mitigates risks associated with adverse changes in 
macroeconomic conditions (inflation, increased costs). Rents paid by the top ten tenants represented just 24.8%

--- Page 16 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
of the Group’ revenues in the year ended 31 December 2022. Furthermore, the annual rent indexation mechanism 
(HICP EU27), which is used by the Group in all of its leases with its tenants, provides the Group with an economic 
hedge against inflation. The Group’s main tenants are leading companies in their sectors and all tenants are subject 
to a financial review before signing leases with the Group and must provide guarantees or advance deposits where 
appropriate. The use of long-term leases with a high proportion of minimum guaranteed rents provides a stable 
rental income, with only a minority of early exit clauses activated by tenants in recent years. On top of monthly 
reviews of occupancy cost ratios, the Group regularly consults retailers to gain insight into their performance and 
assess their financial robustness. On a case-by-case basis, the Group offers to align their retail format with their 
positioning, development plans and ability to pay rents. Asset performance is regularly monitored by asset 
managers and individual business plans are updated annually for all the shopping malls. Nevertheless, should 
inflationary pressure continue over a longer period, it could lead to negative outcomes such as retailers defaulting 
on their rental obligations and closing certain stores which would result in decreasing the rental revenue and 
collection rate at the level of the Group’s shopping centres. Falling rental income and higher vacancy rates could 
negatively impact the Group’s asset values and attractiveness on the investment market. 
Furthermore, financing conditions were tightened since the beginning of 2022, with several interest rate hikes by 
the European Central Bank. Designed to ease inflationary pressures, this policy marks a change from the ultra-
low interest rate environment of the past decade and could ultimately weigh on the outlook while raising the 
prospect of recession.  
Rising inflation combined with other negative market conditions may affect the Group’s financial condition in 
general, which may have an effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Price fluctuations and changes in availability of raw materials, components and services may affect the 
Group’s business 
The Group requires raw materials, components and services for its pipeline related to development and extension 
of its planned projects. The prices and availability of raw materials, components and services fluctuate depending 
on – inter alia – local and international supply and demand, inflation, fuel costs and transportation costs. Metal 
(including steel and copper) is a principal raw material of the Group’s developments. Accordingly, an increase in 
the price of metal or other raw materials, components or services could increase the costs and may reduce the 
profitability of the Group. Volatility in the market price of metal and other commodities may result from many 
factors that are beyond the Group’s control, including uncertainties resulting from geopolitical conflicts such as 
the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine which has resulted in an increased volatility in commodity prices. 
The Group generally does not engage in hedging transactions to manage such commodity price risks, but, as a 
general rule, enters into fixed price contracts when ordering components for projects going into construction. 
Increases in electricity and heating prices, potential electricity supply disruptions and outages, and failure to 
hedge against price fluctuations can have an adverse effect on the Group’s operations 
Increases in electricity and heating prices may have a material impact on the Group’s cost levels and thus on its 
financial condition and results of operations. In addition, possible energy supply difficulties or power outages 
resulting from insufficient energy production in relation to increased demand may significantly hamper the 
Group’s operations by increasing construction and operating costs and posing challenges to timely completion of 
projects. 
To a certain extent, it is possible to hedge against risks associated with electricity price fluctuations, for example 
through derivatives or electricity purchase agreements. The Group generally does not engage in hedging 
transactions through derivatives to manage the cost of energy but enters into longer dated electricity purchase 
agreements. From autumn 2022 onwards, there have also been public predictions of potentially imminent energy 
shortages in the EU. In addition, the volatility of electricity prices has led to a sharp increase in additional collateral 
requirements in the energy derivatives market. These developments could also lead to changes in the regulation 
concerning energy production and energy sources, which could in turn contribute to higher energy costs. 
Moreover, there can be no certainty that the Group would succeed in hedging against fluctuations in electricity 
prices at all in the future (should it choose to seek to do so). Increases in electricity prices and possible blackouts 
or disruptions in electricity supply may, therefore, increase the operating expenses of the Group and reduce the 
Group's profitability. Any of these factors, if realised, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Risks relating to the Group's business and industry

--- Page 17 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
The Group's capital expenditure and other construction, development and maintenance costs may be higher 
than expected 
The Group's investment and development programme entails significant planned expenditures. In addition, the 
Group will continue to undertake construction and development work on an ongoing basis with respect to its real 
estate assets to meet legal and market requirements and not all of such operating expenses may be passed on to 
the tenants. The Group is subject to a number of construction, operating and other risks relating to the completion 
of its investment and development of real estate programmes that are beyond its control. These include shortages 
of, increases in, and/or price inflation in respect of (as applicable), the following: materials, equipment and labour, 
contractors' insolvency or bankruptcy, adverse weather conditions, accidents, unexpected delays and other 
unforeseen circumstances, any of which could result in costs that are materially higher than initially estimated by 
the Group. These risks are exacerbated by the negative economic developments and conditions in Europe and the 
geopolitical conflicts such as the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine which has resulted in an increased 
volatility in commodity prices. Furthermore, the inability to complete the construction and leasing of a property 
on schedule may result in increased construction or renovation costs which may result in the termination of an 
existing investment agreement and further result in claims by third parties for damages and termination of 
respective leases. 
For large refurbishment or development projects, costs related to securing property, obtaining planning, 
demolition and/or construction or other required consents, dealing with counterparties and obtaining approvals 
and consents (both from third parties and regulators) can be significant and time consuming. There is also a risk 
that planning or permitted use consents are not obtained, are delayed, are subject to uneconomic or unfavourable 
conditions or, once received, may be challenged. The Group may delay or abandon refurbishment or development 
opportunities that it has started to pursue and consequently fail to recover costs already incurred. In some cases, 
the refurbishment or development of properties may be subject to revaluation losses due to, for example, the 
Group's determination that a given refurbishment or development property is not likely to yield a desired level of 
net rental income or occupancy. Other write-offs relating to abandoned refurbishment or development 
opportunities, or revaluation losses resulting from changes in the value of a refurbishment or development 
properties, may occur in the future. Moreover, construction defects on completed or ongoing developments may 
lead to property and personal damages which affect the Group and the developments themselves. 
Laws in relevant jurisdictions impacting the Group may be introduced that may be applied retrospectively and 
affect existing building consents which would restrict development in the Group's target geographies. This could 
negatively affect the Group's ability to complete a development and refurbishment programme on schedule or 
within the estimated budget. Even if the Group is successful in implementing a project, the Group may not see a 
return on its investments due to unforeseen costs. Any failure by the Group to complete an investment and 
development programme or to otherwise undertake appropriate construction or refurbishment work could 
adversely affect the rental revenue earned from the affected real estate, impacting the Group's business, financial 
condition, prospects and results of operations. 
The Group is exposed to certain risks relating to real estate investments 
Investing in real estate is generally subject to various risks, including the following: adverse changes in national 
or international economic conditions (as detailed in "Retail and office developments are susceptible to the risk of 
competition and fluctuations in the economy"); adverse local market conditions; the financial conditions of the 
retail sector (including tenants, buyers and sellers of real estate) (as detailed in "The Group is subject to the 
counterparty risk of its tenants"); the availability of debt and equity financing (as detailed in "The Group may be 
unable to raise the financing that it requires or refinance existing debt at maturity"); changes in interest rates, real 
estate tax rates and other operating expenses (as detailed in "The Group is exposed to interest rate risks, the risk 
of loss and counterparty risk during hedging transactions"); environmental and operational laws and regulations, 
planning laws and other governmental rules and fiscal policies; environmental claims arising in respect of 
properties acquired with undisclosed or unknown environmental problems or as to which inadequate reserves had 
been established (as detailed in "The Group may become involved in disputes in relation to its property rights and 
permits may have been obtained in breach of applicable laws"); energy and utilities prices (fluctuations in the 
prices of utilities and energy will impact operational costs, being reflected in tenants' costs and the Group might 
not be in the position to fully recuperate such - see also “Increases in electricity and heating prices, potential 
electricity supply disruptions and outages, and failure to hedge against price fluctuations can have an adverse 
effect on the Group’s operations”); ownership restitution risks, property ownership uncertainty and related 
litigation (as detailed in "There is a general risk of restitution in CEE, with an emphasis on Romania, and the 
Group may become involved in other disputes in relation to its property rights"); changes in the relative popularity 
of real estate types and locations leading to an oversupply of space or a reduction in demand for a particular type

--- Page 18 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
of real estate in a given market (as detailed in "The Group is exposed to risks regarding development projects"); 
and risks and operating problems arising out of the possible lack of availability of certain construction materials 
(as detailed in "The Group is exposed to risks regarding development projects"). These factors could cause 
fluctuations in rental income or operating expenses and occupancy rates which in turn would have a negative 
effect on the operating returns derived from, and the value of, properties. The value of properties may also be 
significantly diminished in the event of a downturn in real estate prices or the occurrence of any of the other 
factors mentioned above. Such a decrease in value or decrease in rental income or the increase in operating 
expenses would have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and results 
of operations. 
The Group may not successfully integrate recent or future acquisitions or realise synergies from such 
acquisitions and may not be able to manage growth successfully 
The Group has a history of making strategic acquisitions. As part of its strategy, the Group may continue to pursue 
acquisitions, investments, divestitures or strategic alliances, which may not be completed or, if completed, may 
not ultimately benefit the Group.  
A number of risks arise from such acquisitions, including: failure to complete a transaction that has been 
announced; failure to manage existing businesses while integrating acquired operations due to significant demands 
on its management and other resources; failure to achieve anticipated cost savings and synergies as a result of 
acquisitions; and management of acquisitions will require continued development of financial controls and 
information systems, which may prove to be expensive, time-consuming and difficult to maintain. Moreover the 
acquired assets may not perform as anticipated in the acquisition process. 
The Group structure is complex, comprising entities in an increased number of different jurisdictions, a variety of 
properties and a wide range of financing instruments to maintain and expand the Group's operations, all of which 
potentially can give rise to risk of management and controlling errors which in turn could have a material adverse 
effect on the business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations of the Group. There can be no 
assurance that the Group will not experience issues such as capital constraints, delays relating to regulatory and 
contractual compliance obligations, operational difficulties at new or existing locations, difficulties in integrating 
new acquisitions into the Group's existing business and operations and managing the training of an increasing 
number of personnel to manage and operate the expanded business. Challenges the Group may face in future 
growth include continuing to improve its managerial, technical and operational knowledge, implementing an 
effective management information system, continuing to recruit and train managerial and other professional staff 
to satisfy its business requirements, obtaining sufficient financial resources to fund its ongoing operations and its 
future growth, managing relationships with a greater number of tenants, suppliers, contractors, lenders and other 
third parties, and strengthening its internal control and compliance functions to ensure that the Group is able to 
comply with its regulatory and contractual obligations. If the Group is unable to successfully manage the impact 
of its growth on its operational and managerial resources and control systems, it may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
The real estate sector is susceptible to fraud 
Certain activities in the real estate sector have, from time to time, been subject to allegations of embezzlement of 
cash in connection with arranging large scale real estate transactions. Although the Group is currently not aware 
of any such fraud taking place within its business and has taken precautionary measures to reduce the risk as much 
as possible, it may become the target of fraud or other illicit behaviour in any of the markets in which it operates. 
This may have a material adverse effect on the Group's reputation which in turn may affect the Group's business, 
financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
The Group is exposed to risks related to the safety of consumers and tenants in shopping centres and other 
properties, including acts of terrorism and violence 
The Group promotes the security and safety of consumers and tenants in its properties. However, due to high 
visibility and the presence of large numbers of people, the Group's properties may be targets for terrorism and 
other forms of violence. Any terror or violent attack on a property of the Group or a similar property owned by 
someone else may harm the operations and general condition of its tenants and, in addition to causing financial 
and operational losses, may directly or indirectly affect the value of its properties and its development land. 
Terrorist activities and threats can stop business operations temporarily or permanently, can cause declining visitor 
numbers to the affected properties and may substantially impede a tenant's business.

--- Page 19 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
The occurrence of any such event, could lower consumer confidence and spending in the Group's retail centres or 
increase volatility and uncertainty in the worldwide financial markets and economy, particularly in the event that 
there are further terrorist attacks across the globe. Adverse economic conditions resulting from these types of 
events could reduce demand for space in the Group's properties and thereby reduce the value of these properties 
and rental income and as a result could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, prospects 
and results of operations. 
The Group is exposed to risks related to the modernisation and maintenance of its properties 
In order to sustain demand for its properties and to generate adequate revenue in the long term, the Group must 
maintain and/or improve the condition of its properties to a standard that meets market and regulatory demand. 
The Group has the primary responsibility for ensuring the maintenance of its properties. It bears the responsibility 
of meeting the contractual deadlines agreed upon with its suppliers and is liable for the payment of services, 
regardless of whether it is able to recover these charges from the tenants. 
Although the Group constantly reviews the condition of its properties and has established a reporting system to 
monitor and budget for necessary maintenance and modernisation measures, numerous factors may generate 
substantial unbudgeted costs for maintenance and modernisation. For example, the outbreak of the Covid-19 
coronavirus ("Covid-19") pandemic triggered additional requirements, imposed through various legislative acts, 
in terms of health maintenance measures for the Group. In addition, the Group could underestimate the amount 
required to be invested for the targeted modernisation and maintenance of its properties. Modernisation costs may 
increase due to various factors, such as increased costs of materials, labour costs, energy, bad weather conditions, 
unexpected safety requirements or unforeseen complexities emerging on building sites. 
The Group could also be exposed to risks due to delays in the implementation of maintenance or modernisation 
works in connection with its properties, including: delays in obtaining necessary permits and consents for planned 
modernisation works, lack of qualified employees, bad weather conditions or delays in the works performed by a 
contractor or subcontractor or the contractor becoming insolvent during the maintenance or modernisation project. 
Higher expenditures than planned or unforeseen additional expenses for modernisation and maintenance that 
cannot be passed on to tenants and/or delays in any of the matters mentioned above could negatively affect the 
Group's business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
The Group's focus on shopping centres increases its exposure to trends in consumer behaviour 
Considering that the current focus of the Group is on shopping centres that meet the everyday needs of consumers 
(targeting also diversification through a focus on mixed-use and residential projects), a downturn in consumer 
preference for shopping centres would have a more pronounced negative effect on the Group's revenues and 
profitability. This makes the Group vulnerable to changes in trends in the behaviour of consumers. This risk is 
being carefully considered and strategic digitalisation and omnichannel initiatives have been accelerated with the 
introduction of new digital services, communication tools and platforms. Lower consumer confidence due to 
economic downturns, and a shift in consumer preference towards alternative shopping channels, such as mail 
order companies, discount stores and internet-based retailers may have an effect on consumer spending levels at 
shopping centres which could, among other things, result in lower consumer footfall which in turn results in lower 
tenant turnovers and occupancy rates, with a direct negative impact on the Group's business, financial condition, 
prospects and results of operations. 
Furthermore, increasing use of online retail providers may have an adverse effect on shopping centre sales and 
decrease demand for commercial retail premises. The retail industry is undergoing a transformation as e-
commerce grows and consumers become increasingly comfortable with internet and mobile shopping, especially 
following the Covid-19 pandemic which may have had a longer lasting impact on shopping habits. Shopping 
centres will need to adapt their services and tenant offerings to meet changing consumer behaviour and demand 
to continue to attract customers in the future. A significant increase in internet shopping could decrease shopping 
centre sales, demand for commercial retail premises and the value of properties, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The success of the Group's retail properties is dependent on its ability to attract and retain anchor tenants, and 
its financial performance relies on its ability to generally attract and retain tenants 
The Group relies on the presence of anchor tenants in its retail centres. Anchor tenants play an important part in 
generating consumer traffic and making a retail centre a desirable location for other tenants. The failure to renew

--- Page 20 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
the lease of an anchor tenant, the termination of an anchor tenant's lease, or the insolvency or economic decline 
of an anchor tenant can have a material adverse effect on the economic performance of the retail centres. There 
can be no assurance that, if the anchor tenants were to close or fail to renew their leases, the Group would be able 
to replace such anchor tenants in a timely manner or that it could do so without incurring material additional costs 
which would have adverse economic effects. The expiration of an anchor tenant's lease without it being replaced 
in a timely manner may make the refinancing of such a retail centre, if required, difficult. Furthermore, the 
deterioration of the Group's relationships with any of its anchor tenants may negatively impact on the Group's 
ability to secure anchor tenants for its future projects. Any of the above risks, if realised, could have an adverse 
effect on the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
The Group also faces competition from other owners, operators and developers of retail real estate. One of the 
primary areas of focus for the Group is the active management of its portfolio by diversifying its tenant mix and 
by striking a balance between retaining existing tenants and re-letting rental space to new tenants. The Group 
competes with local real estate developers, private investors, property funds and other retail property owners for 
tenants. Some of the Group's competitors may have properties that are newer, better located or in superior 
condition to its properties or could have a better cost structure, portfolio management or conclude acquisitions of 
real estate assets at more attractive pricing and, therefore, achieve higher profit margins than the Group. 
The dominance of a shopping centre in a particular area is an important factor that determines the shopping centre's 
ability to compete for tenants. If the Group misjudges the desirability of a property's location or its intended use, 
it may not be able to fully rent properties or rent them at the levels it had planned. If there are several centres in 
the same area, competition is more intense and thus the Group may experience increased competition for tenants. 
The competition for tenants may negatively affect the Group's ability to optimise its tenant mix, by attracting new 
tenants and retaining existing tenants, and may also negatively influence the terms of its lease agreements, 
including the amount of rent that the Group charges and the incentives that it provides to tenants, thereby adversely 
affecting the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
Real estate developments are susceptible to the risk of competition and fluctuations in the economy 
Real estate developments are susceptible to competition from newer developments, which may offer lower rents, 
better facilities or layouts, and lower initial maintenance costs. Such competition could reduce rents in, or reduce 
the attractiveness of, the existing retail centres and/or offices managed by the Group. 
The demand for retail and office space in the CEE region is in part driven by governments' interest in foreign 
direct investment, including the availability of favourable government policies and/or subsidies. Changes in 
government policies or subsidies may therefore lead to a reduction in foreign direct investment and/or retail and/or 
office demand. The demand for retail and office space is also driven by economic conditions both locally and 
globally (as a result of a large mix of international tenants), and therefore any unfavourable developments in the 
macroeconomic climate, or any other causes that may lead to a reduction in economic activity, including the 
withdrawal of international companies from any of the CEE countries where the Group operates, could have a 
material adverse impact on the Group's operations. 
The Group is subject to the counterparty risk of its tenants 
The Group is subject to the counterparty risk of its tenants as the net revenue generated from the Group's properties 
depends on the financial stability of its tenants and the commercial relationships with them. The creditworthiness 
of a tenant can decline over the short or medium term, leading to a risk that the tenant will become insolvent or 
be otherwise unable to meet its obligations under the lease. Although the Group receives and holds advance 
deposits, these may be insufficient and the amounts payable to the Group under its lease agreements with tenants 
that are not secured (by deposits, bank guarantees or corporate guarantees) could mean that such tenants may be 
unable to pay such amounts when due. While the Group has a diversified tenant base, it may suffer from a decline 
in revenues and profitability in the event that a number of its strategically important tenants are unable to pay rent 
owed when due or seek bankruptcy protection. The Group is not insured against this credit risk. If a tenant seeks 
insolvency protection, the Group may be subject to delays in receipt of rental and other contractual payments, if 
it is able to collect such payments at all. The Group may not be able to secure vacant possession of the property 
without the consent of the relevant insolvency officials and/or body, thus preventing the Group from re-letting the 
affected property to a new tenant. The Group may not be able to limit its potential loss of revenues from tenants 
who are unable to make their lease payments. The tenants may have the right to terminate their lease agreements 
in certain circumstances which are not covered by the Group's business interruption insurance. In some cases, 
large tenants also have the right to terminate the lease agreements in case their sales decrease under a certain level 
or in case the occupancy rate of the relevant shopping centre decreases under certain agreed ratios. If a lease is

--- Page 21 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
terminated, the Group may be unable to re-let the property at the same commercial rate, or at all. If any of these 
risks are realised, this could affect the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
The financial performance of the Group is subject to the Group's ability to secure initial tenants, rent renewals 
or re-lettings and its ability to manage lease expirations 
The financial performance of the Group is subject to the Group's ability to secure initial tenants, rent renewals or 
re-lettings and manage lease expirations which impact the occupancy rates of the Group's properties. The ability 
to manage occupancy of the Group's properties depends in large part on the condition of the markets in countries 
in which the Group has its operations or assets. A negative change in any of the factors affecting the property 
market and its occupancy rates, including the economic situation, may adversely affect the business, financial 
condition, prospects and results of operations of the Group. The ability of the Group to manage occupancy rates 
is also dependent upon the remaining terms of the current lease agreements, the financial position of current 
tenants and the attractiveness of its properties to current and prospective tenants. As of 31 December 2022, the 
Group's weighted average remaining lease term was 3.1 years. In order to retain current tenants or attract new 
tenants the Group may be required to offer lease incentives such as reductions in rent, capital expenditure 
programmes and other terms in its lease agreements that make such leases less favourable to the Group. Some of 
the Group's lease agreements with anchor tenants, which typically have a duration of up to thirty years, provide 
for break clauses after an initial tenancy period of ten years for hypermarkets, do it yourself stores ("DIYs") and 
cinemas, and three to five years for other tenants. It is possible that some of the tenants may choose to exercise 
their rights under their respective break clauses and terminate their leases early. The Group may also not be 
successful in maintaining or increasing occupancy rates or successfully negotiating favourable terms and 
conditions in relation to its lease agreements. A failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
Climate change could lead to damage and higher operating expenses in relation to the Group's properties 
From the perspective of the Group, climate change presents the risk of damage to property caused over time by 
altered weather conditions and other changes in the physical environment that affect properties. These risks are 
difficult to predict and could potentially increase in the long term. Investments in the wrong type of measures for 
properties could lead to the risk of unprofitable investments if climate risk is not appropriately considered and 
failure to invest at all in mitigation measures could result in investments being written off. Climate change could 
also entail higher operating expenses, for instance due to changes in temperature levels or increases in insurance 
premia for insuring properties in vulnerable areas. In addition, environmental and/or political decisions could 
affect the Group, not least in the form of higher taxes or necessary investments. Moreover, increased climate-
related requirements imposed by investors, tenants and other stakeholders could also affect the Group. As a real 
estate business, these risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group compared with other businesses as 
the Group relies on its physical properties to produce its income. The Group also has property portfolios 
concentrated within several cities across the CEE region and if climate change detrimentally impacts such cities, 
then the value of such portfolios, and the earnings capacity from such portfolios, could reduce significantly. Such 
changes could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations, 
cash flows and prospects. 
The ability of the Group to increase rents in line with market fluctuations, or to recover rent due to it, may be 
restricted by terms of the Group's lease agreements and by applicable provisions of law or regulation 
The Group may be restricted in its ability to raise rents in line with market fluctuations owing to certain terms in 
its lease agreements and by applicable provisions of law or regulation. Rental levels and market value for 
properties are generally affected by overall conditions in the economy. Both rental income and property values 
may also be affected by factors specific to the real estate market, including: (i) rent reviews with anchor tenants 
may not be agreed at the estimated rental values; (ii) rents are tied, at least in part, to their turnover - thus, as the 
turnover of such tenant fluctuates, the rent is also subject to fluctuations; and (iii) most lease agreements to which 
the Group is a party include clauses which provide for partial or full indexation of rent, which, in most cases, is 
indexed in line with a consumer price index. Consequently, the increase in the rental proceeds from such leases is 
dependent not only on general economic developments or market conditions, but also on future rates of inflation. 
In addition, governments may impose support measures such as rent controls or rent-free periods (including 
service charge and marketing costs), as previously done by the Polish Government for tenants impacted by 
restrictions due to Covid-19. Each of these factors may restrict the Group's ability to increase rents in line with 
market fluctuations, or to recover rent due to it, and could therefore have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations.

--- Page 22 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
The Group may be unable to be reimbursed by tenants for increases in operating and administrative expenses 
In the recent period, energy prices have increased extraordinarily as a result of the ongoing conflict in Ukraine 
and related sanctions, in particular (see also "Risk Factors - Increases in electricity and heating prices, potential 
electricity supply disruptions and outages, and failure to hedge against price fluctuations or not hedging at all 
can have an adverse effect on the Group’s operations"). Other Group operating and administrative expenses, as 
well as increasing repair and maintenance costs related to the gradual ageing of the Group's properties, could also 
increase without a corresponding increase in turnover or tenant reimbursements, mainly owing to reimbursement 
caps which may be included in various lease agreements or as a result of other legal restrictions. Further, there 
may be expenses which are not recoverable from tenants. Factors which could increase operating and 
administrative expenses include, amongst other things, increases relating to the rate of inflation, payroll expenses, 
legal expenses, property taxes and other statutory charges, further increases to energy and utility costs and the 
costs of services provided by third party providers, movements in foreign exchange rates, increases in insurance 
premiums, increase in maintenance costs and increases in capital expenditure which arise as a result of defects 
relating to the properties needing to be rectified. Such increases, if not recovered from tenants, could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
There is a risk of delays in evicting tenants that are in default 
Evicting a tenant that defaults on a lease can be costly and time consuming. Under certain legal regimes in the 
CEE region, the time it takes to evict a defaulting tenant is not prescribed by law and varies on a case by case 
basis. Additionally, obtaining a date for a court hearing can take approximately four to eight months, or longer. 
The loss of rental revenues from any of the tenants that are in default and the inability to replace such tenants may 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group is dependent on its IT systems and runs cyber security risks including leakage of customer data or 
other personal data security breach 
The Group is dependent on the proper functioning of its information technology systems and processes. The 
Group's systems and the services of external system providers on which it relies are vulnerable to damage or 
interruption from various factors, including but not limited to, power loss, telecommunication failures, data 
corruption, network failure, computer viruses, security breaches, natural disasters, theft, vandalism or other acts 
or events. A disruption in the infrastructure that supports the Group's businesses could have a material adverse 
effect on its ability to continue to operate the Group's business which in turn could lead to loss of business and 
the incurrence of significant costs related to information retrieval and verification and the restoration of normal 
service.  
The Group also stores and uses in its operations data for marketing purposes, in particular, and such data may be 
protected by data protection laws and in particular Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data 
and on the free movement of such data. Although the Group takes precautions to protect customer data in 
accordance with the applicable laws, the Group cannot discount the possibility of future data leakages. The Group 
works with third-party service providers, such as certain software companies, which may not fully comply with 
the relevant contractual terms and all data protection obligations imposed on them. 
Unanticipated information technology problems, system failures, computer viruses, intentional/unintentional 
misuses, hacker attacks or unauthorized access to the Group's network or other failures could result in a failure to 
maintain and protect customer data in accordance with applicable regulations and requirements and could affect 
the quality of the Group's services, compromise the confidentiality of its customer data or cause service 
interruptions, and may result in the imposition of fines, claims for damages, prosecution of relevant employees 
and managers, reputational damage and customer churn and may have a material adverse effect on its business, 
prospects, results of operation and financial condition. 
While the Group performs regular backups, as required by its IT policy, and it uses experienced consultants to 
review IT security, failure of information systems and data loss may lead to incurring significant costs for 
information retrieval and verification, and to potential loss of business opportunities. 
Earthquakes, other seismic events in the countries where the Group operates or other events of catastrophic 
nature, including outbreaks of health epidemics, may adversely affect the Group's business 
Some of the properties owned by the Group are situated in areas of seismic activity which have in the past

--- Page 23 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
experienced devastating and deadly earthquakes. Romania has specific regulations covering seismic risks in 
respect of the design and execution of construction works, however the consequences of an earthquake will vary 
greatly depending upon the circumstances surrounding the quake. While no one can predict with any certainty 
what the impact might be, a seismic or other catastrophic event may adversely affect the Group's assets, disrupt 
its operations and adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial position (please see also "Risk 
Factors - The Group's insurance coverage may be inadequate" below). 
In addition, the spread of health epidemics such as the one related to the Covid-19 coronavirus in the markets 
where the Group operates may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business. Such epidemics could affect 
the Group's contractors resulting in delays or cessation of any development or refurbishing works. Moreover, such 
incidents could result in quarantines or other restrictions recommended or imposed by the World Health 
Organization or the governments of the countries in which the Group has operations. The occurrence of any such 
event could result in increased costs as a result of any necessary disinfections of the Group's properties, short-
term absences of staff working for the Group or its tenants and decrease the footfall and consumer spending in the 
Group's retail centres, which could in turn affect tenants' turnover and their financial status thus affecting rental 
collection and reducing rental income. As a result, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
The valuation of investment property for which market quotations may not be readily available require the 
Group and/or independent appraisers to make assumptions which may prove to be inaccurate 
Recent rates hikes by central banks had a negative impact on valuation of real estate properties. The transaction 
market continued to be subdued even after the end of the Covid-19 pandemic and availability of reliable market 
data remains scarce. 
Substantially all of the investments that the Group has made and that it expects it will make are and will be in the 
form of investments for which market quotations are not readily available. The valuation of investment property 
is inherently subjective due to, among other factors, the individual nature of each property, its location, the 
expected future rental revenues from that particular property and, in the case of development land, the expectations 
as to the cost and timing of that development and its ability to attract tenants. As a result, the valuations of 
investment property, which account for the vast majority of the Group's assets, are subject to a degree of 
uncertainty and are made on the basis of assumptions, which may not prove to be accurate, particularly in periods 
of volatility or low transaction volume in the real estate property market. The Group and/or an independent 
appraiser are required to make good faith determinations as to the fair value of this investment property on a semi-
annual basis in connection with the preparation of its consolidated financial statements in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IFRS") 
and net asset value determinations. 
There is no single valuation standard for determining fair value in good faith and, in many cases, fair value is best 
expressed as a range of fair values from which a single estimate may be derived. Fair values may be established 
using various approaches, such as discounted cash flow, a market comparable approach that is based on a specific 
financial measure (such as rental income, net operating income, value per square metre or other metrics) or, in 
some cases, a cost basis or liquidation analysis. Valuations, and in particular valuations of real estate opportunistic 
investments for which market quotations are not readily available, are inherently uncertain. Valuations may 
therefore fluctuate over short periods of time and may be based on estimates and determinations of fair value 
which may differ materially from the values that would have resulted if a liquid market had existed. Even if market 
quotations are available for the Group's investments, such quotations may not reflect the value that the Group 
would actually be able to realise because of various factors, including the illiquidity of the underlying assets, the 
speculative nature of investment property, future market price volatility or the potential for a future loss in market 
value based on poor real estate market conditions. There can also be no assurance that these valuations will be 
reflected in the actual transaction prices, even where any such transactions occur shortly after the relevant 
valuation date, or that the estimated yield and annual rental income will prove to be attainable. 
The Group's consolidated statement of financial position and statement of comprehensive income may 
continue to be significantly affected by fluctuations in the fair value of the Group's investment property 
In accordance with IFRS, the Group's investment property is measured at fair value. Valuations are performed 
semi-annually by external independent appraisers and any increase or decrease in the fair value of a particular 
property is recorded as a fair value adjustment in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the 
period during which the revaluation occurs. As a result, the Group may have significant non-cash gains or losses 
from period to period depending on the change in fair value of the Group's investment property, whether or not

--- Page 24 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
such property is sold. For example, if market conditions and the rent for comparable commercial investment 
property in the same condition and place were unfavourable, fair value would decrease from the revaluation of 
the investment property may occur and continue in the future. Such fair value decreases could lead to non-
compliance with covenants under the debt obligations of the Group.  
A substantial decrease in the fair value of the investment property could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial condition and results of operations, affecting also the Loan-to-value ratio (computed 
as debt less cash and cash equivalents divided by investment property (including investment property held for sale 
and excluding the immaterial effect of right of use assets computed as per IFRS 16) and net listed securities). 
Moreover, the Group's use of borrowings or other leverage may increase the volatility of such financial 
performance and amplify the effect of any change in the valuation of the real estate assets on the Group's financial 
position and results of operations. 
The Group is exposed to risks arising from the illiquidity of its portfolio 
The market for the types of properties the Group owns or may acquire in the future is generally illiquid. Were the 
Group required to liquidate parts of its portfolio on short notice for any reason, including raising funds to support 
its operations or repay outstanding indebtedness, the Group may not be able to sell any portion of its portfolio on 
favourable terms or at all. In the case of an accelerated sale, there may be a significant shortfall between the fair 
value of the property and the price at which the Group could sell such property. In planned disposals in the ordinary 
course of business, an illiquid market may result in a sales price that is lower than anticipated or in a delay of the 
sale. Any such shortfall could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition or results 
of operations. In addition, the Group may be subject to restrictions on its ability to sell certain properties pursuant 
to covenants and pledges limiting asset disposals in the Group's loan agreements. 
The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk 
The rents payable to the Group under the various lease agreements with tenants are denominated in euro. However, 
tenants mostly have their income denominated in the local currency of the relevant country in which they are 
based. The occupancy cost ratio, which reflects the tenants' rental cost as a proportion of their turnover, can be 
negatively affected by fluctuations of the euro, the currency in which the rent is based or payable, against the 
relevant local currency in which the tenant generates turnover. Accordingly, a weakening of the local currency 
against the euro could result in the Group's properties becoming less attractive, or over-rented. Such fluctuations 
could also result in such rent becoming unsustainable with respect to the concerned tenant leading to a demand 
for discounts or even default by the respective tenants. If realised, these risks could adversely affect the Group's 
business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
The Group is exposed to risks regarding development projects 
The Group is active in property development and is exposed to numerous development risks relating to the 
construction, project design, project management, use of external professionals and other matters associated with 
development projects. The main development risks are commercial (such as letting risks, for example, the 
availability of tenants for new developments), financial (such as foreign exchange rate fluctuations), technical 
(such as design, construction and environmental risks), procedural (such as project management) and legal (such 
as permitting). The Group's property development projects are subject to the risks usually attributable to 
construction projects, such as delays in construction work, in obtaining the necessary permits or other unforeseen 
delays, changes to planning laws, increases in the cost of construction and construction materials, cost overruns, 
disputes with third parties (including third party contractors and local authorities), fluctuating prices and shortages 
in the supply of raw materials as well as shortages of qualified employees. In particular, given that in the CEE 
region the process of obtaining permits can be a lengthy process, there can be significant delays between the time 
when the land is acquired and the time when all necessary permits and authorisations for developing a project are 
obtained which can have a material adverse effect on the Group's cash flow. Also, delays can result from the 
inability to obtain sufficient amounts of raw materials and to retain qualified employees on terms acceptable to 
the Group. 
When considering development project investments and development risks, the Group needs to make an estimate 
of the economic and market conditions that will prevail in the market where the project is located at the time the 
project is completed and becomes operational, and there is uncertainty at the beginning of a development project 
about the economic and market conditions at the time of completion of the project. Such estimates are difficult to 
make since it takes a considerable period of time before development projects are completed and become

--- Page 25 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
operational. During this period, economic conditions can change unfavourably and lower the Group's expected 
return on the investment. For example, a given market may experience an oversupply of retail properties at the 
time of a project's completion, leading to lower occupancy rates. Also, the continuation of the Covid-19 pandemic 
may have a negative impact on rental prices and overall demand (both in terms of retail space and residential). As 
a result, the Group may inadequately plan its development project investments and adopt an inappropriate business 
strategy. The realisation of any of these development risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
The Group depends on contractors and subcontractors to refurbish or construct its projects 
The Group relies on contractors and subcontractors for all its refurbishment and construction activities. If the 
Group cannot enter into construction agreements and/or subcontracting arrangements on acceptable terms (or at 
all) the Group will incur additional costs which may have an adverse effect on its business. 
The competition for the services of quality contractors and subcontractors may cause delays in construction, 
exposing the Group to a loss of competitive advantage. Contracting and/or subcontracting arrangements may be 
on less favourable terms than would otherwise be available, which may result in increased development and 
construction costs. By relying on contractors and/or subcontractors, the Group becomes subject to a number of 
risks relating to these entities, such as quality of performance, varied work ethics, performance delays, 
construction defects and the financial stability (including potential insolvency) of the subcontractors. A shortage 
of workers would also have a detrimental effect on the Group's contractors and/or subcontractors and, as a result, 
on the Group's ability to conclude the construction phase on time and within budget. 
Increasing refurbishment and maintenance costs, without a corresponding increase in rental income, may 
result in a decreased profit margin or increased rents and thus decreased demand for properties 
The Group expects the cost of refurbishment and maintenance repairs to increase relative to the size of its property 
portfolio as a result of rising inflation in the markets in which it operates. See "Risk Factors – Rise of inflation 
may affect the Group's business, financial condition and result of operations". Further, refurbishment and 
maintenance repair costs may also increase, for example, as a result of increasing legal requirements for energy-
efficiency. 
If refurbishment and maintenance costs were to increase significantly, the profit margin of the Group's properties 
may decrease and/or the Group may be required to increase rents, which may, in turn, result in a decreased demand 
for the Group's properties. As a result, the Group may not be able to fully pass on the costs of refurbishment and 
maintenance to its tenants and the Group's investments in refurbishment and maintenance may not generate the 
expected return. Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
The Group is exposed to the counterparty risk of its partners 
Some of the Group's properties are held and operated or may be proposed to be developed through co-ownership 
or co-operation arrangements (including, among others, joint venture arrangements) with third parties who operate 
units within premises in which the Group is present. In addition, to a limited extent, title to certain of the Group's 
properties is shared. The Group has co-ownership agreements with certain of the Group's largest tenants. Such 
arrangements may result in the Group sharing control of such assets with third parties. As a result, certain decisions 
relating to those assets within such arrangements may depend upon the consent or notification of the Group's 
relevant partners. Disputes may arise between the Group and the relevant partners in respect of an arrangement, 
which could mean that the Group is not able to manage or deal with a particular asset or property as it sees fit. 
These risks would be higher if the Group were to share title to properties as part of a joint venture. Specific risks 
arising from such co-ownership/co-operation arrangements and title sharing which are not present in relation to 
projects that are wholly-owned include risks that, (i) the Group's relevant partners may have different objectives 
from the Group, including with respect to the appropriate timing and pricing of any sale or refinancing of a 
development held as part of a co-ownership arrangement; (ii) the Group's relevant partners may take action 
contrary to the Group's instructions or requests, policies or objectives, or frustrate its actions; (iii) the Group's 
relevant partners might become bankrupt or insolvent; and (iv) with respect to co-title and development projects 
the Group may be required to provide additional financing to make up for any shortfall due to the Group's relevant 
partner(s) failing to provide such finance or to furnish any required collateral to the financing banks. 
Disputes or disagreements with any of the Group's partners or such partners facing financial difficulties or even 
going insolvent or bankrupt may result in significant delays and increased costs associated with the operation,

--- Page 26 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
development or redevelopment of the Group's properties. Even where the Group has a controlling interest, certain 
major decisions (such as whether to sell, refinance or enter into a lease or contractor agreement and the terms on 
which to do so) may require the partner's or other third party's approval. Failure to reach or maintain agreement 
with the Group's partners or other third parties on the matters relating to the financing, disposals, development 
and operation of the relevant properties could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, prospects and results of operations. 
The Group's insurance coverage may be inadequate 
The Group's insurance policies may not cover all losses and, as a result, the Group's insurance may not fully 
compensate it for losses associated with damage to its real estate assets and third party liability. In addition, there 
are certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, terrorism, 
acts of war or pandemics, that may be uninsurable or that are not economically insurable. The Group is not insured 
against losses arising as a result of the Russian-Ukrainian war. Other factors might also result in insurance 
proceeds being insufficient to repair or replace a property if it is damaged or destroyed, such as inflation, taxation, 
changes in building codes and ordinances and environmental considerations. The Group may incur significant 
losses or damage to its assets or business or liability for losses or damage towards third parties for which it may 
not be compensated fully or at all. In addition, its insurance policies may not cover the current aggregate market 
value of its portfolio, particularly where the market value of its portfolio increases. As a result, it may not have 
sufficient coverage against all losses that it may experience. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured 
limits occur, the Group could lose capital invested in the affected property as well as anticipated future revenue 
from that property. In addition, it could be liable to repair damage caused by uninsured risks. The Group may also 
remain liable for any debt or other financial obligation related to that damaged property. 
Additionally, no assurance can be given that material losses in excess of insurance coverage limits will not occur 
in the future. Any uninsured losses or losses in excess of insured limits could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
The Group relies on certain qualified personnel the loss of whom could have an adverse impact on its business 
The Group competes with other real estate companies specifically, and other employers generally, for qualified 
personnel. The success of the Group's property development and operating activities depends, among other things, 
on the expertise of the Board and the Group's executive management and other qualified personnel in identifying 
appropriate opportunities and managing such activities, as well as on the local level management teams of the 
Group companies. The loss of some or all of these individuals or an inability to attract, retain and maintain 
additional personnel could prevent the Group from implementing its business strategy and could adversely affect 
the Group's business and future financial condition or results of operations. There can be no assurance that the 
Group will be able to retain all of its existing senior personnel or to attract additional qualified personnel when 
needed which, in turn, could adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and results of 
operations. 
Operational risk 
Despite the Group's internal control (including risk management control) systems, the Group faces the risk of 
reputational damage due to human error, fraud or inadequate processes across its operations, including treasury 
operations. Depending on the nature and scale of such error, fraud or inadequate processes, this may lead to the 
Group experiencing significant losses and to a material adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
Legal and regulatory risks related to the Group's business 
The risk of litigation is inherent in the Group's operations 
Legal actions, claims against the Group and arbitrations involving the Group may arise in the ordinary course of 
business. The Group may be subject to litigation from contractors, suppliers, tenants or third parties, including 
visitors to properties owned by the Group. 
In addition, in some jurisdictions, the contractor of a construction benefits from a statutory lien over the 
construction, as security for payment of the outstanding amounts owed by the beneficiary under the construction 
contract up to the added value of the property as a result of the respective construction works. Similarly, under 
some other countries' legal framework the contractor has a right of retention on goods if such goods are in the 
contractor's possession. To the extent the Group fails to pay contractors on time, such contractors may enforce the 
statutory lien or retain goods, as applicable, which may trigger significant costs and losses to the Group.

--- Page 27 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
The potential publicity associated with, and the outcome of, such claims, arbitrations and legal proceedings could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
There is a general risk of restitution in CEE, with an emphasis on Romania, and the Group may become 
involved in other disputes in relation to its property rights  
Under Romanian law, former owners of land and/or buildings that were dispossessed by the Romanian state during 
the communist regime may recover their ownership rights under certain conditions. If claims of former owners 
are successful, such claims may result in the loss of property from the Group's portfolio. In view of this, the 
practice in Romania is to investigate the title historically, going back, if possible, to the initial owner or even prior 
to any coercive takeover by the Romanian State. A complete set of ownership documentation dating back to the 
initial owner may not always be available due to inadequate administrative systems. Therefore, the majority of 
real estate transactions in Romania face issues relating to missing documentation. As a result, the legal analysis 
of title and ownership is typically focused on issues surrounding missing documentation and historic ownership 
of a particular property which can be protracted and expensive to defend against. Similar risks exist in other 
jurisdictions where the Group is present. Any successful restitution claims may have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group may become involved in disputes in relation to its property rights and permits may have been 
obtained in breach of applicable laws 
Certain acquisitions or sales of property may be rendered void under applicable local law provisions as a result of 
insolvency, fraud, lack of consideration, gross undervaluation, avoidance of creditors, defrauding of creditors or 
as a result of other technical requirements in the conveyance of property (for example, flaws in the transacting 
parties' contractual intentions, lack of proper authentication by a notary public, lack of corporate capacity, 
corporate authority or improper representation of the parties for the transfer, etc). Further, there may be a risk of 
legal disputes with neighbouring land owners, architects, project managers and suppliers, with respect to the 
Group's refurbishment/construction projects. 
For example, one subsidiary of the Guarantor owns a property in Constanta, Romania, which consists of several 
plots of land and the buildings erected over such plots, the fair value of the entire property amounting to EUR 207 
million as at 31 December 2022. The Group acquired control over the subsidiary through a share sale purchase 
agreement. One plot of land with a surface of 56,163 sqm and three buildings were acquired by the subsidiary 
pursuant to a sale purchase agreement. The former owner of the plot (a Romanian company) acquired ownership 
of it through a restitution decision issued by the mayor of Constanta at the time. The restitution decision has since 
been cancelled by the Romanian Supreme Court. The subsidiary's title to the property has not been cancelled by 
the court decision and the subsidiary therefore continues to hold valid title to it. Also, the subsidiary benefits from 
a presumption of good faith as a good faith acquirer, given the fact that at the time when the sale and purchase 
agreement was concluded, the previous owner was presumed to be the real owner of the plot and the restitution 
decision was valid.  
However, considering the fact that the title of the former owner has been found to be fraudulent, the Romanian 
state or the Constanta municipality may also, in the future, claim annulment of the subsidiary's title over the plot.  
The Group may acquire assets where the Group has only a leasehold interest in the land or a usufruct right (but 
ownership of any building on it). The land lease may be terminated early in various circumstances; ordinarily this 
would be in the event of breach of the land lease provisions, but there may be other circumstances provided for in 
the relevant lease. In addition, the land lease may not contain renewal rights. Even if ultimately settled or decided 
in the Group's favour, the Group may not be able to recover its costs incurred in relation to the dispute. Any 
termination of a lease, challenges to ownership, delays to or cancellations of the development of projects or any 
other dispute could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations.  
In addition, there can be no assurance that all permits necessary to legally own, develop or operate the properties 
have been obtained in compliance with all applicable laws. While the Group conducts detailed due diligence to 
identify any issues related to such permits and takes all steps necessary to remedy any defects, there can be no 
assurance that this can be achieved on time and that regulators will not impose the suspension of the relevant 
properties' operation. If the Group's ownership interests over its property or permits are successfully challenged, 
this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and results of 
operations.

--- Page 28 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
The Group may be exposed to potential claims relating to its leasing, selling, refurbishment or development of 
real estate 
The Group may be subject to claims arising from defects relating to the leasing, selling, quality of refurbishment 
or repositioning of its properties. This liability may apply to defects that arise from the actions or omissions of 
third parties, and are unknown to the Group but could have, or should have, been discovered. Although the Group 
may have rights against the building contractor/professional team in connection with such defects and/or recourse 
to insurances in place for the project in question, there can be no assurance that the Group will be able to enforce 
its rights and fully recover the costs arising from any claim against the Group. In addition, the Group may be 
exposed to substantial undisclosed or unascertained liabilities embedded in real estate assets that were incurred or 
which arose prior to the completion of the acquisition of such real estate assets. Such claims will also likely have 
a reputational impact on the Group. 
These liabilities could include, but are not limited to: 
• 
where the Group has acquired the entity which owned the real estate assets, liabilities (including tax 
liabilities and other liabilities) owed to state entities, to existing tenants, to creditors or to other persons 
involved with the real estate assets prior to the acquisition; 
• 
indemnity claims by parties claiming to be entitled to be indemnified by the former owners of the real 
estate assets; and 
• 
an obligation to pay deferred consideration for the real estate assets if certain events occur (for example, 
the grant of planning permission or completion of the construction works). 
Although the Group may have obtained contractual protection against such claims and liabilities from the seller 
or insurers, there can be no assurance that such contractual protection will always be successfully realised or that 
it would be enforceable or effective. 
Such potential liabilities, if realised, could have a material adverse effect on the returns realised on the real estate 
assets. 
Furthermore, any claims for recourse which the Group may have against parties from which the Group has 
purchased such real estate assets may fail due to the expiry of warranty periods, the statute of limitation, lack of 
proof that the previous seller knew or should have known of the defect, the insolvency of the previous seller, or 
for other reasons. The Group may also be subject to claims by purchasers of its real estate assets as a result of 
representations and warranties about those real estate assets provided by the Group at the time of disposal. The 
Group's representations and warranties could pertain to, among other things, title to the real estate assets, 
environmental liabilities, and liabilities for the payment of tax. The Group may become party to claims, disputes 
or litigation concerning such representations and warranties and may be required to make payments to third parties 
as a result. In addition, following the disposal of any real estate assets, the Group is obliged by law, and may be 
obliged by contract, to retain certain liabilities or potential liabilities that exist in respect of such assets. The costs 
of any such claims, disputes or litigation (to the extent that they materialise) would reduce the Group's available 
cash flow and could have an adverse effect on the Group's returns on investments. 
With respect to refurbishment or development of real estate assets by the Group, claims may be brought against 
the Group by (among others) tenants or buyers as a result of delays, construction defects or other factors. The 
Group may not perform the refurbishment or development itself but rather may use the services of design and 
construction companies. Any claim for recourse against such design and construction companies could fail due to 
the expiry of the statute of limitation, the claim being uncollectible, or for other reasons, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's financial condition. 
The Group may incur significant costs complying with property laws and regulations 
The Group and its real estate assets will be required to comply with a variety of laws and regulations of local, 
regional, national and European Union authorities, including planning, zoning, environmental, fire protection, 
health and safety, tax and other laws and regulations. If the Group or any of its real estate assets fails to comply 
with these laws and regulations, the Group may have to pay penalties or private damages awards. In addition, 
changes in existing laws or regulations, or their interpretation or enforcement, could require the Group to incur 
additional costs in complying with those laws or regulations, altering the investing strategy, operations or 
accounting and reporting systems, leading to additional costs or loss of revenue.

--- Page 29 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
The Group's properties must have the requisite planning consent and permits for commercial activities of the type 
intended for their development. In instances where the existing planning is not suitable or in which the planning 
is yet to be determined, the Group will need to apply for the required classifications. This procedure may be 
protracted, particularly where the bureaucracy is cumbersome and inefficient. The Group cannot be certain that 
the process of obtaining proper planning will be completed with sufficient speed and at a cost to enable the 
property to be developed ahead of competing businesses without delays, or at all. Opposition by local residents 
and/or non-governmental organisations to building planning applications and permits may also cause considerable 
delays. In addition, arbitrary changes to applicable planning may jeopardise projects which have already 
commenced. Therefore, if the Group does not receive planning approvals or if the procedures for the receipt of 
such planning approvals and/or building consents are delayed, the Group's costs will increase which may have an 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group may incur environmental liabilities or costs 
The environmental laws of certain countries in which the Group has its operations or assets impose actual and 
potential obligations to conduct remedial action on sites contaminated with hazardous or toxic substances. In such 
circumstances, the owner's liability is generally not limited under such laws and the costs of any required removal, 
investigation or remediation can be substantial. The presence of such hazardous or toxic substances on, or in, any 
of the Group's properties, or the liability for failure to remedy property contamination from such substances, could 
adversely affect the Group's ability to let or sell such property or to borrow funds using such property as collateral, 
which could have an effect on its generation of rental income or return on investment. Furthermore, the Group 
may be required to comply with stricter environmental, health and safety laws or enforcement policies or become 
involved in claims and lawsuits relating to environmental matters. Meeting stricter compliance standards or 
defending potential actions may have a significant negative impact on its results of operations. If the relevant 
authorities in a country where the Group has its operations or assets discover violations of applicable 
environmental laws, the Group may be subject to fines and other penalties. Any of these matters could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
Changes in laws could adversely affect the Group's properties 
Various laws and regulations, including fire and safety requirements, environmental regulations, land disposal, 
rental laws, urban planning, construction codes, use restrictions and taxes affect the Group's properties. The 
implementation of laws or regulations in the countries in which the Group currently operates, or may operate in 
the future, and in particular any laws or regulations promulgated by the European Union, or the interpretation or 
enforcement of, or change in, existing laws or regulations, may require the Group to incur additional costs or 
otherwise adversely affect the management of its real estate portfolio, which could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if the Group's business is conducted 
in accordance with its interpretation of the current laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that the Group's 
interpretation of such laws and regulations is correct, or that such interpretation will not change in the future. 
Moreover, changes in legislation and regulations are often proposed and/or enacted as a result of events taking 
place in various jurisdictions. For example, significant changes in Romanian legislation and authorities' practice 
have been implemented in relation to fire and safety requirements after certain fire-related events. Some changes 
have already been implemented by the Romanian Government through governmental decisions and emergency 
ordinances in the aftermath of certain incidents, requiring stringent property operation requirements and broader 
powers for the Emergency Situations Inspectorate (the "ESI") to impose sanctions where breaches of fire and 
safety rules are identified, including suspension of operations and, in severe cases, closing down of premises. The 
Group is at various stages in the process to obtain and/or to confirm all relevant fire authorisation certificates for 
newly or existing completed properties. Fire authorisation certificates require renewal and/or updates from time 
to time in the ordinary course of business, including when tenants are replaced. Furthermore, the Group has 
implemented additional preventive fire and safety measures over and above those required by Romanian 
legislation. However, there is uncertainty as to how the ESI will apply and interpret the newly enacted regulations. 
Similarly, new health and safety requirements have been implemented, and further requirements may be 
implemented in the future, by the authorities in the jurisdictions where the Group operates as a result of epidemic 
or pandemic outbreaks such as the Covid-19 pandemic. 
The Group's future activities may not be in full compliance with all applicable rules and regulations at all times, 
with new rules and regulations that may be enacted or with existing rules that may be amended or more stringently 
applied, and any of these risks could limit or curtail the Group's future development. In particular, the Group may 
be subject to EU standards regarding property specifications in its portfolio that would potentially require it to 
upgrade certain of the buildings in its real estate portfolio, and the Group may not be able to meet these standards.

--- Page 30 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
If the Group's properties do not comply with any of these requirements, the Group may incur governmental fines, 
private damage awards towards third parties or may even face suspension or the closing of certain properties, 
which in turn could lead to loss of revenue. New or amended laws, rules, regulations or ordinances could require 
significant unanticipated expenditures or impose restrictions on the development, construction or sale of 
properties. Such laws, rules, regulations or ordinances may also adversely affect the Group's ability to operate or 
resell properties. 
The Group may face claims for defective construction, which could have an adverse effect on its generation of 
rental income 
The construction of properties is subject to the risk of claims for defective construction or other related works and 
associated adverse publicity. Any claim brought against the Group, and the surrounding negative publicity 
concerning the quality of its properties or projects, irrespective of whether the claim is successful, or an inability 
to complete the construction of a project on schedule or on budget, could also have a material adverse effect on 
how its business, properties and projects are perceived by target tenants. 
Where a construction company or subcontractor used on a development becomes insolvent it may prove 
impossible to recover compensation for defective work or materials. In addition, the Group may incur losses as a 
result of repairing defective work or paying damages to persons who have suffered losses as a result of such 
defective work. Potential damage related to construction and consequent liabilities may affect the profitability of 
the Group's business and lower the fair value of affected properties owned by the Group. Furthermore, these losses 
and costs may not be recovered by the Group's professional liability insurance, the construction company or the 
subcontractor. 
This could negatively affect the Group's ability to market and lease its properties in the future, which could have 
a material adverse effect on its generation of rental income and, thereby its business, financial condition, prospects 
and results of operations. 
Changes in effective tax rates or tax legislation in the countries where the Group operates or changes in the 
interpretation of such legislation may have an adverse effect on the Group's results  
The Group expects its profits tax charges to increase gradually in the years ahead as the fiscal losses available to 
it to be offset against taxable income decrease. The Group's future effective tax rates may be further adversely 
affected by a number of factors, including changes in the valuation of the Group's deferred tax assets and liabilities, 
increases in expenses not deductible for tax purposes, changes in share based compensation expenses, the outcome 
of any potential discussions with relevant tax authorities, changes in relation to taxation laws or tax rates or the 
interpretation of such taxation laws and changes in generally accepted accounting principles. Any significant 
increase in the Group's future effective tax rates, including following the ongoing initiatives in relation to changes 
in the fiscal legislation at international level, such as the Action Plan on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting ("BEPS") 
of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, could adversely impact the net results for such 
future periods and, as a result, could adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and 
results of operations. In this respect, in December 2021, as part of the BEPS project, the OECD published its 
model rules for a global minimum effective corporation tax of 15% for large organisations with consolidated 
group revenue of at least EUR 750 million per year. In December 2022, the EU Minimum Tax Directive 
2022/2523 (Pillar Two) was adopted, setting out that these model rules should be applied by the EU Member 
States in two stages, by 31 December 2023 and respectively, by 31 December 2024. Member States must bring 
into force the laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with the Directive by 31 
December 2023. The Group is monitoring how the implementation of the EU Minimum Tax Directive 2022/2523 
(Pillar Two) may affect it.   
The Group's operations are affected by the tax legislation in force from time to time in the jurisdictions where the 
Group conducts operations or owns and controls assets. These rules include corporate tax, real estate tax, value 
added tax, rules regarding tax-free disposals of shares, transfer pricing rules, other governmental or municipal 
taxes and interest deductions and subsidies. The Group's tax situation is also affected by transactions conducted 
intra-Group that fall under the transfer pricing regulations. Although the Group's business is conducted in 
accordance with its interpretation of applicable tax laws and regulations, and in accordance with advice the Group 
has received from its tax advisors, the possibility that the Group's interpretation is incorrect, or that such laws and 
regulations change, possibly with retroactive effect, cannot be excluded.  
As such tax laws are complex and subject to subjective evaluations and interpretative decisions, the Group may 
be subject to tax audits aimed at assessing its compliance with direct and indirect taxes, including transfer pricing

--- Page 31 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
regulations. In such cases there is a risk that the tax position taken by the Group differs from the tax authorities’ 
interpretation of the applicable local and international tax legislation, which may lead to increased tax liabilities 
and other penalties. 
The taxation systems in some of the jurisdictions where the Group conducts operations or owns and controls assets 
are not as well-established as those in more developed economies and is continually changing. Moreover, in some 
of the jurisdictions there is a lack of established jurisprudence and case law, which may result in unclear or non-
existent regulations, decrees and explanations of the taxation laws and/or views on interpretations thereof. 
Taxation laws (including case law) as a result, are more likely to be subject to changes, which can result in unusual 
complexities and more significant tax risks for the relevant Group companies and the business of the Group 
generally. 
Any of the factors above could adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and results of 
operations. 
The Group may be exposed to risks relating to changes in applicable tax laws including those relating to the 
tax residency of the Issuer, the Guarantor and other Group companies 
The Issuer and the Group have been structured with a view to being tax efficient. There can be no assurance that 
the Issuer or the Group has been or will continue to be successful in conducting their businesses or in structuring 
themselves or the management of their affairs in the most tax efficient manner, or that the structure or management 
of the affairs of the Issuer or any other Group company will not result in other adverse tax consequences for the 
Issuer or any other Group company. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor is incorporated in the Netherlands and aims to manage its affairs in such a 
manner that it does not become resident for tax purposes or create other adverse tax consequences for itself in any 
jurisdiction other than the Netherlands. There is a risk that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor may become resident 
for tax purposes in one or more other jurisdictions. The same risk applies to the tax residency of any other Group 
company. Any such residency of the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Group company, if unintended, may have an 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
Risks related to the financial condition of the Group 
The Group may fail to meet the obligations and requirements under its loan agreements or may not be able to 
finance its future investments 
There can be no assurance that, whether as a result of the negative economic developments and conditions in 
Europe, pandemics or in the event of unforeseen changes, the Group's cash flows will be sufficient for repayment 
of the Group's future indebtedness. A failure to make principal and/or interest payments due under the Group's 
future loan agreements or breach of any of the covenants contained in the Group's loan agreements could result 
in default and the forfeiture of its mortgaged assets or the acceleration of its payment obligations or could trigger 
a cross-default under other loan agreements of the Group or could make future borrowing difficult or impossible. 
In these circumstances, the Group could also be forced in the long term to sell some of its assets to meet its debt 
obligations. Any of the events described above could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, prospects and results of operations. See "Risk Factors - The Group's consolidated statement 
of financial position and statement of comprehensive income may be significantly affected by fluctuations in the 
fair value of the Group's investment property", "Risk Factors - The ongoing uncertainty and volatility in the 
financial markets may adversely affect the Group's operations", "Risk Factors - Negative economic developments 
and conditions in Europe may affect the Group's operations and tenants, as well as the prices of real estate 
generally in the market and the value of the Group's real estate", and "Risk Factors - Rise of inflation may affect 
the Group’s business, financial condition and result of operations" above. 
In addition, the Group may finance its future investments with either equity, debt or a combination of both. There 
can be no assurance that the Group will be able to generate or raise sufficient funds to meet future capital 
expenditure requirements in the longer term, or be able to do so at a reasonable cost. The terms and conditions on 
which future funding or financing may be made available may not be acceptable or funding or financing may not 
be available at all. Moreover, if debt is raised in the longer term, the Group may become more leveraged and 
subject to additional restrictive financial covenants and ratios. The Group's inability to procure, in the long term, 
sufficient financing for these purposes could adversely affect its ability to expand its businesses and meet its 
performance targets which in turn may result in the Group facing unexpected costs and delays in implementing 
project developments.

--- Page 32 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
The Group must observe financial ratios and covenants under the terms of its indebtedness 
All the Group's major credit facilities and bond issues contain restrictive covenants that require compliance with 
certain financial ratios and covenants. Whilst the Group believes that the financial ratios and covenants contained 
in the Group's credit facilities and bond issues allow sufficient flexibility for the Group to continue to conduct its 
business in the normal course and to meet its debt servicing obligations, the need to observe these financial ratios 
and covenants nevertheless could hinder the Group's ability to incur additional debt and grow its business. 
Any deterioration in the Group's operating performance, including due to the negative economic developments 
and conditions in Europe, or any financial, business or other factors, many of which are beyond its control, may 
materially adversely affect its cash flow and hinder its ability to service its indebtedness and result in covenant 
breaches under the Group's credit facilities or bond issues. While the Group is currently in compliance with all its 
credit facilities and bond issues (or in certain cases waivers were obtained), if, in the future, the Group does not 
generate sufficient cash flow from operations (for example, due to the negative economic developments and 
conditions in Europe) in order to meet its debt service obligations or if it breaches covenants which are not waived 
by its creditors, the Group may have to refinance or restructure its debt, reduce or delay its planned development 
activities or sell some of its properties in order to avoid default and acceleration of its debt by creditors. Waivers 
by the Group's creditors may trigger higher interest rates or waiver fees. Some of the ratios and financial covenants 
in the Group's borrowings are calculated on the basis of the fair value of its properties. Therefore, fluctuations in 
the fair value of the Group's properties could have an adverse impact on its compliance with relevant financial 
ratios and covenants. The Group cannot guarantee that any refinancing or additional financing would be available 
at all or on acceptable terms in such a situation. If the Group defaults under any of its existing indebtedness and 
its creditors accelerate the debt, the Group may forfeit the property securing the indebtedness and its income may 
be substantially reduced. Any failure to meet its debt service obligations, to obtain waivers of covenant breaches 
or to refinance its debt on commercially acceptable terms in such a situation could lead to serious consequences 
for the Group, including the sale of properties to repay lenders and substantial retrenchment of its business. 
The Group may be unable to raise the financing that it requires or refinance existing debt at maturity 
The Group is dependent upon continued access to debt financing and liquidity. The Group primarily uses, and has 
used in the past, debt and equity issuances, together with cash flows from operations and sale of listed securities, 
to finance the Group's acquisition of property.  
The Group may need to issue additional debt financing in the future to finance its operations and/or refinance its 
existing debt financing, or may need to extend the maturity of its revolving bank facilities. The Group’s ability to 
successfully refinance its debt is dependent on the conditions of the capital markets and its financial condition at 
such time as well as other available financing alternatives. The Group’s access to financing sources may not be 
available on favourable terms or at all and/or materially increase its financing costs. Furthermore, any delay in 
obtaining, or a failure to obtain, suitable or adequate debt financing from time to time (including suitable terms 
on which the banks or other lenders may agree to lend) may impair the Group's ability to invest in suitable property 
investments (including developments). Any delay in refinancing, or the inability to refinance on commercially 
acceptable terms, debt falling due in accordance with the maturity schedule of the Group's indebtedness may result 
in an acceleration of such debt, and enforcement of any pledged assets in support of such debt, against the relevant 
Group entity. The factors that affect the availability of financing and financing costs, including the maintenance 
of the Guarantor's investment grade credit ratings, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
The main shareholders of the Group are and have been based in South Africa and the Group's equity issuances 
are, and have in the past been, primarily focused on South African investors. All transfers of money out of South 
Africa require the approval of the South African Reserve Bank (the "SARB"). Failure to obtain the SARB's 
approval for, or an increase in the restrictions imposed by the SARB on, the repatriation of funds out of South 
Africa may impair the Group's ability to raise adequate equity financing and to invest directly in suitable property 
(including developments). In addition, South African market conditions and economic cycles may differ from 
time to time from those in the countries where the Group operates, which may also affect the availability of equity 
financing and could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and 
results of operations. 
The Group is exposed to risks arising out of media coverage (perception risk) 
The Group is keen to ensure proper media exposure and while it benefits from things such as an increase of 
visibility within markets and an increase of visitors within shopping centres, such exposure can also lead to the

--- Page 33 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
quick perpetuation of any negative perceptions by the public.  
Although the Group makes proper use of all instruments granted by relevant legislation to challenge and address 
false, inaccurate or in any way misleading information published in the media, the brand of the Group may be 
adversely impacted by dissemination of any misleading information. Moreover, such information disseminated 
by media may lead, in certain cases, to investigations conducted by the regulatory authorities, control bodies or 
other officials and to a decline in the price of the Group's securities. These matters may have a negative effect on 
the Group's share and bond prices, results of operations or financial condition, or the availability of capital to the 
Group. 
The Group is exposed to interest rate risks, the risk of loss and counterparty risk during hedging transactions 
Changes in interest rates can affect the Group's profitability by affecting the spread between, among other things, 
the income on its assets and the expense of its interest-bearing liabilities, the value of any interest-earning assets, 
its ability to make acquisitions and pursue development activity and its ability to realise gains from the sale of its 
assets. In the event of a rising interest rate environment and/or economic downturn, loan defaults may increase 
and result in credit losses that may be expected to affect the Group's liquidity and operating results adversely. 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including the expected inflation rate, governmental, monetary 
and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations, fiscal deficits, trade surpluses 
or deficits, regulatory requirements and other factors beyond the Group's control. 
The Group may finance its investments with both fixed and floating rate debt. The performance of an investment 
may be affected adversely if the Group fails to limit the effects of changes in interest rates on its operations. While 
the Group enters into hedging transactions on an ongoing basis, in particular to hedge against changes in interest 
rates and the related fluctuations in its financial costs, such hedging transactions may prove to be inefficient or 
unsuitable for attaining the objectives sought and may result in losses recognised in the profit and loss. This may 
have material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
The Group will also be exposed to the credit risk of the relevant counterparty with respect to relevant payments 
in connection with such arrangements. 
A substantial increase in interest rates may increase the Group's interest expense and ability to refinance at the 
same rates. In addition, an increase in interest rates may also affect private consumption or the ability of the 
Group's tenants to pay rents or may lead to a decrease in occupancy rates and/or tenants' turnovers. 
Tightening regulation of the banking and insurance sector may contribute to higher costs of financing for the 
banks, which may again result in an increase in the price of the Group's new debt financing and the Group's 
average interest rate level. Furthermore, over the next few years, the Group will have to refinance loan agreements 
and bonds. The cost of refinancing such loans and bonds, or the cost of related derivatives, may increase. Such a 
rise in loan margins is likely to push the Group's average interest rate upwards in the future, even if market interest 
rates remained largely unchanged. 
Any increase in interest rates, the Group's interest expense or credit margins could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
Risks related to the markets in which the Group operates 
There can be no assurance that the Group will be successful in implementing its strategy or achieving its 
financial targets or investment objectives 
The Group is focused on operating and expanding its portfolio of regionally dominant assets in the CEE region 
through the acquisition, as well as development of, retail assets that meet its investment criteria, while at the same 
time further developing the implementation of its omnichannel initiative. No assurances can be given that the 
implementation of the Group's strategy, and achieving its financial targets and investment objectives, will be 
successful under current or future market conditions. The Group's approach may be modified and revised from 
time to time. It is therefore possible that the approach adopted to implement its strategy and to achieve its 
investment objectives and financial targets in the future may be different from that presently expected to be used 
and disclosed in this Base Prospectus. 
The availability of potential investments that meet the Group's investment criteria will depend on the state of the 
economy and financial markets in the CEE region. The supply of real estate assets might be limited for example 
due to fewer sales of real estate assets by sellers. Constriction of supply could further increase competition for

--- Page 34 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
acquisitions of properties that would be suitable for the Group and could also motivate potential sellers to sell 
properties in an auction process. All this may result in an increase in the price of properties. Competition from 
larger real estate companies, which may have access to cheaper funding in the markets in which the Group intends 
to expand its business, combined with the potential entry of new international investors in the markets where the 
Group is already present, may make it more challenging for the Group to acquire new properties and expand its 
portfolio and could weaken its market share and growth possibilities. 
As a result, it could be more difficult for the Group to compete and successfully acquire properties, which could 
limit its ability to grow its business effectively and could have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, prospects and results of operations. 
Furthermore, even though the Group obtains third-party appraisals and performs discounted cash flow analyses 
as part of its assessment of potential investments and does not rely on capital appreciation as its primary source 
of gain, the Group may compute purchase prices incorrectly due to incomplete or incorrect information and it may 
overpay for the properties it acquires which could have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, prospects and results of operations.  
A decreased demand for, or an increased supply of, or a contraction of the market for, properties in the CEE 
region, could adversely affect the business and financial condition of the Group 
Changes in supply and demand for real estate assets, or a contraction of the property market in any of the countries 
in which the Group has its operations or assets (for example as a result of the negative economic developments 
and conditions in Europe) may negatively influence the occupancy rates of the Group's properties, rental rates, 
the level of demand and ultimately the value of such properties. Similarly, the demand for rental space at the 
Group's existing properties may decrease as a result of poor economic conditions, an increase in available space 
and heightened competition for stronger and better performing tenants. This could result in lower occupancy rates, 
higher capital expenditure required to contract or retain tenants, lower rental income owing to lower rental rates, 
as well as, shorter lease periods. All of these risks, if realised, could have a negative impact on the business, 
financial condition, prospects and results of operations of the Group. 
The Group may not be able to realise its expected rates of return on its projects if the real estate market in the 
CEE region becomes saturated 
Prior to the onset of the global financial crisis, the real estate market in the CEE region was characterised by a 
continued increase in investment activity from both domestic and international investors and in the number of 
projects that were planned. The real estate market in the CEE region largely recovered from the economic 
downturn and the level of investment activity increased and in the future it may reach saturation if the supply of 
commercial properties exceeds demand. On the other hand, due to the negative economic developments and 
conditions in Europe, retail space demand and occupancy levels may decrease. Saturation or perceived over-
supply of lettable commercial space in the real estate market would result in a decrease in occupancy rates and/or 
a decrease in market rental rates and sale prices. If occupancy rates fall and/or market rental rates decrease, the 
Group may not be able to realise its expected rates of return on its properties and development projects or may be 
unable to let its properties at all, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, 
prospects and results of operations. 
Financial volatility and default risk can lead to severe negative consequences in the markets in which the 
Group operates as well as to the Group's credit ratings, business, financial condition, prospects and results of 
operations 
Large sovereign debt and/or fiscal deficits of a number of Eurozone countries as well as high levels of 
unemployment in many Eurozone countries have raised concerns regarding the financial condition of financial 
institutions, insurers and other corporates that are located in these countries and that have direct or indirect 
exposure to these countries (i) as a result of having operations in such countries and/or (ii) whose banks, 
counterparties, custodians, customers, service providers, sources of funding and/or suppliers have direct or 
indirect exposure to such countries. Such factors are expected to be exacerbated by the negative economic 
developments and conditions in Europe. The default, or a significant decline in the credit rating of one or more 
sovereigns (including the sovereigns in one or more of the Group's main markets, such as Romania) or financial 
institutions, or large scale defaults by corporates, could cause severe stress in the financial system generally and 
could adversely affect the markets in which the Issuer and the Guarantor operate and the businesses and economic 
condition and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantor and their respective counterparties, customers, suppliers 
or creditors, directly or indirectly, in ways which are difficult to predict.

--- Page 35 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
Further, economically challenging times can lead to deterioration in the creditworthiness of tenants, increased rent 
arrears or service charge shortfall, rising vacancy rates and loss of rent. At the same time, it is very difficult or 
impossible for the Issuer to hedge against risks resulting from the financial crisis and sovereign debt crisis. 
Such unfavourable developments could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's and the Guarantor's business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group is dependent on economic, demographic and market developments in Romania, Poland, Hungary, 
Slovakia, Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Serbia, Lithuania and the CEE region more generally 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group's estimated property portfolio in use was as follows (by market value): 36 
per cent. was located in Romania, 28 per cent. in Poland, 9 per cent. in Hungary, 8 per cent. in Slovakia, 8 per 
cent. in Bulgaria, 4 per cent. in Croatia, 3 per cent. in the Czech Republic, 2 per cent. in Lithuania and 2 per cent. 
in Serbia (based on market value of the properties). Accordingly, due to the concentration of its portfolio in the 
wider CEE region, the Group is dependent on the trends in the real estate markets in Romania, Poland, Hungary, 
Slovakia, Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Serbia and Lithuania, as well as on the general economic and 
demographic conditions and developments in these countries. In particular, Romanian, Polish and Hungarian 
policy-making and regulatory frameworks are often subject to rapid and radical changes, the consequences of 
which may be difficult to foresee, or which could potentially lead to slower economic growth or general 
deterioration of economic conditions in those countries. 
The current negative economic developments and conditions in Europe have materially affected the prospects for 
economic output and labour markets and, without measures taken by governments in the jurisdictions where the 
Group operates to sustain employment, unemployment rates may rise to higher levels. In addition, issues 
concerning the European Union, including immigration generally as well as the UK's exit from the European 
Union, where many CEE citizens are currently employed, may trigger an increase in unemployment rates in the 
CEE region. Also, declining demographic trends in the CEE countries may trigger an increase in the age 
dependency ratio in these countries. The deterioration of economic conditions in the countries where the Group 
operates or globally, resulting in an increase in unemployment or a decline in real income, could adversely affect 
the financial condition of the Group's tenants and other counterparties and their ability to meet their contractual 
obligations towards the Group. Furthermore, a global economic downturn could lead to loss of confidence by 
international investors and hence adversely affect the real estate markets where the Group's investment policy is 
focused. These developments in turn could have a material adverse impact on the Group's business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The markets in the CEE region are subject to greater risks than more developed markets, including legal, 
economic, fiscal and political risks that could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business 
Investors in emerging and developing markets such as the countries in which the Group has its operations or assets 
should be aware that these markets are subject to greater legal, economic, fiscal and political risks than mature 
markets and are subject to rapid and sometimes unpredictable change. In general, investing in the securities of 
issuers with substantial operations in emerging or developing markets such as the CEE region, involves a higher 
degree of risk than investing in the securities of issuers with substantial operations in the countries of Western 
Europe or other similar jurisdictions. Changes in economic and political situations in one emerging or developing 
market country may have a negative or unrelated consequential impact on the economic and political situation in 
other emerging or developing market countries. 
The Group's operations in the CEE region are exposed to risks which are common to all regions that have recently 
undergone, or are undergoing political, economic and social change, including currency fluctuations, an evolving 
regulatory environment, inflation, economic downturns, local market disruptions, labour unrest, changes in 
disposable income or gross national product, variations in interest rates and taxation policies and other similar 
factors. Political or economic instability resulting from the occurrence of any of these risks may adversely affect 
the real estate market in the CEE region. 
As a result, the Group's performance could be significantly affected by events in the CEE region which are beyond 
its control, such as a general downturn in the economy, political instability, changes in regulatory requirements 
and applicable laws (including in relation to taxation), the condition of financial markets and interest and inflation 
rate fluctuations. Such events could reduce the Group's rental income and/or the market value of its properties, 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and results of 
operations.

--- Page 36 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
The Group faces business risks stemming from central banks' monetary policy decisions. Any rise in interest 
rates could have material adverse effects on real estate markets and on the Group 
Several central banks, including the European Central Bank and the U.S. Federal Reserve, have raised interest 
rates and announced their intention to further raise interest rates in response to rising inflation, as well as reducing 
their holding of corporate bonds, which may reduce the liquidity of corporate bonds in the market. The increase 
in interest rates, depending on the size and pace of any further such increase, could potentially lead to a slowdown 
in general economic activity and, in severe cases, to a recession. Because of the dampening effect that a tighter 
monetary policy typically has on the general economy, private households on average are likely to have less 
disposable income, which may impact the performance of the Group's tenants. In addition, the cost at which the 
Group is able to raise new financing and refinance its existing liabilities has increased and could increase further. 
Moreover, asset prices may further decline, which could lead to a reduction in the value of the Group's property 
portfolio. These interest rate rises, including any future rises as a result of any continued tightening of monetary 
policy by central banks could materially adversely affect the Group's business activities, results of operations, net 
assets, financial condition or cash flow in a variety of ways. See "Risk Factors – Rise of inflation may affect the 
Group’s business, financial condition and result of operations". 
Hostilities with neighbouring countries and civil unrest in the CEE region may adversely affect the economies 
of countries in the CEE region, disrupt the Group's operations and cause its business to suffer  
CEE region countries have from time to time experienced instances of hostilities with neighbouring countries 
(such as the ongoing conflict in Ukraine). Military activity or terrorist attacks in the future could influence the 
economies of CEE countries by disrupting communications, making travel more difficult and deterring inwards 
investment. Such political tensions could create a greater perception that investments in companies in the CEE 
region involve a higher degree of risk. Events of this nature in the future, as well as social and civil unrest within 
other countries in Europe, could influence the economies of CEE region countries and could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business and results of operation. 
Legal regimes in the CEE region differ from those in Western Europe and legal systems and legislation in the 
CEE region continue to develop, which may create an uncertain environment for investments and for business 
activity in general 
The legal systems of most of the countries in the CEE region have undergone dramatic changes in recent years as 
a result of EU membership and generally in alignment with countries with more developed legal jurisdictions. 
In many cases, the interpretation and procedural safeguards of the new legal and regulatory systems are still being 
developed, which may result in the promulgation of new laws, changes in existing laws, inconsistent application 
of existing laws and regulations and uncertainty as to the application and effect of new laws and regulations.  
Generally, in civil law jurisdictions such as Romania and other countries where the Group operates, judicial 
decisions have no precedential effect and therefore courts may not be bound by earlier court decisions taken in 
the same or similar circumstances, which can result in the inconsistent application of such countries' legislation 
to resolve the same or similar disputes.  
Additionally, in some circumstances, it may not be possible to obtain the legal remedies provided for under 
relevant laws and regulations in a reasonably timely manner or at all. A lack of legal certainty or the inability to 
obtain effective legal remedies in a reasonably timely manner may have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
The insolvency laws of The Netherlands may not be as favourable to Noteholders as insolvency laws of 
jurisdictions with which Noteholders may be familiar and may preclude Noteholders from recovering payments 
due on the Notes 
The Issuer is incorporated in the Netherlands and each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has its centre of main 
interest, for the purposes of EU insolvency regulations, in The Netherlands. Accordingly, insolvency proceedings 
with respect to the Issuer and the Guarantor would proceed under, and be governed by, Dutch insolvency laws, 
subject to certain exceptions provided for in Regulation (EU) 2015/848 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of May 20, 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast). The insolvency laws of The Netherlands may not 
be as favourable to investors' interests as those of other jurisdictions with which investors may be familiar and 
may limit the ability of Noteholders to enforce the terms of the Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
The Group's assets may be subject to expropriation and confiscation 
Subject to certain specific requirements under local law (such as the necessity for properties in certain 
circumstances to be used in local national interest) and subject to prior fair compensation having been paid to the 
Group's relevant subsidiary, certain governments may enforce policies of expropriating part or all of a property 
owned by the Group's subsidiaries. However, there can be no certainty that such fair compensation shall equal the 
respective property's full market value. 
Expropriation or confiscation of the companies in which the Group invests, their assets or portions thereof, 
potentially with inadequate compensation, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, prospects and results of operations depending on the relevant property involved. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET GENERALLY 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk.  
The trading market for debt securities may be volatile and may be adversely impacted by many events 
The market for debt securities is influenced by economic and market conditions. There can be no assurance that 
events in Europe or elsewhere will not cause market volatility or that such volatility will not adversely affect the 
price of the Notes or that economic and market conditions will not have any other material adverse effect on the 
value of Notes held by Noteholders. 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, 
it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly 
the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more 
price volatility than conventional debt securities. The liquidity of the Notes may also be impacted by any exercise 
of a put option by Noteholders or the exercise of a call option of part only of the Notes by the Issuer. Illiquidity 
may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks  
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange 
rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of 
the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of 
the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain such features. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.

--- Page 38 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that 
time. 
With respect to the Clean-Up Call Option by the Issuer (Condition 7(h)), there is no obligation on the Issuer to 
inform investors if and when the 80% threshold of the nominal amount of Notes of a particular Series of Notes 
has been reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer's right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that 
immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-Up Call Option, the Notes may 
have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect the 
secondary market and the market value of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when 
it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower 
than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower 
than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which 
are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented.   
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input 
data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another 
benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order 
to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes 
could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility 
of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals 
for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations 
or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain 
"benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it 
would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" 
which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and 
contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the 
new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the 
first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the 
terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, 
or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark.

--- Page 39 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions, or 
result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes 
whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, 
even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as 
to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant 
Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the 
same benchmark. 
The Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, 
such as EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other successor 
service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (each as defined in the 
Conditions), as applicable, otherwise occurs. Such an event may be deemed to have occurred prior to the issue 
date for a Series of Notes.  Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set 
by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may 
be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant governmental body, by reference 
to a spread that is customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions or that is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions or in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such 
adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. 
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed 
rate for Floating Rate Notes . In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and 
alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions) in certain 
circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with 
respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates for 
Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and the €STR - as reference rates for Eurobonds continues to develop. This 
relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for 
the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might 
be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under this 
Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA Compounded Index, 
SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index or €STR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when 
compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the 
Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market 
price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in 
the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may 
put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free rate notes 
issued to date. No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including those in the terms and 
conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, market participants and relevant

--- Page 40 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including various ways to 
produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an 
average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such 
risk-free rates. If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading 
price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing rates or indices 
that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes which 
reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects and 
have a limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and other inter-bank offered rates 
in a number of material respects. These include (without limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, 
calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, 
secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are 
unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-
free rates may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes. 
Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will 
perform differently over time to an unsecured rate. For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 
2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks 
or other market rates.  
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, future 
performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. The level of 
such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior observed patterns, 
if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may change in the 
future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such 
risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes 
which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, 
both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes linked to interbank 
offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as a result of an Event of 
Default under Condition 12 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest 
Payment Date, the final Interest Rate payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a 
shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are 
scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices may make changes that could change the 
value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related 
index 
The Bank of England, the United States Federal Reserve Bank or the European Central Bank (or their successors) 
as administrators of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and the SOFR Compounded Index) 
and €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of these risk-free 
rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such risk-free rates are calculated, 
eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR or €STR, or timing related to the 
publication of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue 
or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index (in which case a fallback 
method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider 
the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free 
rate.  
Notes issued as Green Bonds with a specific use of proceeds may not meet investor expectations or requirements   
The Final Terms relating to a specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it is the Issuer's intention to apply the 
proceeds of those Notes for projects that contribute to the environmental objective of climate change mitigation,

--- Page 41 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
low carbon society, and the achievement of UN Sustainable Development Goals ("Eligible Green Projects"). A 
prospective investor should have regard to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms and determine for 
itself the relevance of such information for the purpose of an investment in such Notes together with any other 
investigation it deems necessary.  
No assurance is given that such use of proceeds will satisfy any present or future investment criteria or guidelines 
with which an investor is required, or intends, to comply, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental or sustainability impact of any project or uses, the subject of or related to, the Group's Green 
Finance Framework.  
No assurance can be given that Eligible Green Projects will meet investor expectations or requirements regarding 
any "green", "sustainable" or similar labels (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called "EU Taxonomy") or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it 
forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA). Each prospective investor should 
have regard to the relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and seek advice from their independent 
financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of the Notes before deciding to invest. The 
Group's Green Finance Framework may be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any 
description given in this Base Prospectus. The Group's Green Finance Framework does not form part of, nor is 
incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus.   
Provisional political agreement has been reached in February 2023 on the legislative proposal for a European 
Green Bond Standard, which will be a voluntary label for issuers of green use of proceeds bonds (such as certain 
Green Bonds) where the proceeds will be invested in economic activities aligned with the EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy. However, the provisional political agreement remains subject to change and there is no assurance if 
or when such European Green Bond Standard will be confirmed and adopted by the European Council and 
European Parliament. Any Green Bonds issued under this Programme will not be aligned with such European 
Green Bond Standard and are intended to comply with the criteria and processes set out in the Group's Green 
Finance Framework only. It is not clear at this stage the impact which the European Green Bond Standard, if and 
when implemented, may have on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds (such as Green 
Bonds) that do not meet such standard. It could reduce demand and liquidity for Green Bonds and their price. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Notes issued as Green 
Bonds for Eligible Green Projects, there is no contractual obligation to do so. There can be no assurance that any 
such Eligible Green Projects will be available or capable of being implemented in the manner and timeframe 
anticipated and, accordingly, that the Issuer will be able to use an amount equal to such net proceeds for such 
Eligible Green Projects as intended. In addition, there can be no assurance that Eligible Green Projects will be 
completed as expected or achieve the impacts or outcomes (environmental or otherwise) originally expected or 
anticipated. None of a failure by the Issuer to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Notes issued as 
Green Bonds or a failure of a third party to issue (or to withdraw) an opinion or certification in connection with 
an issue of Green Bonds or the failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds to meet investors' expectations 
requirements regarding any "green", "sustainable" or similar labels will constitute an Event of Default or breach 
of contract with respect to any of the Notes issued as Green Bonds. 
An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of any Green Bonds which, from time to time, are not allocated 
as funding for Eligible Green Projects are intended by the Issuer to be held pending allocation in its treasury 
liquidity portfolio, in cash or other short term and liquid instruments. 
The Issuer does not undertake to ensure that there are at any time sufficient Eligible Green Projects to allow for 
allocation of a sum equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such Green Bonds in full.  
If any of the risks outlined in this risk factor materialise this may have a material adverse effect on the value of 
such Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets 
(which consequences may include the need to sell the Notes as a result of the Notes not falling within the investor's 
investment criteria or mandate). 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification of 
any third party relating to any Green Bonds 
The Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is a 
statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. No representation or assurance is given as to the suitability or

--- Page 42 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any opinion or certification of any third party made available in 
connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds. The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion 
or certification is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of any investment in any Note, 
including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any other factors that 
may affect the value of the Notes. The Second Party Opinion and any other opinion or certification is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued.  
The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion 
or certification may change at any time and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, 
replaced and/or withdrawn. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications 
are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein. The Second 
Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference 
in, this Base Prospectus.  
No assurance that Green Bonds will be admitted to trading on any dedicated "green" or "sustainable" (or 
similar) segment of any stock exchange or market, or that any admission obtained will be maintained 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", "sustainable"  or other 
equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given 
that such listing or admission satisfies any present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor is required, or intends, to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings 
or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation or 
assurance is given or made by that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such 
Notes or that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
If any of the risks outlined in this risk factor materialise this may have a material adverse effect on the value of 
such Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets 
(which consequences may include the need to sell the Notes as a result of the Notes not falling within the investor's 
investment criteria or mandate). 
Green Bonds are not linked to the performance of the Eligible Green Projects, and do not benefit from any 
arrangements to enhance the performance of the Notes or any contractual rights derived solely from the 
intended use of proceeds of such Notes 
The performance of the Green Bonds is not linked to the performance of the relevant Eligible Green Projects or 
the performance of the Issuer in respect of any environmental or similar targets. There will be no segregation of 
assets and liabilities in respect of the Green Bonds and the Eligible Green Projects. Consequently, neither 
payments of principal and/or interest on the Green Bonds nor any rights of Noteholders shall depend on the 
performance of the relevant Eligible Green Projects or the performance of the Issuer in respect of any such 
environmental or similar targets. Holders of any Green Bonds shall have no preferential rights or priority against 
the assets of any Eligible Green Project nor benefit from any arrangements to enhance the performance of the 
Notes. 
RISKS RELATED TO NOTES GENERALLY 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally. 
The Issuer is a holding, financing, licensing and an advisory and support company and its ability to pay interest 
and/or principal depends upon the ability of its subsidiaries to advance funds 
The Issuer is a holding, financing, licensing and an advisory and support company and its ability to pay interest 
and/or principal depends upon the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends, interest and advisory and support 
fees and advance funds to it. 
All real estate assets are owned by and the large majority of revenues are generated by the Issuer's subsidiaries. 
Because the Issuer conducts its business through the Group's subsidiaries, its ability to pay interest and/or principal 
under the Notes, and on any other of its borrowings, depends on the earnings and cash flow of the Group's 
subsidiaries and their ability to pay the Issuer dividends, interest and advisory and support fees and to advance 
funds to it. The Group's subsidiaries are legally separated from the Issuer and have no obligation to make payments 
to the Issuer of any surpluses generated from their business. Other contractual and legal restrictions applicable to 
the Group's subsidiaries could also limit the Issuer's ability to obtain cash from them. Furthermore, the Issuer's

--- Page 43 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
right to participate in any distribution of its subsidiaries' assets upon their liquidation, reorganisation or insolvency 
would generally be subject to prior claims of the subsidiaries' creditors, including lenders and trade creditors, to 
contractual provisions under its loan agreements limiting its ability to recover claims in favour of its creditors and 
to obligations that may be preferred by provisions of law that are mandatory and of general application. 
Thus, the Notes are structurally subordinated to the claims of all holders of debt securities and other creditors, 
including trade creditors, of the Issuer's subsidiaries and structurally and/or effectively subordinated to the extent 
of the value of collateral provided to the Issuer's and the Issuer's subsidiaries' secured creditors. There can be no 
assurance that the Group and its assets would be protected from any actions by the creditors of any subsidiary, 
whether under bankruptcy law, by contract or otherwise. In addition, defaults by, or the insolvency of, certain 
subsidiaries could result in proceedings against the Issuer to enforce the obligation of the Issuer to make payments 
under parent company financial or performance guarantees in respect of such subsidiaries' obligations or the 
occurrence of cross defaults on certain borrowings of the Group. This in turn could materially affect the Group's 
operations.  
The Notes will be effectively subordinated to any of the Issuer's or the Guarantor's existing secured and future 
secured indebtedness 
The Notes and the Guarantee are (subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and the Guarantor, respectively. The Notes are effectively subordinated to the Issuer's or the Guarantor's existing 
secured indebtedness and future secured indebtedness. Accordingly, holders of the Issuer's or the Guarantor's 
secured indebtedness will have claims that are superior to the claims of Noteholders to the extent of the value of 
the assets securing such other indebtedness. In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor, the assets that serve as collateral for any secured indebtedness of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
would be available to satisfy the obligations under the secured indebtedness before any payments are made on the 
Notes. Other than as set out in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) and Condition 5 (Financial Covenants), the 
Conditions do not prohibit the Issuer or the Guarantor from incurring and securing future indebtedness. 
The Notes will constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
The Issuer's obligations under the Notes will be unsecured. Accordingly, any claims against the Issuer under the 
Notes would be unsecured claims. The Issuer's ability to pay such claims will depend upon, among other factors, 
its liquidity, overall financial strength and its ability and that of the Group's subsidiaries to generate cash flows, 
which could be affected by, inter alia, the circumstances described in these risk factors. Any such factors could 
affect the Issuer's ability to make payment of interest and principal under the Notes. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally and to obtain Written Resolutions (as defined in the Trust Deed) on matters 
relating to the Notes from Noteholders without calling a meeting. A Written Resolution signed by or on behalf of 
the holders of not less than three-quarters of the nominal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series who for the 
time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed and 
whose Notes are outstanding shall, for all purposes, take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution. 
In certain circumstances, where the Notes are held in global form in the clearing systems, the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the Trustee (as the case may be) will be entitled to rely upon: 
(i) 
where the terms of the proposed resolution have been notified through the relevant clearing 
system(s), approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Trustee (as the 
case may be) given by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic 
communications systems of the relevant clearing systems in accordance with their operating 
rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-quarters of the nominal 
amount of the Notes of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding; and 
(ii) 
where electronic consent is not being sought, consent or instructions given in writing directly to 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the Trustee (as the case may be) by accountholders in the 
clearing systems with entitlements to such global note or certificate or, where the accountholders 
hold such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction 
by the person for whom such entitlement is ultimately beneficially held (directly or via one or 
more intermediaries).

--- Page 44 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
A Written Resolution or an electronic consent as described above may be effected in connection with any matter 
affecting the interests of Noteholders, including the modification of the Conditions, that would otherwise be 
required to be passed at a meeting of Noteholders satisfying the special quorum in accordance with the provisions 
of the Trust Deed, and shall for all purposes take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders duly convened and held. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary 
to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders or 
Couponholders, agree to (i) any modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed that is of a formal, minor 
or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other modification (except as mentioned in 
the Trust Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any of the provisions of the 
Trust Deed that is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any 
such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, if the 
Trustee so requires, such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable.  
The Trust Deed also contains provisions which allow, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, 
a legal entity to assume the obligations of the Issuer as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes, in 
the circumstances described in Condition 10 of the Notes. 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant 
Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes, which may have a material adverse effect on 
the value of the Notes. 
Bearer Notes where denominations involve integral multiples 
In relation to any issue of Notes in bearer form which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination (as defined in the Conditions) plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, 
it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denominations. In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant 
time will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified 
Denominations. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination that is not 
an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Eligibility of the Notes for Eurosystem Monetary Policy 
The New Global Note form has been introduced to allow for the possibility of debt instruments to be held in a 
manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility. This means that any such Notes are upon issue deposited with 
one of the international central securities depositories as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that 
such Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem ("Eurosystem Eligible Collateral") either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria and other obligations 
(including the provision of further information) as specified by the European Central Bank from time to time. The 
Issuer and Guarantor do not give any representation, warranty, confirmation or guarantee to any investor that such 
Notes will, either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life, satisfy all or any requirements for Eurosystem 
eligibility and be recognised as Eurosystem Eligible Collateral. Any potential investor in any such Notes should 
make their own conclusions and seek their own advice with respect to whether or not any such Notes constitute 
Eurosystem Eligible Collateral.

--- Page 45 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
Certain alternative performance measures (as defined in the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance 
Measures) ("Alternative Performance Measures" or "APMs") are included in this Base Prospectus. Such APMs 
are defined where they are first used in this Base Prospectus. The Group's management uses the APMs to assess 
the Group's operating performance because it believes that the APMs are important supplemental measures of the 
Group's performance. In addition, the Group's management believes that the APMs are frequently used by 
securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of companies that operate in its industry. 
The APMs are not presentations specifically defined by International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") and 
the Group's use of the terms that comprise the APMs may vary from others in its industry due to differences in 
accounting policies or differences in the calculation methodology of these terms by others in the Group's industry. 
The APMs have limitations as analytical tools, and should not be considered in isolation, or as substitutes for 
financial information as reported under IFRS. The APMs should not be considered as alternatives to profit before 
tax or any other performance measures derived in accordance with IFRS or as alternatives to cash flow from 
operating activities or as measures of the Group's liquidity. Such measures as presented in this Base Prospectus 
may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of performance presented by other companies, and they should 
not be considered as substitutes for the information contained in the Guarantor Audited Consolidated Financial 
Statements, which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (see "Selected Financial Information").

--- Page 46 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
SUPPLEMENTARY BASE PROSPECTUS 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration 
of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information 
contained in this Base Prospectus the Issuer shall prepare an amendment or supplement to this Base Prospectus 
or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and 
shall supply to each Dealer and the Trustee such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer and 
the Trustee may reasonably request.

--- Page 47 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following tables contain selected historical consolidated financial information for the Guarantor as of the 
dates and the periods indicated.  
The Guarantor's consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of cash flows and 
reconciliation of profit for the period to distributable earnings for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021 and its consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2021 have been derived from or calculated based on the information extracted from the audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 
(together, the "Guarantor Audited Consolidated Financial Statements"), which have been prepared in 
accordance with IFRS.  
Prospective investors should read the following selected consolidated financial information in conjunction with 
the rest of the information contained herein including, but not limited to, the information contained in the section 
titled "Risk Factors" as well as the Guarantor Audited Consolidated Financial Statements (including the auditor's 
reports) set forth and incorporated by reference herein.  
The Issuer has prepared its consolidated financial statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2021 in accordance with IFRS, as adopted by the European Union and Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch 
Civil Code (the "Issuer Financial Statements"). The Issuer Financial Statements, together with the Guarantor 
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements, have been incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 48 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
GUARANTOR'S CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
 
As at 31 
December 2022 
As at 31 
December 2021 
 
Unless otherwise 
stated, all 
amounts are in 
€'000  
Unless otherwise 
stated, all 
amounts are in 
€'000  
ASSETS 
 
 
Non–current assets 
6,764,255 
6,027,271 
Investment property 
6,596,137 
5,841,676 
- Investment property in use 
6,331,793 
5,670,776 
- Investment property under development 
264,344 
170,900 
Goodwill 
76,804 
76,804 
Deferred tax assets 
54,679 
48,669 
Investments in joint ventures 
- 
23,659 
Long–term loans granted to joint ventures 
- 
22,466 
Other long–term assets 
11,050 
9,455 
Derivative financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss 
25,585 
4,542 
Current assets 
367,300 
569,117 
Trade and other receivables 
85,496 
60,972 
Inventory property 
20,694 
9,522 
Cash and cash equivalents 
250,631 
498,623 
Derivative financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
10,479 
- 
Asset held for sale 
18,685 
1,752 
Total assets 
7,150,240 
6,598,140 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
3,898,721 
3,720,242 
Equity attributable to equity holders 
3,898,721 
3,714,922 
Share capital 
6,070 
6,090 
Share premium 
3,190,735 
3,550,061 
Other reserves 
(4,656) 
(3,384) 
Accumulated profit 
706,572 
162,155 
Non-controlling interest 
- 
5,320 
Total liabilities 
3,251,519 
2,877,898 
Non–current liabilities 
3,052,373 
2,716,314 
Bank loans 
546,744 
297,155 
Bonds 
1,978,708 
1,977,191 
Deferred tax liabilities 
419,554 
371,366 
Lease liabilities* 
36,368 
32,779 
Loans from third parties 
33,333 
- 
Other long–term liabilities 
37,666 
34,612 
Derivative financial liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss 
- 
3,211 
Current liabilities 
198,028 
161,584 
Trade and other payables 
155,002 
104,969 
Provisions for litigations** 
- 
37,304 
Bank loans 
11,157 
7,431 
Bonds 
14,263 
11,048 
Lease liabilities* 
832 
832 
Loans from third parties 
16,774 
- 
Liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale 
1,118 
- 
Total equity and liabilities 
7,150,240 
6,598,140 
Net Asset Value per share (euro) 
6.42 
6.10 
EPRA Net Reinstatement Value per share (euro)*** 
6.84 
6.51 
Number of shares for Net Asset Value / EPRA Net 
Reinstatement Value per share 
607,000,000 
608,994,907

--- Page 49 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
 
*At 31 December 2021, “Lease liabilities” (with a carrying amount of €33,612 thousand) were presented in line 
“Other long-term liabilities”. At 31 December 2022, these are presented on separate lines within "Non-current 
liabilities" (long-term portion) and “Current liabilities” (short-term portion), with corresponding comparatives 
re-classified accordingly, to enhance presentation. 
** At 31 December 2021, “Provisions for litigations” (with a carrying amount of €37,304 thousand) were 
presented in line “Trade and other payables”. At 31 December 2022, these are presented on a separate line, with 
corresponding comparative re-classified accordingly, to enhance presentation. 
***EPRA Net Reinstatement Value per share (non-IFRS measure) is Net Asset Value per share adjusted for the 
effect of non-monetary balance sheet items, such as deferred tax, goodwill and interest rate derivatives.

--- Page 50 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
GUARANTOR’S CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
Year ended 31 December^ 
 
2022 
2021 
 
Unless otherwise 
stated, all 
amounts are in 
€'000 
Unless otherwise 
stated, all 
amounts are in 
€'000  
Gross rental income 
422,051 
369,395 
Service charge income 
199,812 
167,324 
Property operating expenses 
(219,388) 
(172,063) 
Partial forgiveness of receivables  
(Covid-19 forgiveness)  
2,090 
(17,765) 
Net rental and related income* 
404,565 
346,891 
Administrative expenses 
(30,381) 
(24,665) 
Reversal of/(expenses) with litigation claim 
21,304 
(37,304) 
 
EBIT** 
395,488 
284,922 
 
 
 
Fair value adjustments of investment property 
141,701 
34,650 
Foreign exchange gain/(loss) 
1,585 
(935) 
Gain on disposal of assets held for sale 
1,121 
1,995 
 
 
 
Profit before net finance costs and other items 
539,895 
320,632 
Finance income ......................................................................................  
3,511 
1,423 
Finance costs ..........................................................................................  
(56,802) 
(62,649) 
Bank charges, commissions, and fees  ...................................................  
(4,298) 
(4,496) 
    Fair value adjustments of derivatives.......................................  
37,946 
5,174 
    Losses on extinguishment of financial instruments................................  
(21,925) 
- 
    Share of profit of joint ventures .............................................................  
3,280 
1,902 
 
 
 
Profit before tax .......................................................................................  
501,607 
261,986 
Income tax expense ..................................................................................  
(66,334) 
(26,917) 
Current tax expense ...................................................................................  
(23,068) 
(10,274) 
Deferred tax expense .................................................................................  
(43,266) 
(16,643) 
Profit after tax .........................................................................................  
435,273 
235,069 
Total comprehensive income for the year ..............................................  
435,273 
235,069 
Profit attributable to: 
 
 
Non-controlling interest .............................................................................  
106 
65 
Equity holders ...........................................................................................  
435,167 
235,004 
Total comprehensive income attributable to: 
 
 
Non-controlling interest .............................................................................  
106 
65 
Equity holders ...........................................................................................  
435,167 
235,004 
Basic weighted average number of shares .................................................  
607,756,809 
608,994,907 
Diluted weighted average number of shares ..............................................  
608,529,063 
608,994,907 
Basic earnings per share (euro cents) attributable to equity holders ..........  
71.60 
38.59 
Diluted earnings per share (euro cents) attributable to equity holders .......  
71.51 
38.59 
  
____________________________________ 
*Out of the total Net rental and related income for 2021, €2.5 million relates to the two Serbian properties (disposed of on 12 July 2021). 
**EBIT (Earnings Before Interest and Taxes) represents the Group's Operating profit, defined as Net rental and related income less 
Administrative expenses (Depreciation and Amortisation are included in Administrative expenses) 
^Subheadings “Net finance costs” and “Other items” shown in the Statement of comprehensive income at 31 December 2021 were removed 
in this Statement of comprehensive income, to ease understanding.

--- Page 51 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
GUARANTOR'S RECONCILIATION OF PROFIT FOR THE YEAR TO DISTRIBUTABLE 
EARNINGS* 
Year ended  
31 December 2022 
Year ended  
31 December 2021 
Unless otherwise 
stated, all amounts are 
in €'000 
Unless otherwise 
stated, all amounts 
are in €'000 
Profit per IFRS Statement of comprehensive income attributable to equity holders  
435,167 
235,004 
Accounting specific adjustments ....................................................................................  
(118,112) 
(25,391) 
Fair value adjustments of investment property for controlled 
subsidiaries ......................................................................................................................  
(141,701) 
 
(34,650) 
Depreciation and amortisation expense (in relation to property, plant and equipment 
of an administrative nature) ..............................................................................................  
1,469 
643 
Fair value adjustments of derivatives .....................................  
(37,946) 
(5,174) 
Losses on extinguishment of financial instruments 
21,925 
- 
Amortisation of financial assets ........................................................................................  
(1,940) 
(1,189) 
Deferred tax income for controlled subsidiaries ................................................................  
43,266 
16,643 
Gain on disposal of assets held for sale .............................................................................  
(1,121) 
(1,995) 
Adjustments related to joint ventures ...........................................................................  
(1,727) 
502 
Fair value adjustment of investment property for joint ventures .......................................  
 
(1,632) 
731 
Fair value adjustments of derivatives for joint ventures .........  
(407) 
(289) 
Depreciation in relation to property, plant and equipment of an administrative 
nature for joint venture 
(32) 
 
- 
Deferred tax expense for joint ventures .............................................................................  
344 
60 
Adjustments related to non-controlling interest ...........................................................  
7 
(171) 
Fair value adjustment of investment property for  
non-controlling interest .....................................................................................................  
(1)
(120) 
Deferred tax income/(expense) for non-controlling interest ..............................................  
8
(51) 
Antecedent earnings ........................................................................................................  
(344)
- 
Distributable earnings ....................................................................................................  
317,055
209,613 
Interim distributable earnings ...........................................................................................  
(139,058) 
(107,409) 
Final distributable earnings ...............................................................................................  
(177,997) 
(102,204) 
Distributable earnings per share (euro cents) ...............................................................  
52.15 
34.42 
Interim distributable earnings per share (euro cents)  ........................................................  
 
22.83 
17.64 
Final distributable earnings per share (euro cents) ............................................................  
29.32 
16.78 
Distribution declared ......................................................................................................  
308,155 
209,613 
Interim distribution ...........................................................................................................  
 
139,058 
107,409 
Final distribution ...............................................................................................................  
 
169,097 
102,204 
Distribution declared per share (euro cents) .................................................................  
50.68 
34.42 
Interim distribution per share (euro cents) 
 
22.83 
17.64 
Final distribution per share (euro cents) 
27.85 
16.78 
Earnings not distributed 
8,900 
- 
Earnings not distributed per share (euro cents)  
1.47 
- 
Number of shares entitled to interim distribution 
608,994,907 
608,994,907 
Number of shares entitled to final distribution 
607,000,000 
608,994,907 
 
Distributable earnings per share is prepared on a basis that is consistent with South African REIT funds from operations (SA REIT FFO) as 
set out in the SA REIT Association’s Best Practice Recommendations Second Edition. 
* This table is not part of the primary financial statements of the Guarantor and is an APM as defined under section “Alternative Performance 
Measures”

--- Page 52 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
GUARANTOR'S CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS* 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
Unless 
otherwise 
stated, all 
amounts 
are in €'000  
Unless 
otherwise 
stated, all 
amounts 
are in 
€'000  
OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 
 
Profit after tax 
435,273 
235,069 
Adjustments 
(56,340) 
89,702 
Fair value adjustments of investment property 
(141,701) 
(34,650) 
Foreign exchange (gain)/loss 
(1,585) 
935 
Gain on disposal of assets held for sale 
(1,121) 
(1,995) 
Net finance costs 
57,589 
65,722 
Fair value adjustments of derivatives 
(37,946) 
(5,174) 
Losses on extinguishment of financial instruments 
21,925 
- 
Deferred tax expense 
43,266 
16,643 
Current tax expense 
23,068 
10,274 
Depreciation expense for property, plant and equipment 
1,469 
643 
(Reversal of)/ Expense with litigation claim 
(21,304) 
37,304 
Changes in working capital 
(3,571) 
(740) 
(Increase) in trade and other receivables 
(12,484) 
(6,063) 
Increase in trade and other payables 
20,085 
11,545 
(Increase) in Inventory property 
(11,172) 
(6,222) 
Cash flow from operations 
375,362 
324,031 
Interest paid on loans and borrowings 
(5,972) 
(8,160) 
Interest paid on lease liabilities  
(577) 
(582) 
Bond coupon paid 
(44,024) 
(48,003) 
Income tax paid 
(9,479) 
(6,405) 
Bank charges paid 
(4,327) 
(4,366) 
Cash paid for litigation claim settlement 
(16,000) 
- 
Interest received 
3,624 
1,516 
NET CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
298,607 
258,031 
 
 
INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 
 
Investments in acquisitions and developments 
(493,559) 
(12,903) 
Expenditure on investment property under development 
(142,941) 
(71,171) 
Settlements of deferred consideration for prior years acquisitions 
- 
(2,825) 
Acquisition of investment property 
(316,998) 
- 
Acquisition of the remaining 50% stake in joint venture 
(36,980) 
- 
Proceeds from disposal of assets held for sale 
3,360 
61,093 
Other investments 
- 
154 
Loans receivable from joint ventures – amounts granted 
- 
(1,106) 
Loans receivable from joint ventures – amounts repaid 
- 
1,260 
NET CASH FLOWS USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES ...........  
(493,559) 
(12,749) 
 
 
FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 
 
Payment to acquire shares under LTSIP 
(2,744) 
(1,978) 
Repurchase of shares 
(9,346) 
- 
Acquisition of non-controlling interest 
(9,377) 
- 
Net movements in bank loans, bonds and other long-term 
liabilities 
209,905 
(176,937)

--- Page 53 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
2022 
2021 
Unless 
otherwise 
stated, all 
amounts 
are in €'000  
Unless 
otherwise 
stated, all 
amounts 
are in 
€'000  
Proceeds from bank loans ......................................................................... 
260,000 
73,521 
Proceeds from bonds  ................................................................................ 
493,566 
- 
Repayment of bank loans .......................................................................... 
(25,563) 
(250,458) 
Repurchase of bonds ................................................................................. 
(496,020) 
- 
Premium paid on repurchase of bond ........................................................ 
(21,925) 
- 
Cash received from pre-hedge instrument 
4,075 
- 
Repayment of other long-term liabilities ................................................... 
(4,228) 
- 
Other payments ....................................................................................... 
(255) 
(819) 
Repayments of lease liabilities  ................................................................. 
(255) 
(251) 
Premium paid on acquisitions of derivatives ............................................. 
- 
(568) 
Earnings distribution ................................................................................. 
(241,223) 
(210,222) 
NET CASH FLOWS USED IN FINANCING 
ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................... 
(53,040) 
(389,956) 
 
 
NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ............... 
(247,992) 
(144,674) 
Cash and cash equivalents brought forward .............................................. 
498,623 
643,297 
 
 
 
 
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS CARRIED FORWARD ............. 
250,631 
498,623 
 
* The Guarantor's Consolidated Statement Of Cash Flows also includes the Cash Flow From Operations disclosed in Note 38 of the Guarantor's 
2022 Consolidated Annual Financial Statements (as defined below).

--- Page 54 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The documents set out below shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus 
provided however that any statement contained in any document incorporated by reference in, and forming part 
of, this Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to 
the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such statement. Such documents have been 
filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and physical copies will be made available, free of charge, during usual 
business hours at the specified offices of the Issuing and Paying Agent. 
(a) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2022, prepared in accordance with IFRS (the "Guarantor's 2022 Consolidated Annual Financial 
Statements"), together with the auditor's report which are contained in the following pages of the 
Guarantor's 
2022 
Annual 
Report 
and 
available 
at 
https://nepirockcastle.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/03/NEPI_Rockcastle_Annual_Report_2022.pdf 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position ...................................................................................................  
240 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income ..........................................................................................  
241 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ..................................................................................................  
242 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows .............................................................................................................  
243 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ...............................................................................................  
244-291 
Independent auditor’s report .............................................................................................................................  
316-319 
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor (at that date called NEPI Rockcastle plc) 
as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021, prepared in accordance with IFRS (the "Guarantor's 
2021 Consolidated Annual Financial Statements"), together with the auditor’s report which are 
contained in the following pages of the Guarantor’s 2021 Annual Report and available at 
https://nepirockcastle.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/NEPI_Rockcastle_Annual_Report_2021.pdf  
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position ...................................................................................................  
226 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income ..........................................................................................  
227 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ..................................................................................................  
228 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows .............................................................................................................  
229 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ...............................................................................................  
230-273 
Independent auditor's report ..............................................................................................................................  
220-225 
(c) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 
which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union and with Part 9 of 
Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code (the "Issuer's 2022 Consolidated Annual Financial Statements") 
together with the independent auditor's report in respect thereof which are contained in the following 
pages of the Issuer's 2022 Annual Report and available at https://nepirockcastle.com/pdf/corporate-
reports/NEBV-2022-AnnualReport.pdf  
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position .........................................................................................................  
174 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income ................................................................................................  
175 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ........................................................................................................  
176 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ...................................................................................................................  
177 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements .....................................................................................................  
178-221 
Independent auditor's report ....................................................................................................................................  
246-252 
(d) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 
which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union and with Part 9 of 
Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code (the "Issuer's 2021 Consolidated Annual Financial Statements")  
together with the independent auditor's report in respect thereof, which are contained on the following 
pages of the Issuer's 2021 Annual Report and available at https://nepirockcastle.com/pdf/corporate-
reports/NEBV-2021-AnnualReport.pdf  
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position ...................................................................................................  
158 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income ..........................................................................................  
159 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ..................................................................................................  
160 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows .............................................................................................................  
161 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ...............................................................................................  
162-195 
Independent auditor's report ..............................................................................................................................  
216-225

--- Page 55 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
(e) 
The terms and conditions as referred to on pages 52 up to and including 77 of the base prospectus of the 
Issuer (at that date called NE Property Cooperatief U.A.) relating to the Programme, dated 15 November 
2017 and available at https://nepirockcastle.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/emtn-base-prospectus-
dec-2017.pdf (the "2017 Conditions"). 
(f) 
The terms and conditions as referred to on pages 44 up to and including 69 of the base prospectus of the 
Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 11 April 2019 and available at https://nepirockcastle.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/04/2000173-base-prospectus.pdf  (the "2019 Conditions").  
(g) 
The terms and conditions as referred to on pages 47 up to and including 73 of the base prospectus of the 
Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 6 July 2020 and available at https://nepirockcastle.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/07/NEPI-EMTN-Update-2020-Base-Prospectus.pdf  (the "2020 Conditions"). 
(h) 
The terms and conditions as referred to on pages 50 up to and including 76 of the base prospectus of the 
Issuer 
relating 
to 
the 
Programme, 
dated 
17 
September 
2021 
and 
available 
at 
https://nepirockcastle.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/09/NEPI-EMTN-Programme-Update-2021-Base-
Prospectus-final-version.pdf (the "2021 Conditions"). 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, 
the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers has not been approved by the Central Bank 
of Ireland. 
Where only certain parts of a document are incorporated by reference, the non-incorporated parts of the document 
are either not relevant to investors or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents which are themselves incorporated by reference in the information incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus will not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 56 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions 
of the applicable Final Terms (as defined below) and, in the case of Exempt Notes (as defined below) only, as 
replaced, modified and/or varied in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Pricing Supplement (as 
defined below), shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global 
Note(s), representing each Series. The final terms for this Note are set out in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement attached to or endorsed on this Note (or on the Certificate relating to this Note in the case of a 
Registered Note) which completes these terms and conditions (the "Conditions") and, in the case of an Exempt 
Note only, the applicable Pricing Supplement which may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the 
extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these Conditions, replace, modify and/or vary these 
Conditions for the purposes of this Note. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have 
the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Those definitions will be 
endorsed on the definitive Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References in these Conditions to "Notes" 
are to, unless the context otherwise requires, the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued 
under the Programme. 
The Notes are constituted by a Trust Deed (as amended or supplemented as at the date of issue of the Notes (the 
"Issue Date"), the "Trust Deed") dated 6 July 2023 between NE Property B.V. (the "Issuer"), NEPI Rockcastle 
N.V. (the "Guarantor"), and BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited (the "Trustee", which expression 
shall include all persons for the time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the 
Noteholders (as defined below). These terms and conditions (the "Conditions") include summaries of, and are 
subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, which includes the form of the Bearer Notes, Certificates, 
Coupons and Talons referred to below. An Agency Agreement (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, 
the "Agency Agreement") dated 6 July 2023 has been entered into in relation to the Notes between the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Trustee, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as initial issuing and paying agent and 
the other agents named in it. The issuing and paying agent, the other paying agents, the registrar, the transfer 
agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Issuing 
and Paying Agent", the "Paying Agents" (which expression shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent), the 
"Registrar", the "Transfer Agents" (which expression shall include the Registrar) and the "Calculation 
Agent(s)". Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during usual business 
hours at the principal office of the Trustee (presently at One Canada Square, London E14 5AL, United Kingdom) 
and at the specified offices of the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents. 
The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Notes for which no prospectus is required to be 
published under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 ("Exempt Notes") may specify terms and conditions other than those 
set out herein which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these Conditions, replace, 
modify and/or vary these Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, the Final Terms 
in relation to each Tranche of Notes (which are not Exempt Notes) shall not modify or replace these Conditions 
set out herein.  
References herein to the "applicable Final Terms" or "relevant Final Terms" are to Part A of the final terms (the 
"Final Terms") (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Part A of the pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement")) 
attached hereto or endorsed hereon and expressions defined or used in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) shall have the same meanings in these Conditions, unless 
the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated. 
The Noteholders and the holders of the interest coupons (the "Coupons") relating to interest bearing Notes in 
bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the "Talons") (the 
"Couponholders") are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions 
of the Trust Deed and are deemed to have notice of those provisions applicable to them of the Agency Agreement. 
As used in these Conditions, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or in registered form ("Registered Notes") in each 
case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon. 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any of 
the foregoing or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis 
shown hereon.

--- Page 57 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) 
attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation 
to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates ("Certificates") and, save as provided in 
Condition 2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered Notes 
shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the "Register"). Except as ordered by a court 
of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or 
Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the 
Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall be 
liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, "Noteholder" means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), "holder" (in relation to a Note, Coupon or Talon) 
means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note is 
registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them hereon, the absence 
of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
2. 
No Exchange of Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
No Exchange of Notes: Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes 
of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes: One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the 
surrender (at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate 
representing such Registered Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed 
on such Certificate, (or another form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing 
the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly 
completed and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may 
reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes 
represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the 
part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not 
transferred shall be issued to the transferor provided, however, that part of a Registered Note 
may not be transferred unless the nominal amount of the part transferred, and the nominal amount 
of the balance not transferred, are Specified Denominations. All transfers of Notes and entries 
on the Register will be made subject to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the 
prior written approval of the Registrar and the Trustee. A copy of the current regulations will be 
made available by the Registrar to any Noteholder upon request. 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes: In the case of an 
exercise of the Issuer's or Noteholders' options in respect of, or a partial redemption of, a holding 
of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the 
holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not 
redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the same 
holding having different terms, separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of 
that holding that have the same terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of 
the existing Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of 
Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate 
representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Certificate 
representing the existing holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of New Certificates: Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(b) or 
(c) shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the form of transfer or 
Exercise Notice (as defined in Condition 7(f)) and surrender of the Certificate for exchange. 
Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or 
of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such form of transfer, 
Exercise Notice or Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such

--- Page 58 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant form of transfer, Exercise 
Notice or otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to 
the new Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise 
and pays in advance to the relevant Transfer Agent the costs of such other method of delivery 
and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2(d), "business day" means a day, 
other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the 
specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(e) 
Transfers Free of Charge: Transfers of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, exercise 
of an option or partial redemption shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, 
the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges 
that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the 
relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(f) 
Closed Periods: No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered (i) 
during the period of 15 days prior to any date on which Notes may be redeemed by the Issuer at 
its option pursuant to Condition 7(e), (ii) after any such Note has been called for redemption or 
(iii) during the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. 
3. 
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: The Notes and the Coupons constitute direct, general and unconditional 
obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least 
pari passu with all other present and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such 
obligations which may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application (and subject to Condition 4). 
(b) 
Guarantee of the Notes: The Guarantor has in the Trust Deed unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed the due and punctual payment of all sums from time to time payable by the Issuer 
under the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons. The guarantee (the "Guarantee of the Notes 
and the Coupons") constitutes direct, general and unconditional obligations of the Guarantor 
which will at all times rank at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured 
obligations of the Guarantor, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law 
that are both mandatory and of general application (and subject to Condition 4). 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note or Coupon remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), none of the Issuer or 
the Guarantor shall and each of the Issuer and the Guarantor shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries 
will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security Interest) upon the 
whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to 
secure: (a) any Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or the Guarantor or a Subsidiary of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor; (b) or any guarantee (as defined below) given by the Issuer or the Guarantor or a Subsidiary 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of Relevant Indebtedness without (i) at the same time or prior 
thereto securing the Notes and the Coupons and all amounts payable by it under the Guarantee of the 
Notes and the Coupons equally and rateably therewith to the satisfaction of the Trustee or (ii) providing 
such other security for the Notes and the Coupons as the Trustee may in its absolute discretion consider 
to be not materially less beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders or as may be approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of Noteholders. 
In these Conditions: 
"Calculation Amount" means the amount so specified hereon;  
"Group" means NEPI Rockcastle N.V. as Guarantor and its Subsidiaries (including the Issuer) taken as 
a whole; 
"guarantee" means, in relation to any Relevant Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another 
Person to pay such Relevant Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Relevant Indebtedness;

--- Page 59 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services for the express purpose of providing funds for the payment of such Relevant 
Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Relevant 
Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Relevant Indebtedness; 
"IAS 34" means the International Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board, as amended, supplemented, or re-issued from time to time; 
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards, including International Accounting 
Standards and Interpretations, issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (as amended, 
supplemented or re-issued from time to time); 
"Indebtedness" means, with respect to any Person at any date of determination (without duplication) any 
debt of such Person, including: 
(a) 
all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money in whatever form; 
(b) 
all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments; 
(c) 
all obligations of such Person in respect of letters of credit or other similar instruments (including 
reimbursement obligations with respect thereto, except to the extent any such reimbursement 
obligations relate to trade payables); 
(d) 
all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred and unpaid purchase price of property, assets 
or services which purchase price is due more than 90 days after the earlier of the date of placing 
such property in service or taking delivery and title thereof or the completion of such services 
excluding: 
(i) 
any trade payables or other liability to trade creditors; and 
(ii) 
any post-closing payment adjustments in connection with the purchase by the Issuer or 
the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor of any business to which 
the seller may become entitled, to the extent such payment is determined by a final 
closing balance sheet or such payment depends on the performance of such business 
after the closing and provided that (x) the amount of any such payment is not 
determinable at the time of closing and, (y) to the extent such payment thereafter 
becomes fixed and determined, the amount is paid within 90 days thereafter; 
(e) 
all capitalised lease obligations of such Person, to the extent treated as indebtedness in the 
financial statements of such Person under IFRS; 
(f) 
all obligations of the type referred to in paragraphs (a) to (e) of other Persons guaranteed by such 
Person to the extent such obligation is guaranteed by such Person; and 
(g) 
any obligations of the type referred to in paragraphs (a) to (f), where a Security Interest has been 
granted over any asset of such Person (including where the underlying obligation has been 
assumed by a third party). 
For the purpose of determining the euro-equivalent of Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency, 
the euro-equivalent principal amount of such Indebtedness pursuant thereto shall be calculated based on 
the relevant official central bank currency exchange rate in effect on the date of determination thereof.  
The amount of Indebtedness of any Person at any date shall be the outstanding balance at such date of all 
unconditional obligations as described above provided that (i) with respect to contingent obligations as 
described above, the amount of Indebtedness will be the value of the contingency, if any, giving rise to 
the obligation as reported in that Person's financial statements and (ii) in the case of Indebtedness sold at 
a discount, the amount of such Indebtedness at any time will be the accreted value thereof at such time; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means any Security Interest securing any Relevant Indebtedness of any 
Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) acquired, so long as such Security Interest

--- Page 60 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
was outstanding on the date on which the relevant entity became a Subsidiary of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as the case may be), was not created in contemplation of such entity becoming a Subsidiary 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be), and the principal amount of Relevant Indebtedness so 
secured was not increased in contemplation of such entity becoming a Subsidiary of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as the case may be) or since such entity became a Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(as the case may be); 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, 
note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, for the time being, 
or is ordinarily capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market 
(including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market); 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, without 
limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; and 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other Person 
(the "second Person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person. 
5. 
Financial Covenants 
5.1 
So long as any Note or Coupon remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed): 
(a) 
the Guarantor undertakes that in relation to the Group taken as a whole, the Solvency Ratio shall 
not exceed 0.60; 
(b) 
the Guarantor undertakes that in relation to the Group taken as a whole, the Consolidated 
Coverage Ratio will be at least 2:1; and 
(c) 
the Guarantor undertakes that, as at any Measurement Date, the Group will own Unencumbered 
Consolidated Total Assets equal to 150% or more of the aggregate outstanding principal amount 
of Unsecured Consolidated Total Indebtedness. 
The Guarantor shall engage external independent international valuation companies and real estate 
consultants, having an appropriately recognised professional qualification and recent experience in the 
respective locations and categories of real estate assets being valued, to value at least 90% (by market 
valuation) of the Group's standing investments and land at least once per calendar year. 
The Guarantor will promptly notify the Trustee in accordance with the Trust Deed in the event that any 
of the ratios or levels in this Condition 5.1(a) to (c) are breached at any time. 
For so long as any Note or Coupon remains outstanding, the Guarantor will deliver a certificate to the 
Trustee on each Reporting Date signed by two duly authorised signatories of the Guarantor, certifying 
that the Guarantor is and has been in compliance with the covenants set out in this Condition 5 at all times 
during the relevant period. Such certificate may be relied on without liability by the Trustee without 
further enquiry or evidence and, if relied upon by the Trustee, shall, in the absence of manifest error, be 
conclusive and binding on all parties. 
In these Conditions: 
"Adjusted EBITDA" means the consolidated profit/(loss) of the Group before taxes, depreciation, 
amortisation and impairments, non-controlling interest and share of profit/(loss) of joint ventures, 
excluding any fair value differences, the net result on sale of financial investments, financial expenses, 
share-based payment expenses, acquisition fees, net result on acquisitions and disposals and any other 
exceptional or non-recurring item, as determined by reference to the most recent consolidated statement

--- Page 61 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
of comprehensive income of the audited annual or unaudited semi-annual condensed (as the case may be) 
financial statements of the Group, prepared in accordance with IFRS and law applicable to the Guarantor 
or IAS 34, as applicable; 
"Consolidated Coverage Ratio" means, in respect of any Measurement Date, (i) the aggregate amount 
of Adjusted EBITDA for the period of the most recent two consecutive semi-annual periods ending on 
such Measurement Date divided by (ii) the Consolidated Interest Expense for such two semi-annual 
periods; 
"Consolidated Interest Expense" means, for any period, all charges, interest, commission, fees, 
discounts, premiums and other finance costs in respect of Indebtedness incurred by the Group as shown 
in the most recent consolidated statement of comprehensive income of the audited annual or unaudited 
semi-annual condensed (as the case may be) financial statements of the Group, prepared in accordance 
with IFRS and law applicable to the Guarantor or IAS 34, as applicable; 
"Consolidated Total Assets" means the total assets (excluding intangible assets) of the Group as shown 
in the most recent consolidated statement of financial position of the audited annual or unaudited semi-
annual condensed (as the case may be) financial statements of the Group, prepared in accordance with 
IFRS and law applicable to the Guarantor or IAS 34, as applicable; 
"Consolidated Total Indebtedness" means the total Indebtedness of the Group (excluding deferred tax 
liabilities) as determined by reference to the most recent consolidated statement of financial position of 
the audited annual or unaudited semi-annual condensed (as the case maybe) financial statements of the 
Group, prepared in accordance with IFRS and law applicable to the Guarantor or IAS 34, as applicable; 
"Measurement Date" means each day which is (i) the last day of the Group's financial year in any year 
(the "Annual Measurement Date") or (ii) the last day of the first half of the Group's financial year in 
any year (the "Semi-Annual Measurement Date"); 
"Reporting Date" means a date falling no later than 30 days after (i) the publication of the Group's 
audited annual consolidated financial statements, prepared in accordance with IFRS, with respect to an 
Annual Measurement Date, or (ii) the publication of the Group's unaudited condensed semi-annual 
consolidated financial statements, prepared in accordance with IAS 34, with respect to a Semi-Annual 
Measurement Date; 
"Solvency Ratio" means, in relation to the Group and in respect of any Measurement Date, the 
Consolidated Total Indebtedness divided by Consolidated Total Assets; 
"Unencumbered Consolidated Total Assets" means such amount of the Consolidated Total Assets not 
pledged as Security Interest for Indebtedness; and 
"Unsecured Consolidated Total Indebtedness" means such amount of Consolidated Total Indebtedness 
in respect of which the Group or a Subsidiary of the Group has not granted a Security Interest over its 
property or assets. 
5.2 
Consolidated financial statements 
So long as any Note or Coupon remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), the Guarantor shall 
deliver to the Trustee: 
(a) 
not later than six months after the end of the Guarantor's financial year, copies or the electronic 
versions of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for such financial year, 
prepared in accordance with IFRS and law applicable to the Guarantor, consistently applied, and 
accompanied by the report of the independent auditors thereon; 
(b) 
not later than 120 days after the end of the semi-annual period, copies or the electronic versions 
of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Group for such semi-annual 
period, prepared in accordance with IAS 34 consistently applied; and 
(c) 
in the case of every other item referred to below, not later than 20 days after their initial 
distribution to any of the persons referred to below, three copies in English of every statement of 
financial position, statement of income and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, every 
report or other notice, statement or circular issued, or which legally should be issued, to the

--- Page 62 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
members or holders of securities (generally) of the Guarantor or any holding company thereof 
generally in their capacity as such. 
6. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes:  
(i) 
Application: This Condition 6(a) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified hereon as being applicable.  
(ii) 
Accrual of interest: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in 
accordance with Condition 6(f). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Application:  This Condition 6(b) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate 
Note Provisions are specified hereon as being applicable. 
(ii) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date, subject as provided in Condition 8(a) (Payments and Talons - Bearer Notes) and 
Condition 8(b) (Payments and Talons - Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment 
of the Final Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (both before and after 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and 
(ii) the day which is seven days after the Issuing and Paying Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh 
day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Notes 
for which SONIA, SOFR and/or €STR or any related index is specified as the Reference 
Rate hereon) the sum of the Margin and the relevant Reference Rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(B) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter 
or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and

--- Page 63 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent 
Adviser appointed by the Issuer (with the Issuer and  such Independent Adviser 
to act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), determines 
appropriate; 
(C) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of 
the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(D) 
if, in the case of (A) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the 
case of (C) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either 
case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate 
or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(iv) 
ISDA Determination:  If ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which 
the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where 
"ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate 
that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest 
rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 
ISDA Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified hereon; 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date, unless otherwise specified hereon, has the 
meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions; 
(4) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, 
next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation 
Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such 
sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by 
the Issuer (with the Issuer and  such Independent Adviser to act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner), determines appropriate; 
(5) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option, Compounding is specified to be applicable hereon and: 
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the 
Compounding Method hereon then (a) Compounding with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b)

--- Page 64 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days 
specified hereon;  
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as 
the Compounding Method hereon then (a) Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified hereon and 
(c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified hereon; or 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the 
Compounding Method hereon then (a) Compounding with 
Lockout is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) 
Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days 
specified hereon and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified hereon; 
(6) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option, Averaging is specified to be applicable hereon and:  
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging 
Method hereon then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the 
number of Applicable Business Days specified hereon; 
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method hereon then (a) Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified hereon and 
(c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified hereon; or 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging 
Method hereon then (a) Averaging with Lockout is the 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the number 
of Lockout Period Business Days specified hereon and (c) 
Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified hereon; and 
(7) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option 
and Index Provisions are specified to be applicable hereon, the 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift shall be 
applicable and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified hereon and (b) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are 
the days specified hereon; 
(B) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(1) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(3) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date;  
(4) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement 
Date; and 
(C) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(1) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and

--- Page 65 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
(2) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate".  
(D) 
Unless otherwise defined capitalised terms used in this Condition 6(b)(iv) shall 
have the meaning ascribed to them in the ISDA Definitions. 
(v) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA (Screen Rate Determination) 
(A) 
This Condition 6(b)(v) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified hereon as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination 
is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified hereon as being "SONIA". 
(B) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified hereon) the Margin, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(b)(v): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 x 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖= 1
−1቏x D
𝑑𝑑 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method hereon, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
hereon, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" is the number specified hereon (or, if no such number is specified, 365); 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method hereon, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
hereon, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method hereon, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
hereon, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period;

--- Page 66 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include 
the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which 
is "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the 
number of London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) hereon or if no such period is 
specified, five London Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") 
rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such 
authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following 
such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method hereon, the 
London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the 
relevant London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
hereon, the relevant London Banking Day "i". 
(D) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), the Calculation Agent determines that the 
SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page and has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such 
SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 6(b)(xiv) (Benchmark 
Replacement (Independent Adviser)), be: 
(1) 
the sum of (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; 
and (b) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the 
Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a 
SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest 
spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(2) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day, (a) the SONIA 
Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise

--- Page 67 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding 
London Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) or (b) if this is more recent, the latest 
determined rate under (1). 
(E) 
Subject to Condition 6(b)(xiv) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent 
Adviser)), if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition 6(b)(v), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(vi) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(A) 
This Condition 6(b)(vi) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified hereon as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination 
is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified hereon as being "SOFR". 
(B) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
Benchmark plus or minus (as specified hereon) the Margin, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(b)(vi): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of 
daily SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the 
specific formula and other provisions set out in this Condition 6(b)(vi). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. 
For this reason, in determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the 
specific formula and other provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for 
any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that immediately precedes one 
or more days that are not U.S. Government Securities Business Days will be 
multiplied by the number of calendar days from and including such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day. 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR 
(or the daily SOFR used in the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR 
Determination Time, then the provisions under Condition 6(b)(vi)(D) below 
will apply. 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with 
the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
𝐷𝐷
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏ 𝑥𝑥 𝐷𝐷
𝑑𝑑

--- Page 68 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method hereon, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
hereon, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" is the number specified hereon (or, if no such number is specified, 360); 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method hereon, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
hereon, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method hereon, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
hereon, the relevant Observation Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
are due and payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" 
to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first day in such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall 
begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the 
date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag 
Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) hereon or if no such 
period is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
"SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
subject to Condition 6(b)(vi)(D) below, if the rate specified in (i) above 
does not so appear, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published

--- Page 69 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on 
the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or any successor source; 
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
hereon, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
(D) 
If an Independent Adviser (as defined below) determines on or prior to the 
relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations 
on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection 
with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the 
right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes recommended by 
an Independent Adviser from time to time, without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Trustee or Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Independent 
Adviser pursuant to this section, including any determination with respect to a 
tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action 
or any selection: 
(i)  
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; and 
(ii)  
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating 
to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders 
of the Notes or any other party. 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined 
above; provided that if the Independent Adviser determines on or prior to the 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or the 
published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current 
Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement; 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Independent Adviser as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement

--- Page 70 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
for the then-current Benchmark and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by 
the Independent Adviser as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of 
interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. 
dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth 
in the order below that can be determined by the Independent Adviser as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to 
the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected by the Independent Adviser giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method 
for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative 
matters) that the Independent Adviser decides may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent 
with market practice (or, if the Independent Adviser decides that adoption of 
any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Independent Adviser determines that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Independent 
Adviser determines is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i)  
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event", the later of (a) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which 
the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii)  
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event", the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference 
Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will 
be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination;

--- Page 71 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that 
such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(ii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or 
such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which 
states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the 
Benchmark is no longer representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence 
of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means 
(i) if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, 
and (ii) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by 
the Independent Adviser after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York or any successor thereto; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(E) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
determined under Condition 6(b)(vi) above will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take 
effect.

--- Page 72 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Trustee a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(1) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the 
relevant Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case 
as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
6(b)(vi); and 
(2) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Benchmark Replacement and/or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(F) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 6(b)(vi), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(vii) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination) 
(A) 
This Condition 6(b)(vii) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified hereon as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination 
is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined, and the "Reference Rate" is specified hereon as being "€STR". 
(B) 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as specified hereon) the Margin, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(b)(vii): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-
term rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance 
with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + €STR𝑖𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏× D
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method hereon, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
hereon, the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 73 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
"D" means the number specified as such hereon (or, if no such number is 
specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method hereon, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
hereon, the relevant Observation Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such 
TARGET Settlement Day as provided by the European Central Bank as the 
administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the 
website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, 
as otherwise published by it or provided by it to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement 
Day (in each case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, 
the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central 
Bank or the successor administrator of such rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method hereon, the 
TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i"; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
hereon, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i". 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Settlement Day in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method hereon, the 
relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
hereon, the relevant Observation Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior 
to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to (but excluding) the 
following TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on 
and include the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date 
falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest 
Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable; 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means 
the number of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the

--- Page 74 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) hereon or, if no such period is 
specified, five TARGET Settlement Days; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, 
or any successor system; and 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in euro. 
(D) 
Subject to Condition 6(b)(xiv) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent 
Adviser)), if, where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to Condition 
6(b)(vii)(B) above, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day in respect of 
which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, such 
€STR reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page and has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the 
€STR reference rate in respect of such TARGET Settlement Day shall be the 
€STR reference rate for the first preceding TARGET Settlement Day in respect 
of which €STR reference rate was published by the European Central Bank on 
its website, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(E) 
Subject to Condition 6(b)(xiv) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent 
Adviser)), if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of Condition 6(b)(vii)(B), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(viii) 
Interest – SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index (Screen Rate 
Determination) 
This Condition 6(b)(viii) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified hereon as being applicable, Screen Rate Determination is 
specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, 
and "Index Determination" is specified hereon as being applicable. 
Where "Index Determination" is specified hereon as being applicable, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference rate for the 
relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
൬𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆−1൰ X 𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁
𝑑𝑑
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as 
determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"Compounded Index" means either the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR 
Compounded Index, as specified hereon; 
"Compounded Index End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the End 
date; 
"Compounded Index Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the Start 
date;

--- Page 75 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined; 
"End" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment 
of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions 
is excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking 
Days (as defined in Condition 6(b)(v)), and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days (as defined in Condition 6(b)(vi)); 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in the case 
of the SOFR Compounded Index, 360; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the 
fifth decimal place, rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards); 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless otherwise 
specified shall be five; 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as published 
at 10:00 (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) 
on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded SOFR rate as published at 15:00 
(New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator 
of SOFR) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor 
source; and 
"Start" means the day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period. 
If, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the relevant 
Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End date, then the Calculation Agent 
shall calculate the rate of interest for that Interest Period as if Index Determination was 
not specified in the applicable Final Terms and as if Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR (as defined in Condition 6(b)(v) or Condition 6(b)(vi), as 
applicable) had been specified instead in the Final Terms, and in each case "Observation 
Shift" had been specified as the Observation Method hereon, and where the Observation 
Period for the purposes of that definition in Condition 6(b)(v) or Condition 6(b)(vi) (as 
applicable) shall be deemed to be the same as the Relevant Number specified in the Final 
Terms and where, in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA, the Relevant Screen Page 
will be determined by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, if (i) (in the case of SONIA 
Compounded Index) a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of SONIA, the 
provisions of Condition 6(b)(xiv) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)) 
shall apply, and (ii) (in the case of SOFR Compounded Index) a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred in respect of SOFR, 
the provisions of Condition 6(b)(vi) shall apply. 
(ix) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is specified hereon, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(x) 
Calculation of Interest Amount:  The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 
the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest 
Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest 
Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day 
Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure

--- Page 76 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency 
other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in 
the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(xi) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other 
amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to 
be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination. Notice thereof shall 
also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to 
recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the 
Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation 
Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only 
the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the 
minimum Specified Denomination. 
(xii) 
Notifications etc:  All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions for such purposes. 
(xiii) 
Determination of Rate of Interest following acceleration: If (i) the Notes become due 
and payable in accordance with Condition 12 (Events of Default) and (ii) the Rate of 
Interest for the Interest Period during which the Notes become due and payable is to be 
determined by reference to any of Conditions 6(b)(v) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes 
referencing SONIA (Screen Rate Determination)), 6(b)(vi) (Interest – Floating Rate 
Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination)), 6(b)(vii) (Interest – Floating 
Rate Notes referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination)) and 6(b)(viii) (Interest – 
SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index (Screen Rate 
Determination)), then the final Interest Determination Date shall be the date on which 
the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply 
to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in the Trust 
Deed. 
(xiv) 
Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser) 
Other than in the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Note for which the 
Reference Rate is specified hereon as being "SOFR" or "SOFR Compounded Index", if 
a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate when the Rate of Interest 
(or any component part thereof) for any Interest Period remains to be determined by 
reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
6(b)(xiv)(A)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with 
Condition 6(b)(xiv)(B)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 6(b)(xiv)(C)). 
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, Paying Agents or the Noteholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 6(b)(xiv)) and the Trustee will not 
be liable for any loss, liability, cost, charge or expense which may arise as a result 
thereof. 
(A) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that: 
(1) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 6(b)(xiv)(A)) subsequently be

--- Page 77 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for the relevant Interest 
Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 6(b)(xiv) in the event of a further 
Benchmark Event affecting the Successor Rate; or 
(2) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 6(b)(xiv)(A)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for the relevant Interest Period and all following Interest 
Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(b)(xiv) 
in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Alternative 
Rate. 
(B) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall apply 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(C) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 6(b)(xiv) and the Independent 
Adviser determines in its discretion (i) that amendments to these Conditions are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, together with any 
consequential amendments to the Trust Deed and Agency Agreement as 
referred to below, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following consultation with the 
Calculation Agent (or the person specified hereon as the party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving 
notice thereof in accordance with Condition 6(b)(xiv)(E), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of relevant Noteholders, vary these 
Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the 
date specified in such notice (and for the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall, 
at the direction and expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect such 
consequential amendments to the Trust Deed and Agency Agreement as may 
be required in order to give effect to this Condition 6(b)(xiv)). 
(D) 
If (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (B) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 6(b)(xiv) 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Reference Rate applicable 
to the relevant Interest Period shall be the Reference Rate applicable as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate that would have 
been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in 
issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date. For the avoidance 
of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 6(b)(xiv)(D) shall apply to 
the relevant Interest Period only. Any subsequent Interest Period may be subject 
to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(b)(xiv) (Benchmark 
Replacement (Independent Adviser)). 
(E) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 
6(b)(xiv) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.

--- Page 78 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
(F) 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Trustee a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(1) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Successor Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate 
and, (z) where applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the 
specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case 
as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
6(b)(xiv); and 
(2) 
certifying that (1) the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and (2) the intent of the 
drafting of such changes is solely to implement the relevant Benchmark 
Amendments. 
The Trustee and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate 
(without further enquiry and without liability to any person) as sufficient 
evidence thereof. 
(G) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the 
absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment Spread (if any) and such 
Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee and 
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders. 
(H) 
As used in this Condition 6(b)(xiv): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, 
which the Independent Adviser determines is required to be applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(1) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement 
of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(2) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate), the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce 
an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or 
(3) 
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser 
determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference 
the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(4) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard 
is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to 
be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be); 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 6(b)(xiv) is

--- Page 79 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for a commensurate period and in the Specified Currency; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 
6(b)(xiv)(C); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant 
Screen Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or 
administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been or 
will be appointed that will continue publication of such Reference 
Rate) it has ceased publishing such Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a 
specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified 
future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) 
such Reference Rate is or will, by a specified future date (the 
"Specified Future Date"), be no longer representative of an 
underlying market or (ii) the methodology to calculate such Reference 
Rate has materially changed; or 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, 
become unlawful for the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate 
(as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark 
Event is a public statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D), or (E) above 
and the Specified Future Date in the public statement is more than six months 
after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed 
to occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the 
international capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable): 
(A) 
the European Commission, the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or

--- Page 80 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired 
by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency 
to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior 
to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity 
Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 7(b)(i)). 
(d) 
Adjustment of Rate of Interest: 
(i) 
If Step Up Rating Adjustment is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and, prior to an Interest Payment Date, a Rate of Interest Step Up Trigger occurs, 
then each Note shall bear interest on its outstanding principal amount at the rate per 
annum equal to the Rate of Interest plus the Step Up Rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, as further described in paragraph (iii) below. Following any Rate of Interest 
Step Up Trigger or a Rating Agency Rate of Interest Step Up Trigger as described in 
paragraph (ii) below, if any rating that is given by any Rating Agency for the Notes is 
at or above Investment Grade (a "Rate of Interest Step Down Trigger") then each Note 
shall bear interest on its outstanding principal amount at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest only and in accordance with Condition 
6(b)(ii) (Accrual of Interest), as further described in paragraph (iii) below. 
(ii) 
The Issuer shall procure that the Notes shall at all times be assigned a rating by at least 
one Rating Agency from the Issue Date of the Notes and for so long as any Notes are 
outstanding. If, prior to an Interest Payment Date, the Issuer fails so to procure (a 
"Rating Agency Rate of Interest Step Up Trigger"), then each Note shall bear interest 
on its outstanding principal amount at the rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest 
plus the Step Up Rate. 
(iii) 
Any adjustment to the rate of interest under the Notes under this Condition 6(d) shall 
take effect and accrue in accordance with Condition 6(b)(ii) (Accrual of interest) from 
the Interest Payment Date immediately following the Rate of Interest Step Up Trigger, 
the Rate of Interest Step Down Trigger or the Rating Agency Rate of Interest Step Up 
Trigger, as the case may be, and shall be applied from such Interest Payment Date. The 
Issuer will notify Noteholders and the Trustee upon any change in the rate of interest 
under the Notes upon a Rate of Interest Step Up Trigger, a Rate of Interest Step Down 
Trigger or a Rating Agency Rate of Interest Step Up Trigger in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices) and the Trust Deed respectively and as required by any 
applicable rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are then listed as soon as 
reasonably practicable after such change becomes effective. 
(iv) 
If the rating designations employed by any Rating Agency are changed from those which 
are described in this Condition 6(d), the Issuer shall determine the rating designations 
of the relevant Rating Agency that are most nearly equivalent to the prior rating 
designations of the relevant Rating Agency and, accordingly, the resulting Rate of 
Interest Step Up Trigger, the Rate of Interest Step Down Trigger and the Rate of Interest 
which would apply to the Notes. The Issuer will notify the Noteholders and the Trustee 
upon any such change of rating designations of such change. 
(v) 
There shall be no limit on the number of times that the rate of interest under the Notes 
may be adjusted during the term of the Notes.

--- Page 81 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
"Investment Grade" shall mean "BBB-" in the case of Fitch Ratings Ltd. ("Fitch") and "BBB-
" in the case of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and the most nearly equivalent of 
BBB- in the case of any other internationally recognised rating agency. 
"Rate of Interest Step Up Trigger" means the first public announcement by any one Rating 
Agency that the rating given by such Rating Agency for the Notes is below Investment Grade. 
"Rating Agency" shall mean Fitch, S&P or any of their respective successors or any other 
internationally recognised rating agency substituted for any of them by the Issuer from time to 
time. 
"Step Up Rate" means the rate per annum specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined 
terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of 
such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at 
www.isda.org);  
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix 
thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website 
(www.isda.org); 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre for such currency and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro (a 
"T2 Business Day") and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, 
generally in each of the Business Centres. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual - ISDA" is specified hereon, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365) 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in 
a leap year, 366 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 82 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;

--- Page 83 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
(viii) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified hereon, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year, 
where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date and 
"Determination Date" means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is 
so specified, the Interest Payment Date(s) 
"Interest Amount" means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
for that Interest Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise 
specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified 
hereon as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
for that period. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
hereon. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Period, the 
date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Period if 
the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for the 
Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is 
neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two T2 Business Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is euro.

--- Page 84 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on and including the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
beginning on and including an Interest Payment Date and ending on but excluding the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon. 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given hereon. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note 
and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon. 
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such hereon. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement page, section, 
caption, column or other part of a particular information service). 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the 
currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
(f) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed 
in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed 
as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to 
establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or 
financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-
the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office 
or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation 
Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
7. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, 
each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final 
Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided hereon, is its nominal amount). 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note 
upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7(c), Condition 7(e) or 
Condition 7(f) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 
12 shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such 
Note unless otherwise specified hereon. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face 
Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of 
such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown hereon, 
shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the 
issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the 
Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 7(c), Condition 7(e) or Condition 7(f) or upon 
it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 12 is not paid when due, 
the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be 
the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above,

--- Page 85 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which 
the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of 
the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall 
continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, 
unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the 
amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of 
such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in 
accordance with Condition 6(b)(ii). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than 
Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 7(c), 
Condition 7(e) or Condition 7(f) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 12, shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified hereon. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or at 
any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 7(b) above) (together with interest accrued to the date fixed 
for redemption), if immediately before giving such notice, the Issuer or the Guarantor satisfies 
the Trustee that: 
(i) 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax 
Jurisdiction, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), either:  
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 9 (which change or amendment becomes effective on 
or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the 
Notes); or  
(B) 
the Guarantor would be unable for reasons outside its control to procure 
payment by the Issuer and in making payment itself would be required to pay 
such additional amounts (which change or amendment becomes effective on or 
after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the 
Notes); and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
taking reasonable measures available to it; 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) would be obliged to pay 
such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes (or the Guarantee, as the case 
may be) then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7(c), the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Trustee: 
(A) 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer or, as the case may be, 
the Guarantor stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer 
so to redeem have occurred; and 
(B) 
an opinion in form and substance satisfactory to the Trustee of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such 
change or amendment.

--- Page 86 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
The Trustee shall be entitled to accept and without liability rely on such certificate and opinion 
as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the circumstances set out in (i) and (ii) above, in 
which event they shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 7(c), the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 7(c). 
(d) 
Make-whole call: If Make-Whole Call is specified hereon, the Notes will be redeemable, as a 
whole or in part, at the option of the Issuer, on at least 15 days', but not more than 30 days', prior 
notice (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) to Noteholders given in 
accordance with Condition 17, at a redemption price equal to the greater of: 
(i) 
100% of the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; and 
(ii) 
the Make-Whole Optional Redemption Price, 
plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes to, but excluding, the redemption 
date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) amounts of interest on the Notes that are due and payable on 
Interest Payment Dates falling on or prior to the redemption date will be payable on such Interest 
Payment Date(s) to the Noteholders and (ii) if a Par Redemption Date is specified hereon and the 
Optional Redemption Date occurs on or after the Par Redemption Date, the Make-Whole 
Redemption Price will be equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes. 
"Determination Agent" means an investment bank or financial institution of international 
standing selected by the Issuer; 
"Make-Whole Optional Redemption Price" means the price, expressed as a percentage 
(rounded to three decimal places, 0.0005 being rounded upwards), at which the yield (as 
calculated by the Determination Agent) on the Notes to be redeemed, if they were to be purchased 
at such price on the third dealing day prior to the date fixed for redemption, would be equal to 
the yield on such dealing day of the Reference Bond, plus any applicable Make-Whole Margin 
specified hereon, on the basis of the average of four quotations of the average midmarket annual 
yield to maturity of the Reference Bond prevailing at the Make-Whole Time specified hereon on 
such dealing day as determined by the Determination Agent. 
"Reference Bond" means, in relation to any Make-Whole Optional Redemption Price 
calculation, the Reference Bond specified hereon, or if such bond is no longer in issue, such other 
government bond as the Determination Agent may, with the advice of three brokers of, and/or 
market makers in, government bonds selected by the Determination Agent, determine to be 
appropriate for determining the Make-Whole Optional Redemption Price (taking into account 
any Par Redemption Date specified hereon (if any)). 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed will be selected, in such place 
and in such manner as may be appropriate, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and 
stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements, not more than 30 days before the date 
fixed for redemption. Notice of any such selection will be given not less than 15 days before the 
date fixed for redemption. Each notice will specify the date fixed for redemption and the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed and (in the case of a partial redemption) 
the certificate numbers of the Bearer Notes, or in the case of Registered Notes shall specify the 
nominal amount of Registered Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes, and the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes which will be outstanding after the partial redemption. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such 
other notice period as may be specified hereon) redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes 
on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional 
Redemption Amount specified hereon (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as 
described in Condition 7(b) above)), together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the 
Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon and no greater than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon.

--- Page 87 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate 
numbers of the Bearer Notes, or in the case of Registered Notes shall specify the nominal amount 
of Registered Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes, to be redeemed, which 
shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as the Issuer deems appropriate, subject 
to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority 
requirements. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If Put Option is specified hereon, the Issuer shall, at 
the option of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days' notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon) 
redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount 
specified hereon (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 7(b) 
above)), together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together 
with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in the case of 
Registered Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent at its specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice ("Exercise 
Notice") in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as 
applicable) within the notice period. No Note or Certificate so deposited and option exercised 
may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of 
the Issuer. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders upon a Change of Control: If Change of Control is 
specified hereon and a Change of Control Put Event occurs, Noteholders will have the option (a 
"Change of Control Put Option") (unless prior to the giving of the relevant Change of Control 
Put Notice the Issuer has given notice of redemption under Condition 7(c), 7(d) or 7(e) above) 
to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) 
that Note on the Change of Control Put Date at the Change of Control Optional Redemption 
Price specified hereon together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Change of Control 
Put Date. 
A "Change of Control Put Event" will be deemed to occur if in the case of the Guarantor, any 
person or any persons acting in concert shall acquire a controlling interest in (A) more than 50% 
of the issued or allotted ordinary stated capital of the Guarantor or (B) shares in the stated capital 
of the Guarantor carrying more than 50%, of the voting rights normally exercisable at a general 
meeting of the Guarantor or, in the case of the Issuer, the Guarantor ceases to hold directly or 
indirectly a 100% interest in the Issuer (each such event being, a "Change of Control"). 
Promptly upon but in any case no later than five Business Days after the Issuer or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor shall give notice (a "Change of Control Put Notice") 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 specifying the nature of the Change of 
Control Put Event and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of a Bearer Note must deliver such 
Note to the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of 
such Paying Agent falling within the period (the "Change of Control Put Period") of 30 days 
after a Change of Control Put Notice is given, accompanied by a duly signed and completed 
notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current and which may, if this Note is held 
through Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg"), be in any form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg delivered 
in a manner acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg) obtainable from the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (a "Change of Control Put Exercise Notice"). The Note should be 
delivered together with all Coupons appertaining thereto which mature after the date which is 
seven days after the expiration of the Change of Control Put Period (the "Change of Control 
Put Date"), failing which the Paying Agent will require payment from or on behalf of the 
Noteholder of an amount equal to the face value of any missing such Coupon. Any amount so 
paid will be reimbursed to the Noteholder against presentation and surrender of the relevant

--- Page 88 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
missing Coupon (or any replacement therefor issued pursuant to Condition 15) at any time after 
such payment, but before the expiry of the period of five years from the date on which such 
Coupon would have become due, but not thereafter. The Paying Agent to which such Note and 
Change of Control Put Exercise Notice are delivered will issue to the Noteholder concerned a 
non-transferable receipt in respect of the Note so delivered. Payment in respect of any Note so 
delivered will be made, if the holder duly specified a bank account in the Change of Control Put 
Exercise Notice to which payment is to be made, on the Change of Control Put Date by transfer 
to that bank account and, in every other case, on or after the Change of Control Put Date against 
presentation and surrender or (as the case may be) endorsement of such receipt at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent. A Change of Control Put Exercise Notice, once given, shall be 
irrevocable. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of a Registered Note must deposit the 
Certificate evidencing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified 
office, together with a duly signed and completed Change of Control Put Exercise Notice 
obtainable from the Registrar or any Transfer Agent within the Change of Control Put Period. 
No Certificate so deposited and option so exercised may be withdrawn without the prior consent 
of the Issuer. Payment in respect of any Certificate so deposited will be made, if the holder duly 
specified a bank account in the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice to which payment is to 
be made, on the Change of Control Put Date by transfer to that bank account and, in every other 
case, by cheque drawn on a Bank (as defined in Condition 8(a)) and mailed to the holder (or to 
the first named of joint holders) of such Note at its address appearing in the Register. 
The Issuer shall redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) the relevant Notes on the 
Change of Control Put Date unless previously redeemed (or purchased) and cancelled. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no responsibility for any cost or loss of whatever 
kind which the Noteholder may incur as a result of or in connection with such Noteholder's 
exercise or purported exercise of, or otherwise in connection with, any Change of Control Put 
Option (whether as a result of any purchase or redemption arising therefrom or otherwise). 
The Trustee shall be entitled to assume that no Change of Control Put Event has occurred until 
it has received from the Issuer or Guarantor written notice of the same, and shall incur no liability 
to any person for so doing. 
(h) 
Clean-Up Call Option: If Clean-Up Call Option is specified hereon and 80% or more in nominal 
amount of the Notes originally issued (which shall for this purpose include any further Notes 
issued pursuant to Condition 16) have been redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer may, 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17, redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the 
purchase of) on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or at any time 
(if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), all but not some only of the Notes then outstanding at 
the Clean-Up Redemption Amount specified hereon together with interest accrued (if any) to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. The notice referred to in the preceding sentence 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption. 
(i) 
Purchases: Each of the Issuer, the Guarantor and their respective Subsidiaries may at any time 
purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto 
are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(j) 
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed or purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
any of their Subsidiaries may be surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by 
surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons 
to the Issuing and Paying Agent and, in the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the 
Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered, shall, 
together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any 
Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged.

--- Page 89 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
8. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as 
mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case 
of all payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 8(f)(v)) or 
Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 8(f)(ii)), as the case may be, at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by transfer to an account 
denominated in such currency with a Bank. "Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre 
for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to T2. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against presentation 
and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer 
Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the 
close of business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the 
"Record Date"). Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made in the 
relevant currency by cheque drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first 
named of joint holders) of such Note at its address appearing in the Register. Upon 
application by the holder to the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent 
before the Record Date, such payment of interest may be made by transfer to an account 
in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are 
denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have 
appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes 
in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices 
is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment 
or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 9. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the 
Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and the Guarantor 
and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for 
or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any 
time with the approval of the Trustee to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and 
Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation 
Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the 
Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to 
Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) one or more 
Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices 
in at least two major European cities and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other 
stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed in each case, as approved by the Trustee. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York 
City in respect of any Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described 
in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders.

--- Page 90 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, 
such Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if 
any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of 
the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears 
to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Make-Whole Optional 
Redemption Price, Change of Control Optional Redemption Price or Clean-Up 
Redemption Amount as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted 
shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon 
within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 11). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating 
to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption 
without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption 
without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the 
provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation 
(and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, 
as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity 
Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant 
Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon 
sheet issued in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in exchange for a further 
Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any 
Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 11). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business 
day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any 
interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be 
specified as "Financial Centres" hereon and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such currency or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a T2 Business Day. 
9. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of the 
Notes and the Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is

--- Page 91 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
required by law. In that event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor shall pay such additional 
amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and Couponholders of such amounts as would have 
been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon presented (or in respect of which the 
Certificate representing it is presented) for payment: 
(a) 
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of having some connection with the Tax 
Jurisdiction, by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; 
(b) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to the application of the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021); or 
(c) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of such Note or 
Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting such Note or Coupon 
for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days assuming that day to have been a business 
day as (defined in Condition 8(h)). 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer shall be permitted to withhold or 
deduct any amounts required by the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or 
any amended or successor provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement, or implementing 
legislation adopted by another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any 
agreement with the US Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA withholding"). The Issuer will have no 
obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify any Noteholder or Couponholder for any 
FATCA withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, a Paying Agent or any other party as a result of 
any person (other than an agent of the Issuer) not being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA 
withholding. 
As used in these Conditions: 
"principal" shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Make-Whole Optional Redemption 
Price, Change of Control Optional Redemption Price, Clean Up Redemption Amount, Amortised Face 
Amount and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 7 or any 
amendment or supplement to it; "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other 
amounts payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it; and "principal" and/or 
"interest" shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition 
or any undertaking given in addition to or in substitution for it under the Trust Deed; 
"Relevant Date" in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on which payment in respect of it first 
becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which 
payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which 
notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note (or relative Certificate) 
or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that 
payment is in fact made upon such presentation; and  
"Tax Jurisdiction" means the Netherlands (in the case of payments by the Issuer or the Guarantor) (or 
any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax) or any other jurisdiction 
(or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax) to which payments 
made by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor of principal and interest on the Notes become 
generally subject. 
10. 
Reorganisation and Substitution 
The Trust Deed contains provisions under which a legal entity: 
(a) 
formed by any consolidation or merger of the Issuer with or into any other corporation or 
corporations (whether or not affiliated with the Issuer), or successive consolidations or mergers 
into which the Issuer or its successor or successors shall have been merged or consolidated; or 
(b) 
to which the Issuer has sold, conveyed or leased all or substantially all of the property of the 
Issuer (whether or not affiliated with the Issuer),

--- Page 92 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
(any such legal entity, a "Substituted Obligor") may, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders assume the obligations of the Issuer as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the 
Notes provided that: 
(i) 
the Substituted Obligor takes direct or indirect ownership of at least 80% of 
Consolidated Total Assets and that the Substituted Obligor is a legal entity incorporated 
in a Member State of the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom; 
(ii) 
that (except where the Substituted Obligor is the Guarantor) the Guarantor 
unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees all amounts payable under these Conditions 
to the satisfaction of the Trustee; and 
(iii) 
certain conditions specified in the Trust Deed are fulfilled. 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall, in connection with any substitution, be entitled to claim any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence thereof for such Noteholder or (as the case 
may be) Couponholder except to the extent provided for in Condition 9 (or any undertaking given in 
addition to or substitution for it pursuant to the provisions of the Trust Deed). 
11. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which, 
for this purpose, shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 
years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date 
in respect of them. 
12. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing then the Trustee at its discretion may and, if so 
requested in writing by holders of at least one quarter of the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding 
Notes or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution, shall (subject, in each case of the happening of 
any of the events mentioned in paragraphs (b) (Breach of other obligations) below and, in relation only 
to a Material Subsidiary, paragraphs (c) (Cross-default/Cross-acceleration of Issuer, Guarantor or 
Material Subsidiary), (d) (Enforcement Proceedings), (e) (Security Enforced), (f) (Insolvency), (g) 
(Winding-up) or (l) (Analogous Events) to the Trustee having certified in writing that the happening of 
such event is in its opinion materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders and, in all cases, to 
the Trustee having been indemnified and/or provided with security and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) 
give written notice to the Issuer declaring the Notes to be immediately due and payable, whereupon they 
shall become immediately due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount together (if applicable) 
with accrued interest without further action or formality: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, fails to pay any amount of 
principal in respect of the Notes within seven days of the due date for payment thereof or fails to 
pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes within 14 days of the due date for payment 
thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer or the Guarantor defaults in the performance or 
observance of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Trust Deed and 
such default (i) is, in the opinion of the Trustee, incapable of remedy or (ii) is a default which is, 
in the opinion of the Trustee, capable of remedy and remains unremedied for 30 days after the 
Trustee has given written notice thereof to the Issuer and the Guarantor; or 
(c) 
Cross-default/Cross-acceleration of Issuer, Guarantor or Material Subsidiary: a default under 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary, if that default (i) is 
caused by a failure to make any payment in respect of such Indebtedness and any originally 
applicable grace period has expired or (ii) results in the acceleration of such Indebtedness prior 
to its stated maturity; provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) 
and/or sub-paragraph (ii) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR 40,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(d) 
Enforcement Proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process, the award or 
decision in respect of which, in each case, is final and not subject to further appeal, is levied, 
enforced or sued out on or against any part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer, the

--- Page 93 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
Guarantor or their respective Material Subsidiaries in an amount which exceeds 10% of the 
Consolidated Total Assets and is not discharged or stayed within 90 days; or 
(e) 
Security Enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, 
created or assumed by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries 
in respect of an amount which exceeds 15% of the Consolidated Total Assets becomes 
enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the 
appointment of a receiver, administrative receiver, administrator manager or other similar 
person); or 
(f) 
Insolvency: (i) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries is 
insolvent or (ii) any of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries 
is unable to pay its debts, stops, suspends or threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or a 
substantial part of (or of a particular type of) its debts, proposes or makes a general assignment 
or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of 
any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared or comes into effect in respect of or 
affecting all or any part of (or of a particular type of) the debts of the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
any of their respective Material Subsidiaries except for the purposes of and pursuant to a 
reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation (x) pursuant to Condition 
10, (y) on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the 
Noteholders or (z) in the case of a Material Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of 
the Material Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
another Material Subsidiary (or a Subsidiary of the Issuer or a Subsidiary of the Guarantor which, 
upon such transfer or vesting, will become a Material Subsidiary); or 
(g) 
Winding-up: (A) an administrator, liquidator, receiver or any other similar officer is appointed 
through an irrevocable resolution for the opening of insolvency proceedings; (B) an irrevocable 
resolution is passed for the winding-up or dissolution or administration of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries; or (C) the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
any of their respective Material Subsidiaries shall apply or petition for a winding-up or 
administration order in respect of itself, in each of the cases (A), (B) or (C) above except for the 
purposes of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or 
consolidation (i) pursuant to Condition 10, (ii) on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution 
(as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders or (iii) in the case of a Material Subsidiary, 
whereby the undertaking and assets of the Material Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise 
vested in the Issuer, the Guarantor or another Material Subsidiary (or a Subsidiary of the Issuer 
or a Subsidiary of the Guarantor which, upon such transfer or vesting, will become a Material 
Subsidiary); or 
(h) 
Guarantee not in force: the Guarantee of the Notes and the Coupons is not (or is claimed by the 
Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect; or 
(i) 
Nationalisation: the assets of the Group in an amount which exceeds 15%, of the Consolidated 
Total Assets of the Group are expropriated, seized or nationalised by any person; or 
(j) 
Authorisation and Consents: any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting 
of any necessary consent, approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, recording or 
registration) at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order to make the Notes, the 
Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement admissible in evidence in the courts of the jurisdictions 
of incorporation of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor is not taken, fulfilled or done; 
or 
(k) 
Illegality: it is unlawful for the Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or comply with any one or 
more of its obligations under any of the Notes, the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement; or 
(l) 
Analogous Events: any event occurs that under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs. 
For the purposes of this Condition 12: 
"Gross Revenues" is calculated as the sum of: contractual rental income, expense recoveries and other 
operating income; and

--- Page 94 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
"Material Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Guarantor whose total assets (excluding intangible 
assets) or Gross Revenues ((i) each as determined by reference to the relevant Subsidiary's most recent 
audited annual, or unaudited semi-annual (as the case may be) financial statements prepared in 
accordance with IFRS or IAS 34, as applicable, and (ii) excluding any intra-Group Indebtedness and 
related receivables eliminated in the consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor) exceed 7.5%, of 
the Consolidated Total Assets or Gross Revenues of the Group, as the case may be (each as determined 
by reference to the Guarantor's most recent audited annual, or unaudited semi-annual (as the case may 
be) consolidated financial statements). The Guarantor will deliver on each Reporting Date a certificate 
addressed to the Trustee and signed by two authorised signatories confirming, in their opinion, which 
Subsidiaries of the Guarantor are Material Subsidiaries of the Guarantor as at each Measurement Date 
and such certificate may be relied on without liability by the Trustee without further enquiry or evidence 
and, if relied upon by the Trustee, shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on 
all parties. 
13. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of a modification of any of these 
Conditions or any provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by the Trustee 
(subject to its being indemnified and/or prefunded and/or secured to its satisfaction) upon request 
by Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be one or more persons holding or representing more than half of the nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more 
persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or 
represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, 
(i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or any date for payment of interest 
or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any premium 
payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the 
Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the 
basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any such 
Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount, the 
Make-Whole Optional Redemption Price, the Change of Control Optional Redemption Price or 
the Clean-Up Redemption Amount including the method of calculating the Amortised Face 
Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, (vii) 
to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the 
majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, or (viii) to modify or cancel the 
Guarantee, in which case the necessary quorum shall be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than three-quarters, or at any adjourned meeting not less than one-quarter 
of the nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution 
duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at 
which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. 
Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened at a physical location, or such other 
method (which may include, without limitation, a conference call or video conference) as the 
Trustee may determine in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
The Trust Deed provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than three-quarters of the nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be 
as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification of the Trust Deed: The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders 
or Couponholders, to (i) any modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed that is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other 
modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of any 
breach or proposed breach, of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed that is in the opinion of 
the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such modification,

--- Page 95 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, if the 
Trustee so requires, such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable. 
(c) 
Entitlement of the Trustee: In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but not 
limited to those referred to in this Condition) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the 
Noteholders as a class and shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor 
shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer or the Guarantor any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders. 
14. 
Enforcement 
At any time after the Notes become due and payable, the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further 
notice, take such actions, steps and/or proceedings against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor as it may think 
fit to enforce the terms of the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons, but it need not take any such 
actions, steps and/or proceedings unless (a) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution 
or so requested in writing by Noteholders holding at least one-quarter of the nominal amount of the Notes 
outstanding, and (b) it shall have been indemnified and/or provided with security and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction. No Noteholder or Couponholder may proceed directly against the Issuer or the Guarantor 
unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such 
failure is continuing. 
The Trustee may refrain from taking any action in any jurisdiction if the taking of such action in that 
jurisdiction would, in its opinion based upon legal advice in the relevant jurisdiction, be contrary to any 
law of that jurisdiction applicable to it. Furthermore, the Trustee may also refrain from taking such action 
if it would otherwise render it liable to any person in that jurisdiction or if, in its opinion based upon such 
legal advice, it would not have the power to do the relevant thing in that jurisdiction by virtue of any 
applicable law in that jurisdiction or if it is determined by any court or other competent authority in that 
jurisdiction that it does not have such power. 
15. 
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the 
specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of 
the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may 
be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation 
is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter 
alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is subsequently 
presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the 
Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or 
further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further securities having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the first payment of interest on them) and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and 
form a single series with an outstanding Series (for the avoidance of doubt, references in these Conditions 
to the "Issue Date" shall be to the first Issue Date of the relevant Series of Notes). References in these 
Conditions to the Notes include (unless the context requires otherwise) any other securities issued 
pursuant to this Condition and forming a single series with the Notes. 
17. 
Notices 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Registered Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be mailed 
to them at their respective addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday 
(being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices required to be given to 
the holders of Bearer Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times). So long as the Notes are

--- Page 96 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
listed and/or admitted to trading, notices required to be given to the holders of the Notes pursuant to the 
Conditions shall also be published (if such publication is required) in a manner which complies with the 
rules and regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are listed/and 
or admitted to trading. If in the opinion of the Trustee any such publication is not practicable, notice 
required to be given pursuant to the Conditions shall be validly given if published in another leading daily 
English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the 
first date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
18. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
19. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Trust Deed, the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise 
out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons or the Guarantee and accordingly any 
legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons or 
the Guarantee ("Proceedings") may be brought in such courts. Each of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor has in the Trust Deed irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Service of Process: Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has in the Trust Deed irrevocably 
appointed an agent in England to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any 
Proceedings in England.

--- Page 97 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
1. 
INITIAL ISSUE OF NOTES 
If the Global Notes or the Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN 
form or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be), the Global Notes or the Global Certificates will 
be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. Depositing 
the Global Notes or the Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Global notes which are issued in CGN form and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS 
may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "Common Depositary") or registration of Registered 
Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the 
relative Global Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit 
each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has 
subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is a NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate 
amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records 
of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the 
Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of 
the records of the relevant clearing system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, 
Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts 
of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
2. 
RELATIONSHIP OF ACCOUNTHOLDERS WITH CLEARING SYSTEMS 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other permitted 
clearing system ("Alternative Clearing System") as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note 
or a Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such Alternative 
Clearing System (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of 
such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to 
all other rights arising under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with 
the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such Alternative Clearing 
System (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of 
payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global 
Certificate and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global 
Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, in respect of each amount so 
paid. 
3. 
EXCHANGE 
3.1 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date: 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with TEFRA 
C or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see "Overview of the 
Programme – Selling Restrictions"), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes defined 
and described below; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form 
set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so provided in 
the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes.

--- Page 98 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
3.2 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date in whole but not in part for Definitive Notes if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system 
is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or 
otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be issued 
in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified 
Denominations. 
3.3 
Permanent Global Certificates 
If the Final Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by a permanent Global Certificate on issue, 
the following will apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or an Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent the trading of interests in the Notes 
within a clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing system, but will limit the 
circumstances in which the Notes may be withdrawn from the relevant clearing system. 
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) may 
only be made in part: 
(i) 
if the relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to 
cease business or does in fact do so; or 
(ii) 
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph 3.3(i) or 3.3(ii) 
above, the Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days' notice at its specified office 
of the Registered Holder's intention to effect such transfer. 
3.4 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note may 
surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the 
order of the Issuing and Paying Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be 
exchanged, the Issuer will (i) in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global 
Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal 
to that of the whole or that part of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a 
subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent Global Note to reflect such 
exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes, deliver, or procure the 
delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes or 
if the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in 
the records of the relevant clearing system. In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Notes" means, in relation 
to any Global Note, the definitive Bearer Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if 
appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been paid on 
the Global Note and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable 
legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Trust 
Deed. On exchange in full of each permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, 
procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes. 
3.5 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 
days after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, 
or in the case of failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due 30 days, after that on which the 
notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the 
specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing 
system is located.

--- Page 99 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
4. 
AMENDMENT TO CONDITIONS 
The temporary Global Notes, permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that 
apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the 
Notes set out in this Base Prospectus.  
4.1 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange for 
an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with TEFRA D before the Exchange Date 
will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form 
set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note in CGN 
form will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in 
respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent or 
such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global 
Note is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which 
endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. If 
the Global Note is a NGN or if the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that 
details of each such payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and 
in the case of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the 
relevant clearing system and represented by the Global Note or the Global Certificate will be reduced 
accordingly. Payments under a NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will discharge 
the Issuer's obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of the relevant 
clearing system shall not affect such discharge. For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a 
Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of "business day" set 
out in Condition 8(h) (Non-Business Days). 
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the order of, 
the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the record date which shall 
be on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, where Clearing 
System Business Day means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 January. 
4.2 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Note or a Global 
Certificate will become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of 
principal) and five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 9). 
4.3 
Meetings 
For the purposes of any quorum requirements at a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such meeting, the 
holder of a permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect of each integral currency 
unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. All holders of Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in 
respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes comprising such 
Noteholder's holding, whether or not represented by a Global Certificate. 
4.4 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions to 
be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the nominal amount of the 
relevant permanent Global Note. 
4.5 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
any of their respective subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future 
payments of interest thereon.

--- Page 100 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
4.6 
Issuer's Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented by 
a Global Note or a Global Certificate shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders 
within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, (except that 
any notice while any Notes are represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate shall not be required 
to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and accordingly 
no drawing of Notes shall be required). In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised in respect 
of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system in 
respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) or any other Alternative Clearing System (as 
the case may be). 
4.7 
Noteholders' Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global Note 
by giving notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes 
with a Paying Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any 
Paying Agent, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in 
respect of which the option has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of 
which the option is exercised and at the same time, where the permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting 
the permanent Global Note to the Issuing and Paying Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, for notation. Where the Global Note is a NGN or where the Global Certificate 
is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in 
the records of the relevant clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records 
will be reduced accordingly. 
4.8 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, 
exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the circumstances 
set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry 
being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such 
Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
4.9 
Trustee's Powers 
In considering the interests of Noteholders while any Global Note is held on behalf of, or Registered 
Notes are registered in the name of any nominee for, a clearing system, the Trustee may have regard to 
any information provided to it by such clearing system or its operator as to the identity (either individually 
or by category) of its accountholders with entitlements to such Global Note or Registered Notes and may 
consider such interests as if such accountholders were the holders of the Notes represented by such Global 
Note or Global Certificate. 
4.10 
Exercise of Put Option 
In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 7(g) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders upon 
a Change of Control) the (i) holder of a Bearer Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions 
for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to any Paying 
Agent in the current and acceptable form and (ii) holder of the Registered Note must, within the period 
specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Certificate evidencing such Note(s) and put 
notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. Any such notices will 
be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
4.11 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate and such Global Note or 
Global Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series 
may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled 
accountholders in substitution for publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant 
notice to the holder of the Global Note or Global Certificate.

--- Page 101 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
5. 
ELECTRONIC CONSENT AND WRITTEN RESOLUTION 
While any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Certificate is registered in the name of any 
nominee for, a clearing system, then: 
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee (as the case may be) given by way 
of electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications systems of the 
relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on 
behalf of the holders of not less than three-quarters of the nominal amount of the Notes 
outstanding (an "Electronic Consent" as defined in the Trust Deed) shall, for all purposes 
(including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a 
meeting for which the Special Quorum was satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all 
Noteholders and holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not they participated in such 
Electronic Consent; and 
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) has been validly passed, the Issuer and the Trustee 
shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer and/or 
the Trustee, as the case may be, by (a) accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements 
to such Global Note or Global Certificate and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such 
entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the 
person identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For the 
purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer and the 
Trustee shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) 
above, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system 
(the "relevant clearing system") and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and 
the accountholder identified by the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any 
resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even 
if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other 
document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the 
relevant clearing system (including Euroclear's EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg's Xact 
Web Portal system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a 
particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount 
of such holding. Neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be liable to any person by reason of 
having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect 
purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 102 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Series of Notes will be used: 
(a) 
for the general corporate purposes of the Group, including but not limited to, property acquisitions and 
developments, refinancing and working capital management; or 
(b) 
in respect of any Notes which are issued as Green Bonds, an amount equal to the net proceeds is intended 
to be used to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, eligible green projects in accordance with the 
Group's Green Finance Framework (as defined below) as amended from time to time ("Eligible Green 
Projects"). 
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as the case may be). 
The Group's green financing framework dated June 2023 (the "Green Finance Framework") is available on the 
Group's website at: https://nepirockcastle.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/Green-Financing-Framework-June-
2023.pdf. 
The opinion provided by ISS Corporate Solutions dated 21 June 2023 (the "Second Party Opinion") is available 
on the Group's website at: https://nepirockcastle.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/Second-Party-Opinion-
provided-by-ISS-June-2023.pdf. 
The Group's Green Finance Framework and the Second Party Opinion and any other documentation relevant to 
Notes issued as Green Bonds are subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, 
replaced or withdrawn from time to time. 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Group's Green Finance Framework, the Second Party Opinion or any 
other certification, report or opinion relating to the Group's Green Finance Framework or Notes issued as Green 
Bonds are, or shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 103 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
INTRODUCTION TO THE GUARANTOR AND THE GROUP 
The Guarantor is a commercial property investor. The Group owns and operates a property portfolio consisting 
of retail assets in Romania, Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Serbia and 
Lithuania, office buildings in Bulgaria and Slovakia and opportunistic “for sale” residential projects in Romania. 
The portfolio generates earnings from long-term, triple-net leases (i.e. in addition to rent, tenants pay property 
taxes, insurance, property management, utilities and other common area costs). 
The Guarantor's business strategy entails: 
• 
investing in retail assets in Central and Eastern Europe that are assessed to occupy, or with the potential 
to occupy, a dominant position within the catchment area, via a combination of acquisitions and 
developments; 
• 
diversification of the portfolio through mixed use (retail/residential) and residential projects; 
• 
active management of its portfolio, focusing on asset growth and constant improvement of the retail assets; 
• 
active re-positioning of its portfolio by disposing of non-core and lower growth assets when opportune; 
• 
benefitting from advantageous funding costs due to continued increase in scale; and 
• 
following a conservative financial policy, based on low gearing and strong liquidity. 
The Group is internally managed by a team of professionals combining investment, development, asset 
management, leasing and financial expertise. The property management function of the Group is partly undertaken 
internally and partly outsourced on market-related terms to external property managers (see "Description of the 
Group's operational activities" – "Property Management"). 
Executive management is overseen by the Board of Directors, including eight non-executive directors (see 
"Directors of the Guarantor and Group Executive Management"). 
The Guarantor's shares are listed on the Main Board of the JSE (share code NRP) and on Euronext Amsterdam 
(share code NRP), with a secondary listing on A2X in South Africa. The shares are transferable among the two 
registers. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the issued share capital of the Guarantor comprises 635,830,268 
ordinary shares of EUR 0.01 each (while the authorised share capital of the Guarantor comprises 2,600,000,000 
ordinary shares of EUR 0.01 each) (see "Major Shareholders"). 
The Group companies comprise real estate holding companies, energy companies and management companies in 
Romania, Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Serbia and Lithuania and 
intermediate holding companies established in other jurisdictions. The Guarantor and the Issuer are holding and 
service companies and do not own properties directly.

--- Page 104 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
The Group's summarised holding structure is presented below. 
 
 
SHAREHOLDERS  
NEPI Rockcastle N.V. (Guarantor) Netherlands 
NEPIOM Limited 
Malta 
NE Property BV (Issuer) 
Netherlands 
ROMANIA 
Management 
Company 
Property 
owning 
companies 
SLOVAKIA
 
 
Management 
Company 
Property 
owning 
companies 
SERBIA 
Management 
Company 
Property 
owning 
companies 
BULGARIA 
Management 
Company 
Property 
owning 
companies 
CZECH 
REP. 
Management 
Company 
Property 
owning 
companies 
CROATIA 
Management 
Company 
Property 
owning 
companies 
LITHUANIA 
Management 
Company 
Property 
owning 
companies 
POLAND 
Management 
Company 
Property 
owning 
companies 
HUNGARY 
Management 
Company 
Property 
owning 
companies

--- Page 105 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR 
The Guarantor is a Dutch public company with limited liability (naamloze vennootschap) operating under the 
laws of The Netherlands and registered with the Trade Register of the Chamber of Commerce in The Netherlands 
under number 87488329. 
The Guarantor was incorporated in the Isle of Man on 1 December 2016. On 29 November 2021, its Board of 
Directors approved its re-domiciliation from the Isle of Man to the Netherlands, via an initial migration to 
Luxembourg (together, the “Migration”). Structured in this way, the migration of the Guarantor to the 
Netherlands ensured its corporate continuity and the ongoing trading in its shares, which remain available to be 
traded on the JSE, Euronext Amsterdam and A2X.  
The Migration was approved by the Guarantor's shareholders on 10 May 2022 and, following the fulfilment of 
certain conditions precedent, the Guarantor, with effect from 6 September 2022, established its registered office 
and place of effective management and central administration in the Netherlands as a public company with limited 
liability.  
The Guarantor's registered office address is Strawinskylaan 563, WTC Zuidas Tower Ten, 5th floor, 1077 XX 
Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and its telephone number is +31 20 237 4770. The articles of association of the 
Guarantor were adopted on 6 September 2022 and further amended on 5 April 2023. 
The Guarantor is the holding company of the Group and its main functions include the determination of the Group 
strategy, the review and adoption of business plans within the context of the Group strategy, the overall 
coordination of the activities of the Group companies, the allocation of resources amongst Group companies and 
accounting for and monitoring the Group's activities.  
The Guarantor has in the Trust Deed irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed the due and punctual payment 
of all sums from time to time payable by the Issuer under the Trust Deed, the Notes and the Coupons.

--- Page 106 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
The Issuer is a Dutch private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte 
aansprakelijkheid) incorporated and operating under the laws of The Netherlands and registered with the Trade 
Register of the Chamber of Commerce in The Netherlands under number 34285470. The Issuer was incorporated 
on 22 October 2007 as a cooperative with exclusion of liability (coöperatie met uitgesloten aansprakelijkheid). 
As a result of the restructuring process aimed at the consolidation of the entire business and assets of Rockcastle 
Global Real Estate Holdings B.V. Netherlands into the Issuer, which was triggered by considerations related to 
operational, administrative and governance efficiency and was completed in 2019, the Issuer changed its legal 
form into a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) on 18 
January 2019. The conversion was registered with the Dutch Trade Register on 21 January 2019 and no assets, 
contracts, liabilities or any other rights and obligations under any contract changed as a result of such conversion.  
The Issuer's registered office address is Strawinskylaan 563, WTC Zuidas Tower Ten, 5th floor, 1077 XX 
Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and its telephone number is +31 20 237 4770. The articles of association (statuten) 
of the Issuer were adopted on 22 October 2007 and most recently amended and restated on 9 May 2022. The 
Issuer was incorporated for an indefinite duration. 
The Issuer is a holding company that performs the treasury, financing, management, advisory and group support 
activities for its subsidiaries. The Issuer is indirectly wholly owned by the Guarantor as set out in the Group's 
summarised holding structure presented in the section "Introduction to the Guarantor and the Group". The Issuer 
is the direct or indirect parent of all property-owning companies of the Group. 
The Issuer is managed in accordance with its articles of association (statuten) and with the provisions of Dutch 
law.  
Board of Directors  
The Issuer's Board of Directors (the "Board") consists of the following three managing directors (the 
"Directors"):  
Name 
Function 
Position held since 
Eugeniu Barba 
Director 
9 September 2014 
Alex Florescu 
Director 
1 October 2018 
Adela Tapurin  
Director  
1 October 2022  
 
The Directors have their business addresses at the Issuer's registered office at Strawinskylaan 563, WTC Zuidas 
Tower Ten, 5th floor, 1077 XX, Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The Issuer currently has six full-time employees in 
the Netherlands (two of whom are Directors) and one part-time employee. 
Potential Conflicts of Interests 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the Directors towards the Issuer and their private 
interests or other duties.

--- Page 107 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP'S OPERATIONAL ACTIVITIES 
Business model 
NEPI Rockcastle N.V. (the "Guarantor") is an internally managed commercial property investor and developer 
that owns and manages retail assets in nine high-growth CEE markets: Romania, Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, 
Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Serbia and Lithuania and A-grade offices in Bulgaria and Slovakia. The 
Group has a strategy of consolidating and expanding the Group's position in existing markets and diversification 
of the portfolio through mixed use (retail/residential) and residential projects. 
Merger of New Europe Property Investments Plc and Rockcastle Global Real Estate Company plc (the 
"Merger") 
The Merger of New Europe Property Investments Plc ("NEPI") and Rockcastle Global Real Estate Company 
Limited ("Rockcastle") became effective on 11 July 2017. The holding company of the group, the Guarantor, 
acquired the businesses of NEPI and Rockcastle (including 100% of their ownership interests in all of NEPI's and 
Rockcastle's respective underlying subsidiaries, but excluding any shares held by NEPI and Rockcastle, 
respectively in the Guarantor), thereby becoming one of the leading listed real estate companies in the CEE by 
portfolio size. In exchange for the acquired businesses, the Guarantor issued ordinary shares to NEPI and 
Rockcastle, in line with the agreed share swap ratio of 4.7 Rockcastle shares for every one NEPI share. 
The Group is managed with a focus on sustainable cash flow and aims to maintain its financial position by 
lowering its overall cost of finance and improving its balance sheet efficiency through a combination of corporate 
Eurobond issues and unsecured revolving bank facilities. The Group's liquidity is closely monitored in conjunction 
with profitability targets and acquisition plans. Most cash is held in euro and can be accessed immediately. 
Asset management 
The asset management function of the Group is undertaken internally by its executive management (see "Directors 
of the Guarantor and Group Executive Management"), who implement the Group's investment and growth 
strategy together with appropriately skilled and experienced staff that are familiar with the Group's portfolio of 
properties. The asset management role of the executive management is primarily: to seek new investment 
opportunities for the Group; to consider ways of optimising performance of existing assets; and, where necessary, 
to work towards the disposal of assets which no longer contribute to the Group's income growth strategy. 
The presence of the Group in nine countries increased the opportunity for cross-selling, wide-scale marketing and 
active asset management across a larger base of retailers and service providers. The Group's integrated platform 
is led by a multi-national group of senior asset managers with extensive commercial real estate experience. 
Property management 
Property management is an important strategic component for the Group. Leasing and marketing are coordinated 
internally for all properties, while the actual property management function is partly undertaken internally and 
partly outsourced on market-related terms to external property managers. The Group is currently collaborating 
with the following external property managers: Poland - Apsys Polska S.A. and Sierra Balmain Property 
Management Sp. z o.o.; Hungary - CBRE Kft. 
External property managers are paid a market related property management fee determined as a percentage of 
collected annual rent in respect of the relevant property and payable monthly in advance. 
Where performed internally, the property management function is undertaken by an in-country management team 
with a proven real estate track record in the relevant region and a strong understanding of the property portfolio, 
benefitting from long-term relationships with tenants. 
Investment strategy and the acquisition process 
The Group is focused on expanding and consolidating its portfolio of retail assets in Romania, Poland, Hungary, 
Slovakia, Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Serbia and Lithuania, through acquisition or development of 
retail assets that meet its investment criteria. Possessing geographically diverse management skills allows the 
Guarantor to pursue CEE property opportunities more efficiently, benefitting from a competitive advantage in the 
acquisition, development and management of properties.

--- Page 108 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
Acquisitions of properties are initiated by the Group's acquisition team, which identifies, reviews and analyses 
investment opportunities by leveraging on the Group's wide contact network in the retail and real estate industries. 
The due diligence process commences if an opportunity meets the Group's investment criteria and Investment 
Committee (as defined in "Directors of the Guarantor and Group Executive Management") approval is obtained. 
Assuming a favourable due diligence outcome (such due diligence may be outsourced to qualified third party 
providers) and that the commercial terms are agreed, the Investment Committee recommends the acquisition to 
the Board for approval. Once Board approval has been obtained, the acquisition is executed primarily by the 
acquisition team in collaboration with the asset management team which takes over the management of the asset 
post acquisition based on the underlying assumptions relied upon during the commercial part of the due diligence. 
To meet the Group's investment criteria, a retail asset must occupy or have the potential to occupy a dominant 
retail location within the relevant catchment area or region and, in the opinion of the Management, such dominant 
position is sustainable in the long term. In assessing this, the Group considers a number of factors and their 
interplay, including catchment, macroeconomic specifics of the relevant region or city, size, tenant mix (product 
and service offering), potential for extension, growth potential, design, technical specifications, location, access 
and visibility. For example, adequate size is critical by enabling the most comprehensive tenant mix in the region, 
whereas the potential for future extension reduces the threat of significant future competition. The optimal tenant 
mix usually comprises a large proportion of food and fashion anchor tenants with a substantial leisure offering. 
Development process 
The Group invests in developments which it expects to significantly contribute to growth in distributable earnings 
per share. Development, redevelopment and expansion opportunities are identified in regions with commercial 
potential and low levels of retail stock. Careful consideration is given to achieving a dominant competitive location 
within the relevant region. The Group commits to development costs in a phased manner to limit risk. Land is 
acquired after a due diligence process, the completion of feasibility studies and assessing retailers' interest. 
Construction costs are committed to on a gradual basis (after obtaining the required permits and meeting the 
agreed pre-leasing targets) and are limited to the availability of internal sources of financing. 
The Group currently has a pipeline of planned retail development/extensions and refurbishment in Romania, 
Poland and Bulgaria. The Group's experience in the above-mentioned retail markets and its strong relationship 
with anchor tenants across the CEE ensures that interest in a particular project can be assessed at a very early 
phase, before land is acquired, thus minimising development risk. All existing developments and extensions 
previously undertaken by the Guarantor were finalised within budget, on time and were substantially leased on 
opening.  
The Group's in-house expertise and the development team's ability to supervise and undertake project management 
responsibilities with respect to the initiation of a project, vetting and appointment of contractors and monitoring 
the progress of a project, ensures greater control over such developments. The Group enters into construction 
agreements with contractors who have proven financial and professional capabilities in addition to a track record 
of completing projects of a similar scope on time and within budget. 
The development cash-flows are closely monitored on an ongoing basis to ensure that finance is available in a 
timely manner for all developments. 
The Group will continue to commit to limited low-risk development, redevelopment and extension opportunities 
in a non-speculative phased manner, in Romania, Poland and in other markets where it has established an operating 
presence and where there are opportunities that meet the Group's investment criteria. In 2019 the Group finalised 
the redevelopment and extension of Solaris Shopping Centre, and completed development projects such as Arena 
Park, Krusevac Shopping Park and Promenada Sibiu. In 2020, the Group finalised the development of Targu 
Mures Shopping City (Romania), the last phase of refurbishment project at Shopping City Buzau (Romania) and 
the refurbishment works at Forum Liberec Shopping Centre (Czech Republic). In 2021, the Group completed 
construction of the 15,000 m2 gross lettable area ("GLA") extension of Focus Mall Zielona Gora (Poland). The 
total investment value of projects under construction, or permitting, as at 31 December 2022 was €677 million of 
which €253 million had been spent by 31 December 2022.  
Significant progress has been made with the permitting on Promenada Mall extension and Promenada Craiova, a 
new 63,700 m2 GLA modern retail and entertainment destination in one of Romania's premier cities.  
The Group will continue to invest in developments contributing to growth and improving long-term portfolio 
prospects, and will constantly monitor, and revise, the development pipeline in line with current objectives and

--- Page 109 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
constraints. The Group estimates that it will invest €223 million in development and capital expenditure related 
to its ongoing projects in 2023 and will consider new development opportunities depending on how market 
circumstances evolve. The development strategy going forward will target diversification through a focus on 
mixed-use and residential projects, the latter on land owned by the Group and adjacent to its shopping centres. 
Description of the portfolio 
As at 31 December 2022 the Group owned and operated 59 income-producing properties with over 2.1 million 
m2 GLA. It had 6 developments under construction, 2 developments under permitting and pre-leasing 
commitments and land held for future extensions and developments. In addition, as at the same date, the Group 
had assets held for sale which included a plot of land located in Slovakia together with two non-core properties 
and a plot of land located in Romania. One of the Romanian non-core properties was sold at book value in January 
2023. 
As at 31 December 2022, the entire property portfolio was independently valued by external appraisers, who are 
members of the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors (and with respect to valuers of properties in Romania, of 
the National Association of Authorised Valuers in Romania). The valuation of the property portfolio as at 31 
December 2022 was performed as follows: 
• 
Romania - COLLIERS VALUATION AND ADVISORY S.R.L, 169A Calea Floreasca Street, 7rd Floor, 
1st District, Bucharest, Romania; 
• 
Poland - Cushman & Wakefield Polska Sp. z o.o, Złote Tarasy – Lumen Office Building, 59 Złota Street, 
00-120, Warsaw, Poland; 
• 
Hungary - Cushman & Wakefield Nemzetközi Ingatlan Tanácsadó Kft., H-1052 Budapest, Deák Ferenc 
utca 5, Budapest, Hungary; and Jones Lang LaSalle s.r.o – Astoria Palace, Hodžovo námestie 1/A, 
Bratislava, Slovakia; 
• 
Slovakia - Jones Lang LaSalle s.r.o – Astoria Palace, Hodžovo námestie 1/A, Bratislava, Slovakia; 
• 
Bulgaria - Jones Lang LaSalle s.r.o – Szabadság tér 14., 1054 Budapest, Hungary; 
• 
Croatia - Jones Lang LaSalle s.r.o – Szabadság tér 14., 1054 Budapest, Hungary; 
• 
The Czech Republic - Jones Lang LaSalle s.r.o – Myslbek Building, Na Příkopě 21, 110 00 Prague, The 
Czech Republic; 
• 
Serbia - Jones Lang LaSalle s.r.o – Szabadság tér 14., 1054 Budapest, Hungary; and 
• 
Lithuania - Cushman & Wakefield Polska Sp. z o.o, Złote Tarasy – Lumen Office Building, 59 Złota 
Street, 00-120, Warsaw, Poland. 
The fair value of the property portfolio of the Group as at 31 December 2022 was EUR 6,596,137 thousand, after 
having recorded a fair valuation gain in 2022 of EUR 141,701 thousand. This value includes (i) investment 
properties in use at fair value, together with right-of-use assets (recognised in accordance with IFRS 16) and (ii) 
investment properties under and held for development.  
Further to the disposal of the Romanian office portfolio in August 2020, approximately 99% of the Group's 
property portfolio (by market value, excluding properties held for sale) consists of retail properties. As at 31 
December 2022, the Group's property portfolio in use was geographically spread as follows (by market value): 
36% was located in Romania, 28% in Poland, 9% in Hungary, 8% in Slovakia, 8% in Bulgaria, 4% in Croatia, 
3% in the Czech Republic, 2% in Lithuania, and 2% in Serbia. 98% of the property portfolio in use at such date 
was located in EU investment-grade countries.

--- Page 110 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
SCHEDULE OF INCOME-PRODUCING PROPERTIES AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022 
Country 
Buildings/ 
Assets 
Gross Lettable 
Area 
Valuation/ 
Cost to date 
Passing 
Rent^ 
EPRA 
Occupancy^^ 
 
 
m2 
€m 
€m 
 
INCOME PRODUCING 
PROPERTIES .................................. 
59 
2 168 700 
6 295 
454 
97.3% 
RETAIL ............................................ 
55 
2 100 100 
6 206 
446 
97.6% 
Romania ............................................. 
27 
869 600 
2 210 
169 
98.9% 
Poland ................................................ 
14 
591 300 
1 764 
119 
96.7% 
Slovakia ............................................. 
5 
117 300 
503 
34 
95.7% 
Bulgaria ............................................. 
2 
132 100 
428 
35 
97.5% 
Hungary ............................................. 
2 
123 300 
581 
35 
95.0% 
Croatia ............................................... 
1 
75 300 
265 
20 
97.8% 
Czech Republic .................................. 
2 
74 200 
175 
11 
93.8% 
Lithuania ............................................ 
1 
67 800 
152 
13 
100.0% 
Serbia ................................................. 
1 
49 200 
129 
11 
97.9% 
OFFICE ............................................ 
2 
41 300 
70 
6 
82.8% 
Bulgaria ............................................. 
1 
28 500 
50 
4 
81.8% 
Slovakia ............................................. 
1 
12 800 
20 
2 
85.2% 
INDUSTRIAL .................................. 
2 
27 300 
19 
2 
98.0% 
Romania ............................................. 
2 
27 300 
19 
2 
98.0% 
 ____________  
The Schedule of properties excludes non-core properties held for sale.  
^ Annualised passing rent was computed based on the contractual rents effective as at 31 December 2022.  
^^ Occupancy ratio = 1 - EPRA Vacancy ratio.  
 
Source: Company data from the Annual Report of the Guarantor – pages 320-321, not audited

--- Page 111 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
SCHEDULE OF DEVELOPMENTS AND LAND HELD FOR DEVELOPMENT AS AT 31 DECEMBER 
2022 
 
Country 
Type 
Category 
Ownership 
GLA* 
m2 
Gross 
Building 
Area** 
(GBA) m2 
Valuation/ 
Cost to date 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
€m 
Development under construction  
 
 
 
 
129 700 
- 
180 
Promenada Mall ............................. 
Romania 
Mall 
Extension  
100% 
58 400 
- 
79 
Promenada Craiova 
Romania 
Mall 
Development 
100% 
63 700 
- 
98 
Bonarka City Center....................... 
Poland 
Mall 
Refurbishment 
100% 
4 700 
- 
- 
Galeria Wolomin 
Poland 
Mall 
Extension 
100% 
2 900 
- 
- 
Photovoltaic plants 
Romania 
Green energy 
project 
ESG 
100% 
 
 
3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Developments under permitting 
and pre-leasing ............................. 
 
 
 
 
90 900 
- 
45 
Promenada Plovdiv ........................ 
 Bulgaria 
Mall 
Development 
100% 
57 700 
- 
27 
Galati Retail Park 
Romania 
Mall 
Development 
100% 
33 200 
 - 
18 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Land held for future 
developments and extensions ....... 
 
 
 
 
 
 
52 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Residential developments under 
construction (inventory 
property) 
Romania 
Residential 
Development 
100% 
18 300 
28 000 
21 
 _______________  
* Amounts included in this table are estimates and may vary according to permitting, pre-leasing and final configuration of the completed 
development projects.  
** "Gross Building Area" means the total area of all floors, measured in square meters, of a building enclosed by the outside surface of 
exterior walls thereof, including the square footage of the floor area of mezzanines. 
 
Source: Company data 
Leasing and tenant profile 
The Group's European Public Real Estate Association ("EPRA") occupancy rate was 97.3% at 31 December 2022 
(96.0% as at 31 December 2021). 
The collection rate in 2022 recovered to pre-pandemic levels: 98% of 2022 reported revenues were collected as 
of 31 December 2022, increasing to over 99% by the end of January 2023.  
The Group employs a range of strategies to improve the attractiveness of each retail asset and increase footfall, 
trading densities and occupancy. The retail offering is constantly monitored and adjusted to consumer needs in 
each specific location with an emphasis on the fashion, leisure and food segments. The Group maintains strong 
relationships with anchor tenants and has significant insight in relation to their trading performances and 
expansion plans. The leasing team determines sustainable retail rents as a function of trading densities; the tenants' 
expected sales are accurately estimated based on consultations, market studies and the Group's retail portfolio 
database. 
During 2022, the Group signed 506 new leases (for 117,000 m2, 5.4% of total GLA). More GLA was leased in 
2022 than covered by lease agreements expiring in the year, which led to a decrease in vacancy by 1.3%.  
The Group aims to maintain the attractiveness of office space for existing and potential tenants through high 
standards of maintenance and services. The negotiations for lease extensions and re-lettings start in advance of 
contract expiry. The Group targets multinational tenants with strong track records. The creditworthiness of 
potential tenants is reviewed, and parent company guarantees are obtained from those multinationals whose local 
subsidiaries are perceived to be insufficiently established. 
The top ten retail tenants accounted for 24.8% of the annualised passing rent of the Group as at 31 December 2022 
and include multinational retail anchor tenants such as LPP Fashion, INDITEX, Carrefour, Auchan, CCC, H&M, 
New Yorker, Peek & Cloppenburg, Cinema City and Deichmann. Out of the Group's total rentable area, 67% is 
occupied by large international or national tenants, with assets or turnovers higher than EUR 200 million (type A 
tenants).

--- Page 112 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
Lease terms 
The investment strategy is biased towards long-term leases in euro with strong corporate covenants. As at 31 
December 2022, the weighted average unexpired lease term ("WAULT") was 3.1 years.  
The main lease terms include a minimum term of ten years for hypermarkets, DIYs and cinemas. Different lease 
duration terms are provided in the lease agreements entered into by the Group with other tenants (between 3 to 7 
years). The Group maintains a weighted average lease term of over 4 years for the purpose of a higher adaptability 
to the market to accommodate new retail concepts and a low risk profile (as the lease renewal profile for a 
particular property is 'flattened' over time, as opposed to having the majority of tenants expiring in a particular 
year). All leases are negotiated in Euro and the large majority are triple-net leases (i.e. in addition to rent, tenants 
pay property taxes, insurance, property management, utilities and other common area costs). The majority of retail 
leases include turnover related clauses whereby the tenant pays the higher of the turnover or the base rent. Rent 
and marketing charges are adjusted annually in line with EU inflation and cash or parent company guarantees are 
received from tenants. Limited incentives (fit-out contributions and rent free periods) are provided to retail anchor 
tenants and large office tenants. 
Lease expiry schedule as at 31 December 2022 
 
Percentage of Group's 
total rental income 
Year 
 
 
 
2023 ............................................................................................................................................................... 
9.1% 
2024 ............................................................................................................................................................... 
20.6% 
2025 ............................................................................................................................................................... 
19.5% 
2026 ............................................................................................................................................................... 
16.2% 
2027 ............................................................................................................................................................... 
13.2% 
2028 ............................................................................................................................................................... 
10.8% 
2029 ............................................................................................................................................................... 
2.8% 
2020 ............................................................................................................................................................... 
1.4% 
2031 ............................................................................................................................................................... 
1.2% 
>=2032 .......................................................................................................................................................... 
5.2% 
TOTAL ......................................................................................................................................................... 
100% 
 
Typically, the Group has lease agreements with longer durations of up to 30 years with some of its anchor tenants. 
Given these longer lease periods, the relevant lease agreements are typically subject to break clauses which usually 
come into effect after a specific period from the commencement of the lease period under such lease agreements 
(usually ten years for hypermarkets, DIYs and cinemas, and three to five years for other tenants). The above lease 
expiry schedule takes into consideration such break options that may be contained in the respective lease terms. 
Occupancy rates 
The following table sets out the occupancy rate for the Group (excluding joint ventures): 
 
As at 31 
December 
2022 
As at 31 
December 
20211 
As at 31 
December 
2020 
Occupancy rate (%) .................................................................................................  
97.3 
96.0 
95.7 
 
 
1 
Including the Romanian office portfolio held for sale. 
 
Operational and financial indicators 
Operational and financial  
performance indicators 
Year ended 
31 
December 
2022 
Year ended 
31 
December 
2021 
Year 
ended 31 
December 
2020 
Net rental and Related Income ("Net Operating Income" or "NOI") in 
EUR thousand ............................................................................................ 
€404,565 
€346,891 
€323,964 
Collection rate1 .......................................................................................... 
99% 
94% 
95% 
EPRA occupancy ratio ............................................................................... 
97.3% 
96% 
95.7%

--- Page 113 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
Loan-to-value (LTV)2 ................................................................................ 
35.7% 
30.9% 
31.5% 
Unencumbered assets (% of investment property) ..................................... 
90% 
91% 
83% 
Cost of debt3 .............................................................................................. 
2.3% 
2.4% 
2.3% 
Average remaining debt maturity4 ............................................................. 
4.6 years 
3.7 years 
4.1 years 
Long-term interest rate hedge coverage ..................................................... 
96% 
100% 
90% 
EPRA net initial yield5 ............................................................................... 
6.80% 
6.75% 
6.70% 
EPRA 'topped up' net initial yield6 ............................................................. 
6.86% 
6.79% 
6.75% 
 __________  
1 
Since 1 January 2020, operational performance indicator computed as cash collected relative to the gross rental income and service charge 
income as recognised in the financial statements (adjusted for concessions granted and recognised as "partial forgiveness of receivables 
(Covid-19 forgiveness)". 
2 
Interest bearing debt less lease liabilities associated to rights of use assets (IFRS 16) less cash, divided by investment property (including 
investment property held for sale) less right of use assets (IFRS 16) plus listed securities. 
3 
Mathematical measure of the finance expense divided by the periodical average outstanding debt. 
4 
Average time a loan takes to fully mature weighted by the amount of principal left to be paid on the loan. 
5 
Annualised rental income based on passing cash rents, less non-recoverable property operating expenses, divided by the market value of 
the property/portfolio. 
6 
EPRA net initial yield adjusted to reflect rent after the expiry of lease incentives such as rent-free periods and rental discounts. 
Source: Company data 
Finance  
The Group favours private placements over rights issues for equity financing and, historically, all placements via 
book building have been significantly oversubscribed. The Group monitors the market and, if opportunities are 
identified, it may raise further equity from time to time. 
The Group maintains a conservative business and financial risk approach in terms of its capital structure, liquidity 
and investment policies. The Group uses derivative instruments conservatively and maintains a track record of 
covenant compliance as well as compliance with the requirements of each stock exchange on which the Guarantor 
is listed. 
The Group has a strong liquidity profile, with EUR 250,631 thousand in cash and cash equivalents, and EUR 
420,000 thousand in undrawn unsecured revolving facilities, as of 31 December 2022. The decrease of cash 
balance during 2022 was mainly the result of investments made in Q4 2022.  
The Group’s loan-to-value (“LTV”) was 35.7% as of 31 December 2022, comfortably within the Group’s debt 
covenants. The Company intends to reduce the LTV below 35%, its strategic threshold, within the upcoming 12-
18 months.   
The table below provides a description of the outstanding principal amount of the loans and borrowings of the 
Group's subsidiaries by country as of 31 December 2022: 
Interest bearing borrowings as at 31 December 2022 (all amounts in EUR'000) 
Country 
Type 
Outstanding 
amount 
Available for 
drawdown 
2023 
2024 
2025 
2026 
>2026 
Netherlands 
Unsecured fixed 
coupon bonds 
1,998,980 
- 
- 
498,980 
- 
500,000 
1,000,000 
Netherlands 
Revolving facilities 
200,000 
420,000 
- 
- 
200,000 
- 
- 
Netherlands 
Unsecured loan 
73,521 
 
- 
- 
 
- 
73,521 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Poland 
Secured loans 
75,620 
- 
1,520 
74,100 
- 
- 
- 
Slovakia 
Secured loans 
111,812 
- 
6,475 
5,800 
5,800 
5,800 
87,937 
Romania 
Secured loans 
60,000 
 
2,727 
2,727 
2,727 
2,727 
49,092 
Czech Republic 
Secured loans 
39,309 
- 
615 
38,694 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
 
2,559,242 
420,000 
11,337 
620,301 
208,527 
508,527 
1,210,550 
 _______________  
Source: Company data 
The average interest rate of the Group’s debt, including hedging, was approximately 2.3% during 2022 (2021: 
2.4%). As at 31 December 2022, fixed-coupon bonds represented 78% of the Group’s outstanding debt; out of the 
remaining long-term debt (all of which is exposed to EURIBOR), 59% was hedged with interest rate caps and 
21% with interest rate swaps. As at 31 December 2022, the unhedged portion represents less than 5% of the

--- Page 114 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
outstanding debt and relates to a proportion of the revolving credit facilities disbursed as of year-end 2022. 
As at 31 December 2022, the ratios calculated for all unsecured loans and bonds showed ample headroom 
compared to the covenants thresholds (for more information on how the ratios set out below are defined see 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Financial Covenants"): 
• 
Solvency Ratio: 40% (compared to 39% as at 31 December 2021) (compared to covenant threshold of 
maximum 60%) 
• 
Consolidated Coverage Ratio: 6.20 (compared to 4.06 as at 31 December 2021) (compared to covenant 
threshold of minimum 2); and 
• 
Unencumbered Consolidated Total Assets / Unsecured Consolidated Total Indebtedness: 251% 
(compared to 263% as at 31 December 2021) (compared to covenant threshold of minimum 150%). 
In June 2020, the Group established its Green Finance Framework and on 14 July 2020, the Issuer issued EUR 
500 million 3.375% Notes due 2027. The Notes, which are guaranteed by the Guarantor, were issued under this 
Programme and represent the Group's inaugural green bond issuance. The Group has committed to use proceeds 
from green bonds to finance and/or refinance existing and/or future projects which improve the environmental 
performance of the Group's property portfolio. 
Moreover, the Group signed a green unsecured financing agreement of EUR 73.5 million with the International 
Finance Corporation (the "IFC"), for a seven-year maturity. The loan was drawn in July 2021.  
In January 2022, the Group issued its second green €500 million unsecured eight-year Eurobond, carrying a 2% 
fixed coupon, with an issue price of 98.713%. The bond’s interest rate was partially pre-hedged via a swap 
instrument. When the bond was issued, the interest rate swap position was closed for a profit of €4.1 million, 
recognised in the Statement of comprehensive income. The proceeds from the eight-year Eurobond were used for 
liability management, to repay a €500 million bond maturing in 2023. The repurchase of this 2023 bond was made 
at market price during January and February 2022, with the premium on the bond’s carrying value (amounting to 
€22 million) recognised in the Statement of comprehensive income. 
In Q4 2022, the Group partially funded its acquisitions by using €200 million from its revolving credit facilities. 
The remaining undrawn revolving facilities stood at €420 million as at year-end 2022. In addition, a new secured 
green loan of €60 million was concluded in December 2022 for a 7-year term. The financed property holds a 
BREEAM In-Use Excellent sustainable certification rating, and a Class A energy performance certificate. This 
loan further supports the Group’s liquidity position and strengthens the relationship with the Group’s funding 
partners, both traditional and newly added ones. In 2022, the Group extended a €62 million secured loan maturing 
in 2023 for a 7-year term, within the ranges of its average cost of debt. 
Operational update Q1 2023 
NOI increased by 27% in the first quarter ("Q1") of 2023 compared to Q1 2022, to €120 million. The sharp uptick 
in performance was driven by higher base rents, tight management of operating costs and an €8.8 million 
contribution from the three acquisitions - Forum Gdansk Shopping Center, Copernicus Shopping Centre, and 50% 
of Ploiesti Shopping City - made by the Group in the second half of 2022. The increase in NOI was 17% on a 
like-for-like basis. 
Rent collection for Q1 2023 was 98% as of end of May 2023, despite property expenses rising by 34%, driven by 
higher energy costs and overall inflation. 
The property portfolio’s value of €6.6 billion was marginally higher (+0.4%) at 31 March 2023 compared to 31 
December 2022 due to investments in developments made during Q1 2023. In line with company policy, no 
property valuations were undertaken during Q1 2023. Independent valuations are included in half-yearly and year-
end financial reports. 
In March 2023, the Group secured a green portfolio financing of €200 million for a 5-year term on two of its 
Romanian entities. The loan proceeds were used to repay the revolving credit facilities utilised for the acquisition 
of Forum Gdansk Shopping Center and Copernicus Shopping Centre, restoring the revolving facility capacity to 
€620 million.  Liquidity remained strong at the end of March 2023 with €926 million in cash and available 
committed credit facilities at 31 March 2023.

--- Page 115 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
The Group’s LTV at 31 March 2023 was reduced to 34.7%, below the 35% strategic threshold, as a result of 
approximately €145 million scrip dividend take-up. 
As of 31 March 2023, ratios for unsecured loans and bonds showed ample headroom compared to covenants: 
- 
Solvency Ratio: 41% actual versus maximum 60% requirement. 
- 
Consolidated Coverage Ratio: 6.4 actual versus minimum 2 requirement. 
- 
Unsecured consolidated total assets/unsecured consolidated total debt: 246% actual versus 
minimum 150% requirement. 
The Q1 2023 average interest rate, including hedging, was 2.47%. Since April 2023, exposure to variable interest 
rates has been 100% hedged. 
In terms of leasing activity, in Q1 2023, the Group signed 219 new leases and lease renewals, for more than 47,200 
m2 (2.2% of total GLA), of which 61% by GLA are new leases. International tenants accounted for 66% of newly 
leased GLA. Retail vacancy decreased to 2.4%, on the back of strong interest from international retailers looking 
to expand their presence in the region. 
Risk Management 
The Group developed a comprehensive framework for the management of risks, to increase overall awareness of 
risk management principles and to enable the management functions responsible for managing the risks to better 
identify, assess and control risks within their areas, thus aiming to align and integrate risk management with 
strategy and business objectives setting.  
The responsibility for managing risks is shared between management and the Board of Directors assisted by the 
Risk and Compliance Committee, set up to support the Board in exercising its oversight role over enterprise risk 
and compliance management processes, as well as to ensure that the Group has implemented an effective approach 
for risk management that will enhance its ability to achieve its strategy and business objectives. In addition, a risk 
and compliance officer, reporting to the Risk Committee, is mandated by the Board of Directors with overseeing 
compliance and enterprise risk management as a second line of accountability.  
Management seeks to embed risk management practices into the day-to-day operations and to ensure that these 
practices are applied consistently, seeking to build a risk aware culture and efficiently manage risks. Furthermore, 
management is entitled to decide whether to proceed with mitigation strategies and implement contingency 
actions, within the risk appetite approved by the Board, especially those that have an associated cost or resource 
requirement, while the Board of Directors directly and through the Risk and Compliance Committee exercises 
overall risk management oversight. 
The Group has zero-tolerance towards risks related to certain key areas, such as fraud, corruption and ethics, 
money laundering and terrorism financing, damage to its reputation materially affecting its ability to attract 
funding, personnel or its relations with business partners, any failure in being fully compliant with financial 
reporting standards, and any practices presenting a risk of market abuse as defined by the rules and regulations of 
the markets where the Groups' shares are trading.  
Unexpected evolution in the political, economic, ﬁnancial, currency, regulatory, geopolitical, social or health 
environments of the jurisdictions the Group operates in may have an impact on Group's valuation of assets, 
financial results, distribution policy, extension initiatives and/or investment/divestment activities. Key strategic 
directions decided by the Group are considered for periodic assessment, ensuring identified risks are aligned to 
moving business objectives, while seeking adequately and efficiently to address potential negative impact on the 
Group's activities or correctly weighing the potential opportunity for the Group. 
Every risk is mapped to one or more of the Group's strategic goals and this mapping is revisited annually, once 
the strategy for the next year has been set, in order to ensure its applicability and to detect correlations between 
risks. Limited new capital, decrease in investor demand, liquidity risk and stock market volatility are among the 
most relevant risk triggers the Group encounters.   
Cash flow management is performed on a daily basis and forecasts for the next year are updated several times a 
year. Capital is sourced from a diversity of sources, debt maturities are spread over time, while committed but 
undrawn facilities are always kept available. Active capital markets engagement and banks relationship

--- Page 116 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
management by the Group CFO and CEO seek to ensure that new sources of capital are available to the Group. 
In addition, the Group adapted its investment strategy to Covid-19 context, showing a high degree of prudence 
towards new investment. In addition to its usual financial management approach, in the context of the Covid-19 
pandemic, the Group is committed to maintaining its conservative gearing level and robust liquidity. Furthermore, 
to mitigate stock market volatility risk, the Group performs an ongoing assessment of exposures and assessment 
of liquidity under the supervision of the Risk and Compliance Committee. 
Insurance 
The Group insures all income-producing properties with all-risk property insurance at reconstruction cost, 
business interruption (revenues for at least 24 months) and third party liability insurance. Most of the properties 
are also insured against terrorist acts. Properties under development have construction all-risk insurance. 
Insurance is contracted from reputable international third-party providers. 
Subsidiaries comprising the Group 
A list of subsidiaries comprising the Group as at 31 December 2022, including the Guarantor's percentage 
ownership (direct or indirect) in each such subsidiary is shown below: 
No. 
Subsidiary 
Incorporation/date 
became subsidiary 
Country of incorporation 
Principal 
activity 
Effective 
interest  
1.  
ACE3 Sp.z o.o.  
Jun 2013/Jul 2017 
Poland 
Property-
owning 
100% 
2.  
Arena Center Zagreb d.o.o. 
2006/Nov 2016 
Croatia 
Property-
owning 
100% 
3.  
Copernicus Property Sp. z o.o. 
Dec 2017/Dec 2022 
Poland 
Property-
owning 
100% 
4.  
AUPARK Kosice SC, s.r.o. 
Nov 2008/Dec 2014 
Slovakia 
Services 
100% 
5.  
AUPARK Kosice, spol. s.r.o. 
Jan 2004/Dec 2014 
Slovakia 
Property-
owning 
100% 
6.  
AUPARK Piestany SC, s.r.o. 
Nov 2008/Aug 2016 
Slovakia 
Services 
100% 
7.  
AUPARK Piestany, spol. s.r.o. 
Apr 2004/Aug 2016 
Slovakia 
Property-
owning 
100% 
8.  
AUPARK Tower Kosice, s.r.o. 
Nov 2008/Dec 2014 
Slovakia 
Property-
owning 
100% 
9.  
AUPARK Žilina SC a.s. 
Oct 2008/Aug 2013 
Slovakia 
Services 
100% 
10.  
AUPARK Žilina spol. s.r.o. 
Dec 2003/Aug 2013 
Slovakia 
Property-
owning 
100% 
11.  
Aurora Mall Buzau SRL 
Oct 2012 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
12.  
Białystok Property Sp.z o.o. 
Apr 2017/Jul 2017 
Poland 
Property-
owning 
100% 
13.  
Bonarka City Center Sp.z o.o.  
May 2014/Jul 2017 
Poland 
Property-
owning 
100% 
14.  
Braila Promenada Mall SRL  
Sep 2009 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
15.  
Brasov Shopping City SRL  
Jun 2011 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
16.  
Bulfeld EOOD 
Apr 2007/Dec 2017 
Bulgaria 
Property-
owning 
100% 
17.  
CEE Property Bulgaria EOOD 
Jul 2008/Aug 2017 
Bulgaria 
Property-
owning 
100% 
18.  
CHP1 Sp. Z o.o. 
Oct 2020/May 2021 
Poland 
Services 
100% 
19.  
City Park Constanta SRL 
Feb 2005/Nov 2013 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
20.  
Constanta Shopping City SRL 
Mar 2013 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
21.  
Deva Shopping City SRL 
Jul 2005/Aug 2013 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
22.  
ECP Security Holdings Limited 
Dec 2014 
Isle of Man 
Holding 
100% 
23.  
Energit sp.z.o.o.  
Dec 2007/Jul 2017 
Poland 
Services 
100% 
24.  
E-Power Supply d.o.o. Beograd  
Jul 2017 
Serbia 
Services 
100% 
25.  
E-power supply EOOD 
Nov 2017 
Bulgaria 
Services 
100% 
26.  
E-power supply management d.o.o. 
Sep 2017 
Croatia 
Services 
100% 
27.  
E-Power Supply s.r.o. 
Nov 2015 
Slovakia 
Services 
100% 
28.  
Expo Real Estate Project SRL 
May 2019 
Romania 
Services 
100% 
29.  
Festival Shopping Center SRL 
Jun 2008/Feb 2018 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
30.  
Floreasca Center SRL 
Apr 2011/Nov 2014 
Romania 
Holding 
100%

--- Page 117 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
No. 
Subsidiary 
Incorporation/date 
became subsidiary 
Country of incorporation 
Principal 
activity 
Effective 
interest  
31.  
FORUM Usti s.r.o. 
Jan 2005/Feb 2016 
Czech Republic 
Property-
owning 
100% 
32.  
Galati Shopping City SRL  
Jun 2012 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
33.  
General Building Management 
SRL 
Aug 2004/Jan 2008 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
34.  
General Investment SRL  
Mar 2003/Jan 2008 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
35.  
Gontar Sp.z o.o.  
Mar 2013/Jul 2017 
Poland 
Property-
owning 
100% 
36.  
HANSA Imobillien EOOD 
Oct 2008/Aug 2017 
Bulgaria 
Property-
owning 
100% 
37.  
Forum Gdańsk Property Sp. Z o.o. 
May 2012/Dec 2022 
Poland 
Property-
owning 
100% 
38.  
INLOGIS VI s.r.o. 
Jun 2011/Dec 2014 
Slovakia 
Property-
owning 
100% 
39.  
Iris Titan Shopping Center SRL 
Apr 2005/Jul 2015 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
40.  
Karolinka Property Sp.z o.o.  
Jul 2014/Jul 2017 
Poland 
Property-
owning 
100% 
41.  
Liberec Property s.r.o.  
Jan 2007/Jul 2017 
Czech Republic 
Property-
owning 
100% 
42.  
Mammut Zrt 
Aug 2011/Sep 2018 
Hungary 
Property-
owning 
100% 
43.  
Mammut Management Kft 
Aug 2017/Sep 2018 
Hungary 
Services 
100% 
44.  
Mammut Real Estate Kft 
Feb 2019 
Hungary 
Property-
owning 
100% 
45.  
Marapi Sp.z o.o.  
Apr 2017/Jul 2017 
Poland 
Property-
owning 
100% 
46.  
Marketing Advisers SRL 
Apr 2014 
Romania 
Services 
100% 
47.  
Mega Mall Bucuresti SRL 
Feb 2007/Aug 2013 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
48.  
Milvus sp.zo.o  
Aug 2008/May 2018 
Poland 
Property-
owning 
100% 
49.  
Mlyny a.s. 
Mar 2006/Aug 2018 
Slovakia 
Property-
owning 
100% 
50.  
Monarda Sp.z o.o. 
Jul 2015/Jul 2017 
Poland 
Property-
owning 
90% 
51.  
NE Property B.V.  
Oct 2007 
Netherlands 
Holding 
100% 
52.  
NEPI Bucharest One SRL 
Sep 2007 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
53.  
NEPI Bucharest Two SRL 
Dec 2007 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
54.  
NEPI Croatia Management d.o.o. 
Jan 2017 
Croatia 
Services 
100% 
55.  
NEPI Czech Management s.r.o. 
Sep 2016 
Czech Republic 
Services 
100% 
56.  
Nepi Four Real Estate Solutions 
SRL 
Mar 2013 
Romania 
Holding 
100% 
57.  
NEPI Investment Management 
SRL 
Jun 2010 
Romania 
Services 
100% 
58.  
NEPI Project Four EOOD 
Nov 2017 
Bulgaria 
Property-
owning 
100% 
59.  
NEPI Project One EOOD 
Mar 2017 
Bulgaria 
Property-
owning 
100% 
60.  
NEPI Project Three EOOD 
Nov 2017 
Bulgaria 
Services 
100% 
61.  
NEPI Project Two EOOD 
May 2017 
Bulgaria 
Holding 
100% 
62.  
NEPI Real Estate Development 
d.o.o. 
Nov 2014 
Serbia 
Services 
100% 
63.  
NEPI Real Estate Project One 
d.o.o.  
Jan 2016 
Serbia 
Property-
owning 
100% 
64.  
NEPI Rockcastle Hungary Kft. 
Oct 2017 
Hungary 
Services 
100% 
65.  
NEPI Rockcastle Lithuania UAB 
Oct 2018 
Lithuania 
Services 
100% 
66.  
Nepi Seventeen Land Development 
SRL 
Jul 2014 
Romania 
Services 
100% 
67.  
NEPI Six Development SRL 
May 2012 
Romania 
Services 
100% 
68.  
Nepi Sixteen Real Estate 
Investment SRL 
Jul 2014 
Romania 
Holding 
100% 
69.  
Nepi Slovak Centres One a.s. 
Jul 2014 
Slovakia 
Services 
100% 
70.  
NEPI Slovakia Management s.r.o. 
Jun 2013/Aug 2013 
Slovakia 
Services 
100% 
71.  
NEPI Ten Development Solutions 
SRL 
Jun 2012 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
72.  
Nepi Twenty Real Estate 
Development SRL 
Jul 2018 
Romania 
Services 
100%

--- Page 118 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
No. 
Subsidiary 
Incorporation/date 
became subsidiary 
Country of incorporation 
Principal 
activity 
Effective 
interest  
73.  
Nepi Twenty-One Investment 
Estate SRL 
Jul 2018 
Romania 
Services 
100% 
74.  
Nepi Twenty-Three Investment 
Solutions SRL 
May 2019 
Romania 
Services 
100% 
75.  
NEPIOM Limited 
Sep 2012 (Isle of 
Man)/ 30 June 2021 
(Malta) 
Malta 
Holding 
100% 
76.  
New Energy Management SRL 
Jan 2014 
Romania 
Services 
100% 
77.  
Nobilia Sp. z o.o.  
May 2017/Jul 2017 
Poland 
Services 
100% 
78.  
NRE Sibiu Shopping City SRL 
Jan 2007/Mar 2016 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
79.  
Olsztyn Property Sp.z o.o. 
Feb 2011/Jul 2017 
Poland 
Property-
owning 
100% 
80.  
Otopeni Warehouse and Logistics 
SRL  
Sep 2010 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
81.  
Piotrków Property Sp.z o.o.  
Feb 2011/Jul 2017 
Poland 
Property-
owning 
100% 
82.  
Platan Property Sp.z o.o.  
Jul 2015/Jul 2017 
Poland 
Property-
owning 
100% 
83.  
Ploiesti Shopping City SRL 
(acquisition of the remaining 
50% stake in joint venture in 
2022) 
Dec 2010/Feb 2012 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
84.  
Pogoria Property sp.z.o.o. 
Jun 2014/Jul 2017 
Poland 
Property-
owning 
100% 
85.  
Promenada Mall Bucuresti SRL  
Oct 2005/Oct 2014 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
86.  
Ramnicu Valcea Shopping City 
SRL 
Aug 2014 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
87.  
Real Estate Asset Management 
SRL 
Jul 2014 
Romania 
Services 
100% 
88.  
Retail Park Pitesti SRL 
Jan 2010 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
89.  
Rockcastle Europe Limited 
May 2014/July 2017 
Mauritius 
Holding 
100% 
90.  
Rockcastle Global Real Estate 
Holdings B.V. 
Oct2013/Jul 2017 
Netherlands 
Holding 
100% 
91.  
Rockcastle Poland Sp.z o.o.  
Jul 2015/Jul 2017 
Poland 
Services 
100% 
92.  
Satu Mare Shopping City SRL  
Jan 2014 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
93.  
SCP s.r.o. 
Apr 2006/Jul 2016 
Slovakia 
Property-
owning 
100% 
94.  
Serenada Property sp. z o.o.  
Apr 2017/Jul 2017 
Poland 
Property-
owning 
100% 
95.  
Severin Shopping Center SRL  
Oct 2012 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
96.  
Shopping City Piatra Neamt SRL 
Jan 2014 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
97.  
Sibiu Shopping City 2 SRL 
Aug 2008/Mar 2016 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
98.  
Shopping City Timisoara SRL  
Jun 2012 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
99.  
Sofia Commercial Centre EOOD 
Dec 2013 
Bulgaria 
Services 
100% 
100. 
Symmetry Arena Kft 
Aug 2017 
Hungary 
Property-
owning 
100% 
101. 
Targu Jiu Development SRL  
Oct 2012 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
102. 
Targu Mures Shopping City SRL 
Feb 2016 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
103. 
Tummam Kft 
Dec 2016/Sep 2018 
Hungary 
Property-
owning 
100% 
104. 
Uždaroji akcinė bendrovė Ozantis 
Oct 2003/May 2018 
Lithuania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
105. 
Vulcan Residential Park SRL  
Feb 2016 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
106. 
Vulcan Value Centre SRL 
Apr 2012/Sep 2013 
Romania 
Property-
owning 
100% 
107. 
Zielona Góra Property Sp.z o.o. 
Dec 2011/Jul 2017 
Poland 
Property-
owning 
100% 
 
108. 
NEPI Rockcastle N.V. 
Dec 2016 
Netherlands 
Holding 
100%

--- Page 119 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
Redomiciliation of the Guarantor 
On 10 May 2022, the Guarantor's shareholders voted in favour of redomiciling the Guarantor from the Isle of Man 
to the Netherlands, via Luxembourg. Both moves received over 99% approval from voting shareholders. On 6 
September 2022, the Company successfully completed its redomicilation to the Netherlands, under the name NEPI 
Rockcastle N.V. This marks the completion of a significant corporate milestone for the Group and its shareholders. 
Under the Board’s oversight, the Guarantor has fully aligned its corporate governance framework to the Dutch 
Corporate Governance Code.  
Settlement of legal dispute  
In November 2022, the Guarantor concluded a settlement of its dispute relating to the discontinued acquisition of 
Serenada and Krokus Shopping Centres. Pursuant to the settlement, the Company paid €16 million in exchange 
for the waiver of any and all other claims. As a provision of €37,304 thousand had previously been recorded in 
connection with this dispute and deducted from financial year (FY) 2021 distributable earnings, the settlement 
had a positive impact on FY 2022 distributable earnings of €21,304 thousand, representing the difference between 
the provision and the settlement amount.

--- Page 120 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
DIRECTORS OF THE GUARANTOR AND GROUP EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT 
Corporate governance 
The Group is fully compliant with the King IV Report on Corporate Governance in South Africa as required for 
companies listed on the main board of the JSE and the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. Moreover, the Group 
has voluntarily aligned with relevant material guidelines in UK governance codes, under the close guidance of the 
Audit Committee. 
The Guarantor has a balanced Board structure, with seven independent non-executive Directors, one non-
independent non-executive directors, and three executive directors, and Board committees comprising an 
investment committee ("Investment Committee"), audit committee, risk and compliance committee, 
remuneration committee, nomination committee, a sustainability committee. The Board provides oversight and 
acts as a final decision-making body in certain areas. 
The Guarantor applies best practices in terms of a code of ethics and compliance and has regular, consistent and 
transparent communication with shareholders and debt holders. The Group's strategic plan is developed in detail. 
The Group maintains a conservative business and financial risk approach in terms of its capital structure, liquidity 
and investment policies. The Group uses derivative instruments conservatively and maintains a track record of 
covenant compliance as well as compliance with the requirements of each stock exchange on which the Guarantor 
is listed. 
Board of Directors 
The Guarantor's Board of Directors (the "Board") comprises eleven directors of whom three are executive and 
eight are non-executive (one of them being qualified as non-independent) ("Directors"). 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board consists of the following Directors: 
Name 
Function 
Position held since 
Rüdiger Dany*......................................... 
Chief Executive Officer 
1 February 2022 
Eliza Predoiu** ....................................... 
Chief Financial Officer 
1 February 2022 
Marek Pawel Noetzel*** ......................... 
Chief Operations Officer 
1 June 2022 
 
 
 
Antoine Dijkstra ...................................... 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
15 May 2017 
André van der Veer.................................. 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
15 May 2017 
George Aase ............................................ 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
(Chairman) 
28 August 2018/18 August 2021 
(Chairman) 
Andreas Klingen ...................................... 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
17 April 2019 
Ana Maria Mihaescu ............................... 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
18 August 2021 
Jonathan Lurie ......................................... 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
18 August 2021 
Steven Brown .......................................... 
Non-Independent Non-Executive Director 
28 April 2020 
Andries de Lange**** ............................. 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
27 May 2020 
 
 
 
* Mr. Dany was initially appointed as Chief Operating Officer on 18 August 2021, interim Chief Executive Officer on 1 February 2022 and confirmed as permanent 
CEO on 1 June 2022 
** Ms. Predoiu was appointed interim Chief Finance Officer on 1 February 2022 and confirmed as permanent CFO on 1 June 2022 
*** Mr. Noetzel was appointed Executive Director on 15 May 2017 and COO on 1 June 2022 
**** Mr. De Lange was initially appointed as non-Independent non-Executive Director and then re-appointed by the shareholders as an Independent Non-
Executive Director upon Company migration to the Netherlands in 2022. 
The positions of Independent Non-Executive Chairman and that of Chief Executive Officer are separate, with the 
Independent Non-Executive Chairman being an independent non-executive director. The Independent Non-
Executive Chairman oversees the Board's functioning and the Chief Executive Officer leads the executive team 
and attends to the day-to-day functions of the business.  
The following are short profiles of the members of the Board: 
Executive Directors 
Rüdiger Dany has extensive professional experience in international environments across Europe for some of the 
largest international retail and real estate companies including ECE, Atrium and Multi Corporation. During his 
tenure with Multi Corporation (affiliated with Blackstone), Mr Dany played an important role in optimising and 
expanding their property management portfolio for institutional investors. As a Board Member and COO of Multi, 
his major achievement was the value enhancement of Blackstone’s property portfolio and the successful opening 
of new shopping centres, developments and extensions of existing shopping centres. Mr Dany has also driven the

--- Page 121 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
creation of an innovation group within Multi to elaborate business opportunities by using modern PropTech tools, 
both B2B and B2C. Mr Rüdiger Dany was appointed as an Executive Director and Chief Operating Officer on 18 
August 2021, and as Interim Chief Executive Officer on 1 February 2022. He was confirmed as CEO on a 
permanent basis on 1 June 2022. 
Eliza Predoiu has diverse finance and real estate expertise, including eight years in the Company. She has proven 
expertise in multi-million funding projects, complex business transactions and integration processes of mergers, 
systems and controls. Prior to joining NEPI, she was Deputy Manager at PricewaterhouseCoopers, where she 
spent six years handling local and crossborder audit assignments and advisory projects in the Romanian and 
Cypriot offices. Mrs Predoiu joined the Company in 2014 and was promoted as Deputy Chief Financial Officer 
in 2018. She was appointed as Interim Chief Financial Officer on 1 February 2022 and from 1 June 2022 she was 
confirmed in her role on a permanent basis. 
Marek Pawel Noetzel has been active on the Polish retail real estate market since 2002, gaining his professional 
experience at Cushman & Wakefield. As Head of the Retail department, he was responsible for commercialisation, 
development, asset management, investment and financial consultancy services, working for multiple 
international and national clients. Mr Noetzel joined Rockcastle in 2016 and played an important role in 
establishing the office in Poland and expanding operations abroad. He was appointed as an Executive Director of 
the Guarantor on 15 May 2017, in this current role he has been responsible for the asset management of 
Company’s properties in Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, Czech Republic and Lithuania. He was appointed as Chief 
Operating Officer effective from 1 June 2022. 
Non-Executive Directors 
Antoine Dijkstra started his career at Credit Agricole in Rotterdam, Paris and Frankfurt. Mr. Dijkstra has extensive 
experience in banking and investment management, with a focus on public sector related entities and financial 
institutions. He held various board and managing roles within AIG, NIBC (Netherlands), Harcourt Investment 
Management (Zurich), JPMorgan/Bear Stearns (UK) and Gulf International Bank (Bahrain). Currently he is senior 
advisor to several companies, member of the board of trustees of SMU University and member of the executive 
committee of Cox School of business in Texas, USA. Mr. Dijkstra was appointed as independent non-Executive 
Director of NEPI in 2016 and independent non-Executive Director of the Guarantor on 15 May 2017. Mr Dijkstra 
was re-appointed by the shareholders as an Independent non-Executive Director upon the Guarantor’s migration 
to the Netherlands in 2022. 
André van der Veer joined Merchant Bank, after completing a Masters degree in Banking and Economics during 
1991, and later Rand Merchant Bank where he founded the agricultural commodities and derivatives trading group 
in 1995. He headed the trading, derivatives structuring and proprietary trading teams and in 2003 joined the RMB 
Equity Global Markets team. He became Head of RMB Equity Proprietary Trading desk in 2009, with a mandate 
to invest in debt and equity instruments globally. Mr. van der Veer founded Foxhole Capital during 2012 as a 
family office specialising in global real estate securities in listed and private equity markets. He was a non-
Executive Director of Rockcastle from 2014 to 2017, and also the Chair of Rockcastle's Investment Committee. 
Mr. van der Veer was appointed as independent non-Executive Director of the Guarantor on 15 May 2017. Mr 
van der Veer was re-appointed by the shareholders as an Independent non-Executive Director upon the 
Guarantor’s migration to the Netherlands in 2022. 
George Aase is an experienced CFO and non-executive in publicly traded real estate firms, technology companies 
and Fortune 100 U.S. multinational industrial firms. He has extensive experience in leadership roles. Mr Aase's 
core specialties include corporate finance, capital markets, IPO transactions, debt financing, international financial 
operations, international finance and controlling, and investor relations, with over 12 years' experience in the real 
estate sector. He led the process of three major initial public offerings in London, Zurich and Frankfurt. Mr. Aase 
also possesses extensive financing and debt restructuring experience and has managed various portfolios 
connected with major acquisitions and underwriting. He has a strong background and real estate network in 
Central Eastern Europe countries, including Czech Republic, Poland, Romania and Slovakia. Mr. Aase has been 
an independent non-Executive Director of the Guarantor since 2018 and has served as Chairman of the Audit 
Committee and member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committees. Mr. Aase was appointed as Chairman 
of the Board of the Guarantor on 18 August 2021. Mr Aase was re-appointed by the shareholders as an 
Independent non-Executive Director upon the Guarantor’s migration to the Netherlands in 2022. 
Andreas Klingen has more than 25 years of experience in the financial services sector, most of which in Banking 
in Central Eastern Europe and CIS. He held various senior positions within Investment Banking at Lazard, 
Frankfurt and JPMorgan, London. Thereafter, he became Head of Group Development of Erste Group, Vienna

--- Page 122 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
and Deputy CEO of Erste Bank, Kiev. He has been working as an independent adviser since 2013. Since 2005 
Mr. Klingen served as a Supervisory Board member or a non-Executive Director in 14 institutions in 11 different 
countries in Central Eastern Europe and the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS). He was appointed as an 
Independent non-Executive Director of the Guarantor on 17 April 2019 and as Lead Independent Director 
effective 28 September 2020. Mr Klingen was re-appointed by the shareholders as an Independent non-Executive 
Director upon the Guarantor’s migration to the Netherlands in 2022.  
Ana Maria Mihaescu has 30 years of banking and finance experience. Ms Mihaescu worked for the IFC for 20 
years, most recently as IFC's Regional Manager for Central and Eastern Europe. In this role, she was responsible 
for the origination of new business and supervising a portfolio of over $2 billion, with large exposures in Poland, 
Romania, Bulgaria and Hungary. She also represented the IFC on the boards of investee companies, banks, leasing 
companies and private equity funds. Prior to this role, Ms. Mihaescu was the first Country Manager for IFC in 
Romania. Ms. Ana Maria Mihaescu is an alumnus of the Bucharest Academy of Economic Studies and received 
a certificate for the International Directors Program from INSEAD. She was appointed as an independent non-
Executive Director of the Guarantor on 18 August 2021. Ms Mihaescu was re-appointed by the shareholders as 
an independent non-Executive Director upon the Guarantor’s migration to the Netherlands in 2022. 
Jonathan Lurie has 20 years of real estate investment experience at leading firms across all major European 
geographies and asset classes. Mr. Lurie is the Managing Partner of Realty Corporation Ltd, a real estate and 
PropTech investment and advisory firm, and a senior adviser to McKinsey & Co, where he provides strategic 
advice on real estate transactions, financing, capital allocation, management, and operations to leading 
institutional investors and developers globally. Mr. Lurie previously held various senior executive positions at 
Blackstone and was Executive Director and Head of Real Estate Investment Management – Europe for Goldman 
Sachs. In both roles, his responsibilities included investment in and development of the retail sector in CEE. Since 
2000, Mr. Lurie has coordinated and participated in numerous landmark multibillion transactions across various 
jurisdictions. He was appointed as an independent non-Executive Director of the Guarantor on 18 August 2021. 
Mr Lurie was re-appointed by the shareholders as an independent non-Executive Director upon the Guarantor’s 
migration to the Netherlands in 2022. 
Steven Brown has a background within the property industry, commencing as a listed property analyst in 2008 for 
Corovest. Following this, he joined Standard Bank's Global Markets division in the equity derivatives finance 
team and thereafter joined the South African real estate division focusing on structured lending and equity 
transactions. Since 2013, Mr Brown has been involved with a number of listed real estate companies focusing on 
deal origination and structuring. Mr Brown currently acts as Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of 
Fortress REIT Limited, a company that he joined in December 2015, following the acquisition by Fortress REIT 
Limited of Capital Property Fund. He was appointed as non-independent non-Executive Director of the Guarantor 
on 28 April 2020. Mr Brown was re-appointed by the shareholders as a non-independent non-Executive Director 
upon the Guarantor’s migration to the Netherlands in 2022. 
Andries de Lange qualified as a chartered accountant before joining the Industrial Development Corporation of 
South Africa Limited and subsequently Nedbank Limited. There, he gained experience in debt finance, debt and 
equity restructurings, and private equity. Mr. de Lange later joined Resilient REIT Limited, a property-focused 
company based in South Africa that listed on the JSE in 2004. He held various positions at Resilient REIT, 
including Financial Director between 2006 and 2011, and Chief Operating Officer from 2011 until 2020. In May 
2020, he was appointed as a non-independent non-Executive Director of the Guarantor. Following the Guarantor’s 
migration to the Netherlands in 2022, Mr. de Lange was re-appointed by the shareholders as an independent non-
Executive Director.  
The business addresses of the Directors are as follows: 
Name 
Address 
Rudiger Dany ...................................  
Floreasca Business Park, Building A, 5th Floor, 169A Calea Floreasca, Bucharest 1, 014459, 
Romania 
Eliza Predoiu ....................................  
Floreasca Business Park, Building A, 5th Floor, 169A Calea Floreasca, Bucharest 1, 014459, 
Romania 
Marek Pawel Noetzel .......................  
1st Floor Cosmopolitan Building, 4 Twarda Street, 00-105, Warsaw, Poland 
Antoine Dijkstra ...............................  
Parkzicht, Vossiusstraat 59, 1071AK Amsterdam, The Netherlands 
Andre van der Veer ..........................  
20 Summit Place, Fifth Road, Halfway Gardens, Midrand 1685, South Africa 
George Aase .....................................  
Rohnenrainweg 14, 8835 Feusisberg, Switzerland 
Andreas Klingen ...............................  
Marburger Straße 5, 10789 Berlin, Germany 
Ana Maria Mihaescu ........................  
Floreasca Business Park, Building A, 5th Floor, 169A Calea Floreasca, Bucharest 1, 014459, 
Romania

--- Page 123 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
Name 
Address 
Jonathan Lurie ..................................  
One Heddon St, London W1B 4BD, United Kingdom 
Steven Brown ...................................  
Block C, Cullinan Place, 35 Cullinan Close, Morningside, Sandton, 2196, South Africa 
Andries de Lange ..............................  
8 Oxford Street, Midstream Estate, 1692, South Africa 
 
 
 
Potential Conflicts of Interests  
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties owed by the Directors to the Guarantor and their 
private interests or other duties.

--- Page 124 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
The Guarantor's share capital authorised for issue is 2,600,000,000 ordinary shares. The shares are governed by 
the laws of the Netherlands. 
The following table sets forth the ownership of the Guarantor's shares as at 23 May 2023: a total number of 
635,830,268 ordinary shares were in issue, of which 282,514,998 ordinary shares (44.43 per cent. of the issued 
ordinary shares) are held by the three largest shareholders, and of which 1,260,443 ordinary shares (0.2 per cent. 
of the issued ordinary shares) are held by the Directors. 
Major shareholders 
Ordinary 
shares owned 
23 May 2023 
(number of 
shares) 
Share of total 
number of 
ordinary 
shares in issue 
(percentage) 
Fortress Real Estate Investments Limited ....................................................................................  
152,086,271 
23.92 
Public Investment Corporation ....................................................................................................  
83,673,500 
13.16 
State Street Bank and Trust Company (custodian) ......................................................................  
46,755,227 
7.35 
Directors  .....................................................................................................................................  
1,260,443 
0.20 
More than 10,000 public shareholders .........................................................................................  
352,054,827 
55.37 
Total ...........................................................................................................................................  
635,830,268 
100.0 
 
Fortress Real Estate Investments Limited is a property fund established in 2009 and listed on the JSE that invests 
directly and indirectly in property, with earnings derived from rentals and the distributions from its portfolio of 
listed property securities. The direct property portfolio is split between logistics and retail centres. 
Established in 1911, the Public Investment Corporation SOC Limited ("PIC") is one of the largest asset managers 
in Africa. According to its annual report for 2022, PIC manages assets of over EUR 149 billion as of 31 March 
2022. PIC's ultimate holding company is the National Government of the Republic of South Africa, with the 
Minister of Finance as shareholder representative. (Source: Public Investment Corporation SOC Limited 
Integrated Annual Report 2022). 
All the Guarantor's shareholders hold equal voting rights for each held share. 
The Guarantor is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by a corporation. The Guarantor is not aware of 
any arrangement that may result in a change of control.

--- Page 125 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following summaries do not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations that could 
be relevant for Noteholders. These summaries are intended as general information only and each prospective 
Noteholders should consult a professional tax adviser with respect to the tax consequences of an investment in 
the Notes. These summaries are based on tax legislation and published case law in force as of the date of this 
document. They do not take into account any developments or amendments thereof after that date, whether or not 
such developments or amendments have retroactive effect. 
Taxation in the Netherlands 
The following summary of certain Dutch taxation matters is based on the laws and practice in force as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application thereof, which 
changes could have retroactive effect. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description 
of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or dispose of Notes, and does not 
purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which may be subject 
to special rules. 
For the purpose of the paragraph "Taxes on Income and Capital Gains" below it is assumed that a holder of Notes, 
being an individual or a non-resident entity, does not have a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang), or – in the 
case of such holder being an entity – a deemed substantial interest, in the Issuer and/or the Guarantor, and that no 
connected person (verbonden persoon) to the holder has or will have a substantial interest in the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor. 
Generally speaking, an individual has a substantial interest in a company if (a) such individual, either alone or 
together with his partner, directly or indirectly has, or is deemed to have or (b) certain relatives of such individual 
or his partner directly or indirectly have or are deemed to have (i) the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership 
of, or certain rights over, shares representing 5% or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of such 
company or the issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares of such company, or (ii) the ownership of, or 
certain rights over, profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5% or more of either the annual 
profit or the liquidation proceeds of such company. 
Generally speaking, a non-resident entity has a substantial interest in a company if such entity, directly or 
indirectly has (i) the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares representing 
5% or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of such company or the issued and outstanding capital 
of any class of shares of such company, or (ii) the ownership of, or certain rights over, profit participating 
certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5% or more of either the annual profit or the liquidation proceeds of such 
company. Generally, an entity has a deemed substantial interest in a company if such entity has disposed of or is 
deemed to have disposed of all or part of a substantial interest on a non-recognition basis. 
For the purpose of this summary, the term "entity" means a corporation as well as any other person that is taxable 
as a corporation for Dutch corporate tax purposes or would be taxable as a corporation for Dutch corporate tax 
purposes in case such corporation or other person would be or would be deemed to be tax resident in the 
Netherlands for Dutch corporate tax purposes. 
Where this summary refers to a holder of Notes, an individual holding Notes or an entity holding Notes, such 
reference is restricted to an individual or entity holding legal title to as well as an economic interest in such Notes 
or otherwise being regarded as owning Notes for Dutch tax purposes. It is noted that for purposes of Dutch income, 
corporate, gift and inheritance tax, assets legally owned by a third party such as a trustee, foundation or similar 
entity, may be treated as assets owned by the (deemed) settlor, grantor or similar originator or the beneficiaries in 
proportion to their interest in such arrangement. 
Where the summary refers to "the Netherlands" or "Dutch" it refers only to the European part of the Kingdom of 
the Netherlands. 
Where this summary refers to Notes, such reference includes Coupons.

--- Page 126 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
Investors should consult their professional advisers on the tax consequences of their acquiring, holding and 
disposing of Notes. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal and interest by the Issuer under the Notes and all guarantee payments by the Guarantor 
under the Guarantee of the Notes and the Coupons can be made without withholding or deduction of any taxes of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof or therein, save that Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) payments of interest 
made to an affiliated (gelieerde) entity of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor if such entity (i) is considered to be 
resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in the annually updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states 
and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve 
rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction to 
which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest payable for the main purpose or one of the main 
purposes to avoid taxation for another person, or (iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the interest in its 
jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats another (lower tier) entity as the recipient of the interest 
(a hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not resident anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), or (vi) is a reverse hybrid whereby 
the jurisdiction of residence of a participant that has a qualifying interest (kwalificerend belang) in the reverse 
hybrid treats the reverse hybrid as tax transparent and that participant would have been taxable based on one (or 
more) of the items in (i)-(v) above had the interest been due to the participant directly, all within the meaning of 
the Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
Resident Entities 
An entity holding Notes which is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for corporate tax purposes and 
which is not tax exempt, will generally be subject to Dutch corporate tax in respect of income or a capital gain 
derived from the Notes at the prevailing statutory rates (up to 25.8% in 2023). 
Resident Individuals 
An individual holding Notes who is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for Dutch income tax purposes 
will be subject to Dutch income tax in respect of income or a capital gain derived from the Notes at the prevailing 
statutory rates (up to 49.5% in 2023) if: 
(a) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise from which the holder derives profits (other than 
as a shareholder); or 
(b) 
the income or capital gain qualifies as income from miscellaneous activities (belastbaar resultaat uit 
overige werkzaamheden) as defined in the Income Tax Act (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), including, 
without limitation, activities that exceed normal, active asset management (normaal, actief 
vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (a) nor (b) applies, the individual will generally be subject to Dutch income tax on the basis 
of a deemed return, regardless of any actual income or capital gain derived from the Notes. For the fiscal year 
2023, separate deemed return percentages for savings, debts and investments apply, 6.17% for the category 
"investments" (including the Notes), as at the beginning of the relevant fiscal year. The applicable percentages 
will be updated annually on the basis of historic market yields. Subject to certain anti-abuse provisions, the product 
of an amount equal to (a) the total deemed return divided by the sum of savings, debts and investments and (b) 
the sum of savings, debts and investments minus a tax-free allowance, forms the individual's taxable income from 
savings and investments (including the Notes) for 2023 and will be taxed at the prevailing statutory rate (32% in 
2023). 
Non-residents 
A holder of Notes which is not and is not deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for Dutch tax purposes will 
not be subject to Dutch taxation on income or a capital gain derived from the Notes unless: 
(a) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is either effectively 
managed in the Netherlands or carried on through a permanent establishment (vaste inrichting) or a

--- Page 127 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
permanent representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) taxable in the Netherlands and the holder derives 
profits from such enterprise (other than by way of the holding of securities); or 
(b) 
the holder is an individual and the income or capital gain qualifies as income from miscellaneous activities 
(belastbaar resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) in the Netherlands as defined in the Income Tax Act 
2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), including, without limitation, activities that exceed normal, active 
asset management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
Gift and Inheritance Taxes 
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of Notes by way of gift by, or on 
the death of, a holder of Notes, unless: 
(a) 
such holder is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant provisions; 
or 
(b) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the time of 
the gift or death, is, or is deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions. 
Value Added Tax 
There is no Dutch value added tax payable by a holder of Notes in respect of payments in consideration for the 
acquisition of the Notes, payments of principal or interest under the Notes, or payments in consideration for a 
disposal of the Notes. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
There is no Dutch registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar Dutch tax or duty payable in the Netherlands 
by a holder of Notes in respect of, or in connection with, the execution, delivery and/or enforcement by legal 
proceedings (including any foreign judgment in the courts of the Netherlands) of the Notes. 
Residence 
A holder of Notes will not be and will not be deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for Dutch tax purposes 
and, subject to the exceptions set out above, will not otherwise become subject to Dutch taxation, by reason only 
of the acquiring, holding or disposing of Notes, or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of 
Notes. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (the "FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (each, other than Estonia, a "participating Member State"). However, Estonia has since 
ceased to participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in certain 
financial instruments (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the Commission's Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in certain financial 
instruments where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State 
in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member 
State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may therefore 
be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may 
decide to participate.

--- Page 128 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
Prospective holders of such financial instruments are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to 
the FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a "foreign 
financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") 
to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial 
institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the Netherlands) have entered into, or have 
agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), 
which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently 
in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and 
IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register. Investors should 
consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event 
any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, neither 
the Issuer nor the Guarantor will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 129 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated on or 
around the date of this Base Prospectus (the "Dealer Agreement") between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent 
Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not 
Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time 
of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, 
acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches 
that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by 
it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for expenses incurred in connection with the update of the 
Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. The commissions in 
respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
The Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their obligations under the 
Dealer Agreement prior to the closing of an issue of Notes, including in the event that certain conditions precedent 
are not delivered or met to their satisfaction on the date of issue of such Notes. In this situation, the issuance of 
the Notes may not be completed. Investors will have no rights against the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers or the 
Arranger in respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
to agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not and will not offer, sell or, in the case of 
Bearer Notes, deliver the Notes and the Guarantee (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 
40 days after completion of the distribution of any identifiable tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation 
S. An offer, sale or delivery of Notes or the Guarantee within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) prior to 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche 
of Notes and the Guarantee may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  
Each Dealer has severally represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to agree, with the Issuer and the Guarantor that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or 
their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to the Notes in the United 
States, and that they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. 
Each Dealer severally has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree, with the Issuer and the Guarantor that, at or prior to confirmation of sale of Notes, it will have sent to each 
distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes from 
it during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect: 
"The Notes and Guarantee covered hereby have not been registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold within the United States

--- Page 130 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) 
otherwise until 40 days after the later of (A) the commencement of the offering of such Tranche of Notes 
as determined by the relevant Dealer and (B) the closing date of the sale of such Tranche of Notes, except 
in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used above have the 
meaning given to them by Regulation S. 
An issuance of Exempt Notes may also be subject to such additional United States selling restrictions as the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer may agree as a term of the issuance and purchase of such Notes, which additional selling 
restrictions shall be set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement (as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this 
provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of EU Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID 
II.  
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement (as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes 
of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and:  
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses,

--- Page 131 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by 
the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion:  it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; 
and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it 
has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
The Netherlands 
Zero Coupon Notes in definitive bearer form and other Notes in definitive bearer form on which interest does not 
become due and payable during their term but only at maturity (savings certificates or spaarbewijzen as defined 
in The Netherlands Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen, the "SCA")) may only be transferred and 
accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into The Netherlands through the mediation of either the Issuer or 
a member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. with due observance of the provisions of the SCA and its implementing 
regulations (which include registration requirements). No such mediation is required, however, in respect of (i) 
the initial issue of such Notes to the first holders thereof, (ii) the transfer and acceptance by individuals who do 
not act in the conduct of a profession or business and (iii) the issue and trading of such Notes if they are physically 
issued outside The Netherlands and are not immediately thereafter distributed in The Netherlands. 
As used herein "Zero Coupon Notes" are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a fixed sum 
against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on which no interest is due 
whatsoever. 
Republic of Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Notes be distributed 
in Italy, except, in accordance with any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes or 
distribute any copy of this or any other document relating to the Notes in Italy except:  
a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), pursuant to Article 2 of the EU Prospectus Regulation; or  
b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the 
"Financial Services Act") and/or Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation 11971/99, all as amended from 
time to time. 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must be:  
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998,

--- Page 132 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993 (in each case as amended from time to time) and any other applicable laws and 
regulations;  
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, 
pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities 
in the Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 
25 August 2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016 and 2 November 2020); and 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB or any other Italian authority. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers following 
a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the Final Terms issued 
in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering 
of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any 
Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it shall, to the best of its knowledge in all material respects, comply with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in 
its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms, in all cases at its 
own expense.

--- Page 133 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of non-
applicable provisions, is set out below: 
Final Terms dated [] 
NE PROPERTY B.V.  
Guaranteed by  
NEPI Rockcastle N.V. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the € [] Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme   
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU 
MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "EU Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of EU MiFID II.  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
"EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU 
MiFID II")][EU MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.]  Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any [person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")]/[distributor] should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA

--- Page 134 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 6 July 2023 [and the supplement(s) to it dated []] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus 
Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the 
relevant information. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only available on 
the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been 
published on the website of the Group (https://nepirockcastle.com/) and the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com).] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date]  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated [15 November 2017]/[11 April 2019]/[6 July 2020]/[17 September 2021] which are incorporated 
by reference into the base prospectus dated 6 July 2023 (the "Conditions"). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus 
Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 6 July 2023 [and the supplement[s] 
to it dated [] [and []] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation (the "Base Prospectus") in order to obtain all the relevant information, save in respect of the 
Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [15 November 2017]/[11 April 2019]/[6 July 
2020]/[17 September 2021]. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Group 
(https://nepirockcastle.com/) and the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com).] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing 
the Final Terms.) 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
NE Property B.V. 
 
 
(ii)  
Guarantor: 
NEPI Rockcastle N.V. 
 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form 
a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the [insert description of the Series] on 
[insert date/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph [24] below [which is 
expected to occur on or about [insert date]]].] 
 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[] 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[]

--- Page 135 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[][] [EURIBOR/ SONIA/ SONIA Compounded 
Index/SOFR/SOFR Compounded Index/€STR]+/– 
[[] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(See paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below 
and identify there/Not Applicable] 
 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Make-whole call] 
[Call Option] 
[Put Option] 
[Change of Control] 
[Clean-Up Call Option]  
[(See paragraph [17/18/19/20/21] below)] 
 
13. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
and Guarantee obtained:] 
[] [and [], respectively] 
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes or related Guarantee) 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year 
 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 136 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount for a short 
or long Interest Period ("Broken 
Amount(s)") 
[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [] 
 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
 
(vi) 
[Determination Dates:] 
[[] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case 
of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))] 
 
 
(vii) 
[Step Up Rating Adjustment:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the following subparagraph) 
 
 
(viii) 
[Step Up Rate:] 
[[] per annum] 
 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[•] [,subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iii) below, not 
subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (iii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]] 
 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[] 
 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
 
(iv) 
Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Principal Paying Agent]/ [an institution other than the 
Principal Paying Agent] shall be the Calculation 
Agent

--- Page 137 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[][]  
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/SONIA 
Compounded Index/SOFR Compounded Index] 
 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days /Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag 
Period or Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Index Determination  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
SONIA Compounded Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
SOFR Compounded Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Decimal Place 
[] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, 
it should be the fifth decimal place) 
 
 
• 
Relevant Number of Index Days 
[] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, 
the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period]/ (select where Interest Determination Date 
has the meaning specified in Condition 6(b)(v), 
6(b)(vi) or 6(b)(vii)) [] [London Banking Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/TARGET 
Settlement Days] prior to each Interest Payment Date 
 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
(The Floating Rate Option should be selected from one 
of:  CHF-SARON / EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 
ISDA Definitions apply) EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 
ISDA Definitions apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-

--- Page 138 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
EuroSTR Compounded Index / GBP SONIA / GBP 
SONIA Compounded Index / HKD-HONIA / JPY-
TONA / USD-SOFR / USD-SOFR Compounded Index 
(each as defined in the ISDA Definitions). These are 
the options envisaged by the terms and conditions) 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
(Designated Maturity will not be relevant where the 
Floating Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in [(v)] above and as specified in 
the ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
-  
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
• 
Lookback: [] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [[] / Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
• 
Lockout: [] Lockout Period Business Days 
• 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[[]/Applicable Business Days]] 
 
 
• 
Averaging 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
- 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
• 
Lookback: [] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [[]/Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
• 
Lockout: [] Lockout Period Business Days 
• 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[[]/Applicable Business Days]]

--- Page 139 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
 
• 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
- 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [[] / Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ix) 
Linear interpolation 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period) 
 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less than 
zero] [The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less 
than [] per cent. per annum] [Not applicable] 
 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum] [Not applicable] 
 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/365 (Sterling)] / 
[Actual/360] / [30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]  
 
 
(xiv) 
[Determination Dates:] 
[[] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case 
of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))] 
 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(ii) 
[Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual – ISDA] / [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] / [Actual/365 (Sterling)] / [Actual/360] / 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] / [30E/360] 
[Eurobond 
Basis] 
/ 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
17. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 140 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[] days 
 
18. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period:  
[] days 
 
19. 
Change of Control  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Change 
of 
Control 
Optional 
Redemption Price: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(ii) 
Change of Control Put Period: 
[] 
 
 
(iii) 
Change of Control Put Date: 
[] 
 
20. 
Make-Whole Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Notice Period: 
[] days 
 
 
(ii) 
Reference Bond: 
[] 
 
 
(iii) 
Make-Whole Margin: 
[] 
 
 
(iv) 
Make-Whole Time: 
[] 
 
 
(v) 
Par Redemption Date: 
[] 
 
21. 
Clean-Up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Clean-Up Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[][Par] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 141 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation Amount payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons or on event of default or 
other early redemption: 
[]/[Par] per Calculation Amount 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [] days' notice] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
 
Registered Notes: 
[Global Certificate (US$/€[] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for [a common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
 
25. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
 
26. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end dates of 
interest periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub-paragraph 15(vi) 
relates] 
 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[No/Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are 
still to be made.] 
 
28. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date 
hereof, [[administrator legal name][appears]/[does 
not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (as amended, the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation")]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the 
date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within 
the scope of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as 
amended, the "EU Benchmarks Regulation")]/ [As 
far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended 
apply, such that [name of administrator] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation/registration 
(or, if located outside the European Union,

--- Page 142 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]/ [Not 
Applicable] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of NE Property B.V.: 
By: 
 
 
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of NEPI Rockcastle N.V.: 
By: 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 143 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the [regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin and listed on the official list of 
Euronext Dublin [and the Bucharest Stock Exchange] with 
effect from [].] [Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the [regulated market of Euronext Dublin and 
listed on the official list of Euronext Dublin] [and the 
Bucharest Stock Exchange] with effect from [].  
 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
 
(ii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading: 
[] 
 
2. RATINGS 
 
 
(i) 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
 
 
[S&P: []] 
 
 
 
[[Fitch: []] 
 
 
 
[[Other]: []] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
 
 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and 
registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the UK and

--- Page 144 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (UK).] 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the CRA Regulation but has applied for registration 
and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK or certified 
under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and has applied 
for registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation"), although notification of 
the corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the [relevant competent authority] /[European 
Securities and Markets Authority]. [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the 
European Securities and Markets Authority website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "CRA 
Regulation (UK)").] /[[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "CRA 
Regulation (UK)").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "CRA 
Regulation (UK)") and the rating it has given to the Notes 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the CRA Regulation (UK).] 
 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and not applied for 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established and registered in the UK 
or certified under the UK CRA Regulation

--- Page 145 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest update 
of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the European Securities and 
Markets Authority website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. 
[The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation 
(UK)").] /[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and 
the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation and details of whether rating is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established and 
registered in the EEA or certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest update 
of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on [FCA]. [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "UK 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation.]

--- Page 146 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK but 
relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is established 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR 
under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK 
but the rating it has given to the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme is endorsed by [[insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation")][and][[insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the 
"UK CRA Regulation")]. 
 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the CRA Regulation 
(EU) or the CRA Regulation (UK) but CRA is certified 
under the CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the CRA 
Regulation (UK) 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK 
but is certified under [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation")][and][Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation")]. 
 
 
 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or the UK 
nor certified under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed under 
the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK 
and is not certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in either the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation. 
 
3. INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion 
of the statement below:) 
 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and [its/their] 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)]

--- Page 147 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.)] 
 
4. [Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
(i) 
Indication of yield: 
[] 
 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. ] 
 
5. OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A. and the relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
(v) 
Names and addresses of 
additional 
Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[] 
 
 
(vi) 
[Intended to be held in a 
manner which would 
allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper)] [include this text for registered notes] and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper) [include this text for 
registered notes]. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
 
6. DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]

--- Page 148 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors:
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products 
or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared, "Not Applicable" 
should be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
 
(iii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products 
or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared, "Not Applicable" 
should be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
 
(iv) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
 
(v) 
(A) 
Names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(vi) 
(B) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(vii) 
If non-syndicated, name 
of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
 
(viii) 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; 
TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable] 
 
 
7. REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF 
PROCEEDS 
 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[]/[General corporate purposes]/[Green Bonds: an amount 
equal to the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be 
allocated to finance Eligible Green Projects ([set out any 
further required information here])]. See "Use of Proceeds" 
in the Base Prospectus and the Group's Green Finance 
Framework]. 
 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[]

--- Page 149 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
The form of Pricing Supplement that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of non-
applicable provisions, is set out below: 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 FOR THE 
ISSUE OF THE NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. 
Pricing Supplement dated [] 
NE PROPERTY B.V.  
Guaranteed by  
NEPI Rockcastle N.V. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the € [] Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme  
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU 
MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "EU Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of EU MiFID II.  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
"EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU 
MiFID II")][EU MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.]  Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible

--- Page 150 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any [person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")]/[distributor] should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in 
relation to such offer. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 6 July 2023 [and the supplement(s) to it dated []] [together] (the "Base Prospectus"). This 
document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only available on 
the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been 
published on the website of the Group (https://nepirockcastle.com/).]  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated [15 November 2017]/[11 April 2019]/[6 July 2020]/[17 September 2021] which are incorporated 
by reference into the Base Prospectus dated 6 July 2023 (the "Conditions"). This document constitutes the Pricing 
Supplement of the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 6 July 
2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [] [and []] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), save in respect of the Conditions which are 
extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [15 November 2017]/[11 April 2019]/[6 July 2020]/[17 September 
2021]. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Group (https://nepirockcastle.com/) and the 
website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com).] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing 
the Pricing Supplement.) 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
NE Property B.V. 
 
 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
NEPI Rockcastle N.V. 
 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [insert description of the 
Series] on [insert date/the Issue Date/exchange of 
the Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
[24] below [which is expected to occur on or about 
[insert date]]].] 
 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[] 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[]

--- Page 151 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[][] [EURIBOR/ SONIA/ SONIA Compounded 
Index/SOFR/SOFR Compounded Index/€STR]+/– 
[[] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(See paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 
below and identify there/Not Applicable] 
 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Make-whole call] 
[Call Option] 
[Put Option] 
[Change of Control] 
[Clean-Up Call Option]  
[(See paragraph [17/18/19/20/21] below)] 
 
13. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes and Guarantee obtained:] 
[] [and [], respectively] 
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes or related Guarantee) 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date

--- Page 152 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year 
 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount for a short 
or long Interest Period ("Broken 
Amount(s)") 
[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [] 
 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
 
(vi) 
[Determination Dates:] 
[[] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))] 
 
 
(vii) 
[Step Up Rating Adjustment:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
following 
subparagraph) 
 
 
(viii) 
[Step Up Rate:] 
[[] per annum] 
 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[●] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iii) below, not 
subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (iii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]]  
 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[] 
 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
 
(iv) 
Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]

--- Page 153 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s): 
[Principal Paying Agent]/ [an institution other than 
the Principal Paying Agent] shall be the Calculation 
Agent 
 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[][]  
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/SONIA 
Compounded Index/SOFR Compounded Index] 
 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days/London 
Banking 
Days/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days 
/Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag 
Period or Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Index Determination  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
SOFR 
Compounded 
Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Decimal Place 
[] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, 
it should be the fifth decimal place) 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Number 
of 
Index Days 
[] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, 
the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period]/ (select where Interest Determination Date 
has the meaning specified in Condition 6(b)(v), 
6(b)(vi) or 6(b)(vii)) [] [London Banking 
Days/U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days/TARGET Settlement Days] prior to each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[]

--- Page 154 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
(The Floating Rate Option should be selected from 
one of:  CHF-SARON / EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 
2006 ISDA Definitions apply) EUR-EURIBOR (if 
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / 
EUR-EuroSTR Compounded Index / GBP SONIA / 
GBP SONIA Compounded Index / HKD-HONIA / 
JPY-TONA / USD-SOFR / USD-SOFR Compounded 
Index (each as defined in the ISDA Definitions). 
These are the options envisaged by the terms and 
conditions) 
 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
(Designated Maturity will not be relevant where the 
Floating Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in [(v)] above and as specified in 
the ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
• 
-  
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
• 
Lookback: [] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [[] / Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
• 
Lockout: [] Lockout Period Business 
Days 
• 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[[]/Applicable Business Days]] 
 
 
Averaging 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
- 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
• 
Lookback: [] Applicable Business Days]

--- Page 155 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [[]/Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
• 
Lockout: [] Lockout Period Business 
Days 
• 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[[]/Applicable Business Days]] 
 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
- 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [[] / Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(ix) 
Linear interpolation 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period) 
 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less than 
zero] [The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be 
less than [] per cent. per annum] [Not applicable] 
 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum] [Not applicable] 
 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/365 (Sterling)] / 
[Actual/360] / [30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
 
(xiv) 
[Determination Dates:] 
[[] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))] 
 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 156 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(ii) 
[Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual 
– 
ISDA] 
/ 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] / [Actual/365 (Sterling)] / 
[Actual/360] / [30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] / 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] / 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
17. 
Call Option 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[] days 
 
18. 
Put Option 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period:  
[] days 
 
19. 
Change of Control  
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Change 
of 
Control 
Optional 
Redemption Price: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(ii) 
Change of Control Put Period: 
[] 
 
 
(iii) 
Change of Control Put Date: 
[] 
 
20. 
Make-Whole Call 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 157 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
 
(i) 
Notice Period: 
[] days 
 
 
(ii) 
Reference Bond: 
[] 
 
 
(iii) 
Make-Whole Margin: 
[] 
 
 
(iv) 
Make-Whole Time: 
[] 
 
 
(v) 
Par Redemption Date: 
[] 
 
21. 
Clean-Up Call Option 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Clean-Up Redemption Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[][Par] per Calculation Amount 
 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default or other early redemption: 
[]/[Par] per Calculation Amount 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on [] days' notice] 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
 
Registered Notes: 
[Global Certificate (US$/€[] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for [a common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
 
25. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
 
26. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment, and not the 
end dates of interest periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraph 15(vi) relates] 
 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[No/Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made.]

--- Page 158 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
28. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date 
hereof, [[administrator legal name][appears]/[does 
not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (as amended, the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation")]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the 
date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within 
the scope of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as 
amended, the "EU Benchmarks Regulation")]/ [As 
far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended apply, such that [name of administrator] is 
not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of NE Property B.V.: 
By: 
 
 
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of NEPI Rockcastle N.V.: 
By: 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 159 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[] / [Not Applicable.] 
 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[] 
 
2. RATINGS 
 
 
(i) 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
 
 
 
[S&P: []] 
 
 
 
[[Fitch: []] 
 
 
 
[[Other]: []] 
 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most recent list]) on the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is established 
in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] /[[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal)

--- Page 160 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it 
has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the 
CRA Regulation (UK).] 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the CRA Regulation but has applied for 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established and registered in 
the UK or certified under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), 
although notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the [relevant 
competent authority] /[European Securities and Markets 
Authority]. [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the 
latest update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the 
European Securities and Markets Authority website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is established 
in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "CRA Regulation (UK)").] /[[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "CRA Regulation (UK)").]/ [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "CRA Regulation (UK)") and the rating 
it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the 
CRA Regulation (UK).] 
 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and not applied for 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established and registered in 
the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and is 
neither registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular

--- Page 161 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] appears on 
the latest update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the 
European Securities and Markets Authority website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is established 
in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation (UK)").] /[[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is 
not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
and registered in the EEA or certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on 
[FCA]. [The rating [Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has given 
to the Notes to be issued under the Programme is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "UK CRA Regulation") 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK 
but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is

--- Page 162 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
established and registered under the CRA Regulation 
(EU) AND/OR under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA or 
the UK but the rating it has given to the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme is endorsed by [[insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation")]. 
 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK 
and relevant rating is not endorsed under the CRA 
Regulation (EU) or the CRA Regulation (UK) but CRA 
is certified under the CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR 
under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA or 
the UK but is certified under [Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")][and][Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation")]. 
 
 
 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or the 
UK nor certified under the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not 
endorsed under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA or 
the UK and is not certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is 
not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
either the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation. 
 
3. INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the statement below:) 
 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking

--- Page 163 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and [its/their] 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
4. [Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
(i)
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[] 
 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. ] 
 
5. OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[] 
 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
(v) 
Names and addresses of 
additional 
Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[] 
 
 
(vi) 
[Intended to be held in a 
manner 
which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper)] [include this text for registered 
notes] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]/ 
 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper) [include 
this text for registered notes]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]] 
 
6. DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]

--- Page 164 ---
- 156 - 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products 
and a key information document will be prepared, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
 
 
(iii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products 
and a key information document will be prepared, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
 
 
(iv) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
 
(v) 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(vi) 
(B) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(vii) 
If non-syndicated, name 
of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
 
(viii) 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; 
TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable] 
 
 
(ix) 
Additional 
selling 
restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
7.  
REASONS FOR THE OFFER  
 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[]/[General corporate purposes]/[Green Bonds: an 
amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of the 
Notes will be allocated to finance Eligible Green 
Projects ([set out any further required information 
here])]. See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus 
and the Group's Green Finance Framework.

--- Page 165 ---
- 157 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as a base prospectus. Application 
will also be made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official 
List and to trading on the Regulated Market. However, Notes may be issued under the Programme which 
will not be listed on Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange (including the Bucharest Stock 
Exchange) or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant 
Dealer(s) agree. 
2. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
the Netherlands in connection with the update of the Programme and the Guarantee. The update of the 
Programme was authorised by a written resolution of the management board of the Issuer passed on 16 
May 2023 and the giving of the Guarantee was authorised by a written resolution of the management 
board of the Guarantor passed on 16 May 2023.  
3. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer and 
its subsidiaries taken as a whole or of the Group since 31 December 2022. 
4. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or of the Guarantor since 31 
December 2022.  
5. 
Neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any other member of the Group is involved in any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer or Guarantor are aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus 
which may have or has had in the recent past significant effects on the financial position or profitability 
of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Group. 
6. 
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year, Coupon and Talon will bear the following 
legend: "Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the 
United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code.". 
7. 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant 
clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any alternative 
clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
8. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 7245006AG9J70KOIJH36. The Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI) code of the Guarantor is 549300FMWM53K9ULYT15. 
9. 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer's or Guarantor's 
business, which could result in any Group company being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Issuer's or Guarantor's ability to meet its obligations to noteholders in respect of the Notes 
being issued. 
10. 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the relevant 
Final Terms of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does not intend to 
provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes. 
11. 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, physical copies of the following 
documents will be available, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public 
holidays excepted), for inspection at the registered offices of each of the Issuer and the Guarantor in 
Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and, in the case of the documents under (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi), at 
(https://nepirockcastle.com/): 
(i) 
the Trust Deed (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the Global Certificates, the 
definitive Bearer Notes, the Certificates, the Coupons and the Talons);

--- Page 166 ---
- 158 - 
 
 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(iii) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer and the Guarantor; 
(iv) 
each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to an Exempt Note will only be available for 
inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the 
Issuer and the Issuing and Paying Agent as to its holding of Exempt Notes and identity); 
(v) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Prospectus; and 
(vi) 
the Guarantor Audited Consolidated Financial Statements and the Issuer Financial Statements. 
For the avoidance of doubt, other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this 
Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus. The information on the websites to 
which this Base Prospectus refers has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank. 
12. 
This Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the Official List and admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com). Copies of the Trust Deed (including the Guarantee) will be also available for 
inspection, at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents during normal business hours, so long as 
any of the Notes is outstanding. 
13. 
The Issuer's 2022 Consolidated Annual Financial Statements have been audited by Ernst & Young 
Accountants LLP, The Netherlands ("EY NL"), independent auditors, as stated in their report, which is, 
together with the Issuer's 2022 Consolidated Annual Financial Statements, incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus. The auditor signing the auditor's report on behalf of EY NL is a member of the 
Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van 
Accountants). 
14. 
The 
Issuer’s 
2021 
Consolidated 
Annual 
Financial 
Statements 
have 
been 
audited 
by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. (“PWC NL”) located at Thomas R. Malthusstraat 5, 1066 JR 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands, independent auditors for 2021, as stated in their report, which is, together 
with the Issuer’ 2021 Consolidated Annual Financial Statements, incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. The auditor signing the auditor’s report on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants 
N.V. is a member of the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke Nederlandse 
Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants).  
15. 
The Guarantor's 2022 Consolidated Annual Financial Statements have been audited by Ernst & Young 
Inc., South Africa ("EY SA"), independent auditor, as stated in their report, which is, together with the 
Guarantor's 2022 Consolidated Annual Financial Statements, incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. The auditor signing the auditor’s report on behalf of EY SA is a member of the Independent 
Regulatory Board of Auditors. 
16. 
The Guarantor's 2021 Consolidated Annual Financial Statements have been audited by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLC ("PWC LLC"), independent auditors for 2021, as stated in their report, 
which is, together with the Guarantor's 2021 Consolidated Annual Financial Statements, incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. PWC LLC is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in 
England and Wales. EY SA was appointed as Group independent external auditor in 2022, under the 
endorsement of the shareholders. 
17. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
relation to the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin or to trading on the Regulated Market. 
18. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
19. 
The Dealers and their respective affiliates may have engaged in transactions with the Issuer and the 
Guarantor in the ordinary course of their banking business and the Dealers may have performed various

--- Page 167 ---
- 159 - 
 
 
investment banking, financial advisory and other services for the Issuer and the Guarantor, for which they 
receive customary fees, and the Dealers and their respective affiliates may provide such services in the 
future. 
20. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall have no obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 168 ---
- 160 - 
 
 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
Registered Office of the Guarantor 
NE Property B.V. 
Strawinskylaan 563 
WTC Zuidas Tower Ten, 5th floor 
1077 XX Amsterdam  
The Netherlands 
NEPI Rockcastle N.V. 
Strawinskylaan 563 
WTC Zuidas Tower Ten, 5th floor 
1077 XX Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Arranger   
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Dealers 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Taunusanlage 12  
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
J.P. Morgan S.E. 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
Am Stadtpark 9 
1030 Vienna 
Austria 
 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
UNICREDIT BANK AG 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 Munich  
Germany

--- Page 169 ---
- 161 - 
 
 
 
 
Trustee 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
1 Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
Issuing and Paying Agent and Paying Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4ALA 
United Kingdom  
Registrar and Transfer Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon, SA/NV 
Luxembourg Branch 
2-4 Rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace  
Dublin 2  
Ireland 
 
Auditors 
To the Issuer 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP  
Euclideslaan 1 
3584 BL Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
To the Guarantor 
Ernst & Young Inc.  
102 Rivonia Road  
Sandton, 2196 
 South Africa 
 (Private Bag X14, Northlands, 2146, South 
Africa)  
 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor 
To the Issuer and to the Guarantor as to English 
law: 
To the Issuer and to the Guarantor as to Dutch 
law: 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
Clifford Chance 
Droogbak 1A 
1013 GE Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
To the Dealers 
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law: 
To the Dealers as to Dutch law: 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
Linklaters LLP 
Zuidplein 180 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands