--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 6 JUNE 2023 
Nederlandse Financierings-Maatschappij voor Ontwikkelingslanden N.V.  
(Incorporated in the Netherlands with limited liability and having its statutory domicile in  
The Hague) 
EUR 7,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
Under the EUR 7,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus 
(the "Base Prospectus"), Nederlandse Financierings-Maatschappij voor Ontwikkelingslanden N.V. ("FMO" or 
the "Issuer") may from time to time issue senior preferred notes (the "Senior Preferred Notes"), senior non-
preferred notes (the "Senior Non-Preferred Notes") and subordinated notes (the "Subordinated Notes" and 
together with the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes herein collectively referred to as the 
"Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below).  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will 
not exceed EUR 7,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency calculated as described herein).  
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the dealers specified below and any additional 
dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an 
ongoing basis (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"). The Dealer or Dealers with whom the Issuer agrees 
or proposes to agree an issue of any Notes is or are referred to as the "relevant Dealer(s)" in respect of those 
Notes.  
An investment in the Notes entails certain risks. Prospective investors should have regard to the risk factors 
described under the section 'Risk Factors' in this Base Prospectus. 
The Notes of each series (each a "Series") or tranche (each a "Tranche") will initially be represented by a global 
note. Each global note which is not intended to be issued in new global note form (a "Classic Global Note" or 
"CGN") as specified in the relevant set of final terms ("Final Terms") (or in the case of Exempt Notes (as defined 
below) the relevant pricing supplement ("Pricing Supplement")) will be deposited on the issue date thereof either 
(i) with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other agreed clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or in the case of Exempt Notes (as defined below), the applicable Pricing Supplement) or (ii) with Nederlands 
Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V., formerly known as NECIGEF, ("Euroclear Netherlands"). 
Each global note which is intended to be issued in a new global note form (a "New Global Note" or "NGN"), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or in the case of Exempt Notes (as defined below), the relevant Pricing 
Supplement), will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. See 'Form of the Notes' as set out herein.  
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended 
(the "Prospectus Regulation"). This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Netherlands Authority for the 
Financial Markets (Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten, the "AFM"), which is the Netherlands' competent 
authority for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation. The AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of any 
Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in such Notes.  
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for use only by the Issuer or others who have obtained the Issuer's consent for 
a period of up to twelve months after its approval by the AFM and shall expire on 6 June 2024, at the latest. The 
obligation by the Issuer to supplement this Base Prospectus, in the event of significant new factors, material 
mistakes or material inaccuracies, shall cease to apply upon the expiry of the validity period of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
Application may be made for Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext in Amsterdam ("Euronext in 
Amsterdam"), the regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V., listed on the official list (the "Official List") 
and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Euronext in Amsterdam 
and the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange are regulated markets for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"). The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will 
not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system. 
The AFM may be requested by the Issuer to provide the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF") in Luxembourg, or the competent authority of any other member state of the European Economic Area, 
with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with Article 20 
of the Prospectus Regulation.  
The AFM shall notify the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") of the approval of this Base 
Prospectus and any supplement hereto at the same time as such approval is notified to the Issuer. In addition, the 
AFM shall provide ESMA with a copy of this Base Prospectus and any supplement hereto. 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation 
to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to as a "Non-exempt Offer". 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Conditions of 
the Notes as set out herein, in which case a supplement to the Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made 
available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes and, if relevant, which 
will be subject to the prior approval of the AFM. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation applies only to Notes that are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or that are to be offered to the public in the EEA other 
than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation. The AFM has neither approved nor reviewed information 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes.  
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the approval of this Base Prospectus with 
respect to Exempt Notes as a base prospectus for the purposes of Part IV of the Luxembourg Law dated 16 July 
2019 on prospectuses for securities (the "Prospectus Act 2019"). Application has also been made to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes (including Exempt Notes) issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
the Official List and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Euro 
MTF Market") (including the professional segment of the Euro MTF Market) during the twelve-month period 
after the date of approval of this Base Prospectus. The Euro MTF Market is not a regulated market for the purposes 
of MiFID II. This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange in its capacity of 
competent authority for the purpose of the Prospectus Act 2019, in respect of the Exempt Notes provisions. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
("EURIBOR") which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"), the euro short-term rate 
("€STR") which is provided by the European Central Bank, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") 
which is provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") 
which is provided by the Bank of England, or any other benchmark, in each case as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, EMMI is included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA (the "Benchmarks Register") pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011) (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks 
Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to 
update the Base Prospectus or any applicable Final Terms (or in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
If a benchmark (other than EURIBOR) is specified in the applicable Final Terms (or in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement), the applicable Final Terms (or in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the 
Benchmarks Register. The Issuer is required to utilize indices provided by a provider which is authorized or

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
recognized by ESMA pursuant to the Benchmarks Regulation in respect of financial instruments within the scope 
of the Benchmarks Regulation.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act"). The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to or for the 
account or benefit of U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S ("Regulation S") under the Securities Act), except 
pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 and regulations thereunder (the "Revenue Code"). 
FMO has been rated 'AAA/Stable/A-1+' by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and 'AAA/Stable/F1+' 
by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, S&P and Fitch are established 
in the European Union and registered under the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of 16 September 2009 on credit 
rating agencies, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). As such, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, each of 
S&P and Fitch is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation. Neither Fitch nor S&P is established in the United Kingdom, but it is part of a group in respect of 
which one of its undertakings is (i) established in the United Kingdom and (ii) is registered in accordance with 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018, as amended (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The Issuer ratings have been issued by Fitch 
and S&P in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings Fitch and 
S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Please refer to 'General Information' for more details. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency if, 
in its judgement, circumstances in the future so warrant. 
Series or Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche or Series of 
Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the Issuer. A security rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency. The rating of a certain Series or Tranche of Notes to be issued under 
the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement). Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series or Tranche of 
Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed 
clearly and prominently in the Final Terms (or in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
In general, credit institutions as defined in Regulation (EU) 575/2013, as amended (the "CRR"), such as the Issuer, 
are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless the rating is provided by 
a credit rating agency operating in the European Union before 7 June 2010 which has submitted an application for 
registration in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation and such registration is not refused.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
Arranger 
Rabobank 
Dealers  
ABN AMRO 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Daiwa Capital Markets Deutschland 
Danske Bank 
HSBC 
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
Mizuho 
Rabobank  
RBC Capital Markets 
 
This Base Prospectus is issued in replacement of the base prospectus dated 9 June 2022 (as amended and 
supplemented), and accordingly supersedes such earlier base prospectus (as amended and supplemented).

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ...................................................................................................................6 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................... 16 
IMPORTANT NOTICE ......................................................................................................................................... 47 
CALCULATION OF THE OUTSTANDING AMOUNT .................................................................................... 53 
NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NON-EXEMPT OFFER NOTES IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA .... 54 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ......................................................................................... 59 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ............................................................................................................. 61 
FORM OF THE NOTES........................................................................................................................................ 62 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................... 65 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................. 114 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT ................................................................................................................. 138 
USE OF PROCEEDS .......................................................................................................................................... 159 
NEDERLANDSE FINANCIERINGS-MAATSCHAPPIJ VOOR ONTWIKKELINGSLANDEN N.V. ........... 163 
FMO FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL REVIEW (AS AT 31 DECEMBER) .............................................................. 179 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 2022 AND 2021 .................................................................................. 180 
CONSOLIDATED PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT 2022 AND 2021 ............................................................ 182 
TAXATION ......................................................................................................................................................... 183 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................................. 188 
GENERAL INFORMATION .............................................................................................................................. 195

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the applicable Final Terms (or in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). The Issuer and 
any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and 
Conditions (the "Conditions") as described in the section 'Terms and Conditions of the Notes', in which event and 
if appropriate and permitted under the Prospectus Regulation a new (base) prospectus or a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus, will be published, unless the relevant Notes are Exempt Notes in which case the relevant changes may 
be made in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, as amended. 
 
Words and expressions defined in the sections 'Form of the Notes' and 'Terms and Conditions of the Notes' shall 
have the same meanings in this overview. 
 
Issuer: 
Nederlandse Financierings-Maatschappij voor Ontwikkelingslanden N.V, a 
public company with limited liability (naamloze vennootschap) incorporated 
in the Netherlands, having its statutory domicile at The Hague, the Netherlands 
and registered in the trade register of the Netherlands Chamber of Commerce 
under no. 27078545. 
 
The commercial name of the Issuer is FMO. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
XTC5E2QFTEF0435JWL77 
 
Risk factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. In addition, there are 
certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme and risks relating to the 
structure of a particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme. All of 
these are set out in the section 'Risk Factors' and include risk factors relevant 
to the following categories: 
 
Risk Factors regarding FMO 
 
A. Risks related to FMO's relationship with the State  
B. Risks related to financial conditions, market circumstances and (economic) 
trends 
C. Risks related to FMO's business and operations 
D. Regulatory risks  
E. Internal control risks  
 
Risk Factors regarding the Notes  
 
A. Risks relating to Notes generally 
B. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
C. Risks related to the market generally 
Description: 
EUR 7,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
Arranger: 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Dealers: 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
Daiwa Capital Markets Deutschland GmbH 
Danske Bank A/S 
HSBC Continental Europe 
ING Bank N.V. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular 
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will 
only be issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time (see 
section 'Subscription and Sale'). 
Agent / Principal Paying 
Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Dutch Paying Agent: 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent:  
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg  
Amsterdam Listing Agent:  
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Programme Size: 
Up to EUR 7,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. The Issuer 
may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of 
the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in each 
case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Form of the Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in section 'Form of the 
Notes'. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in series (each, a "Series"). Each Series may comprise one 
or more tranches ("Tranches" and each, a "Tranche") issued on different issue 
dates. The Notes of each Series will all be subject to identical terms, except 
that the issue price, issue date and the amount of the first payment of interest 
may be different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche 
will all be subject to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may 
comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Final Terms: 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes not 
being Exempt Notes will be the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as 
completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Exempt Notes 
will be the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as completed by the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
 
References in this Base Prospectus to "Final Terms" shall, in the case of an 
issue of Exempt Notes, be read and construed as a reference to the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, unless the context otherwise requires. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which is at par 
or at a discount to, or premium over, par.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
Partly Paid Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which the issue price is paid in 
separate instalments in such amounts and on such dates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes may either be Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and Subordinated Notes. Subordinated Notes may or may not be specified to 
be Tier 2 Notes in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Senior Preferred Notes 
 
The Senior Preferred Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons constitute 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and with all other present and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer save for (i) those 
preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law and (ii) (in the 
event of the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer only) the Statutory Senior 
Non-Preferred Obligations. 
 
The Senior Preferred Notes of a Series may be intended to qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
If it is specified in the applicable Final Terms that the Senior Preferred Notes 
of a Series are intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, no Noteholder, 
Couponholder and Receiptholder may at any time exercise or claim any right 
of set-off or netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising 
under or in connection with such Senior Preferred Notes, Coupons and 
Receipts. To the extent that any Noteholder, Couponholder or Receiptholder 
nevertheless claims a right of set-off or netting in respect of any such amount, 
whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of whether the set-
off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such holder shall 
immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount which 
purportedly has been set off or netted (such a transfer, a "Set-off Repayment") 
and no rights can be derived from the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, Coupons 
or Receipts until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off Repayment 
and accordingly any such set-off or netting shall be deemed not to have taken 
place. Irrespective of any other set-off or netting agreement providing 
otherwise, the (im)possibility of any set-off or netting by a Noteholder, 
Couponholder or Receiptholder shall be exclusively governed by Dutch law. 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons 
constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which have 
a lower ranking within the meaning of Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy 
Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing Article 108 of 
Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in the 
Netherlands) and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves 
and with all other present and future obligations of the Issuer qualifying as 
Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, save for those obligations 
preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law. 
 
In the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer any 
claims of the Noteholders, Couponholders and Receiptholders against the 
Issuer in respect of or arising under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the 
related Receipts and Coupons (including any amounts attributable to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations 
thereunder) shall rank (i) pari passu without any preference among themselves 
and with all other present and future obligations of the Issuer qualifying as 
Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations save for those obligations 
preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law, (ii) in the event of

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer only, junior to any present and 
future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which do not 
qualify as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, including the claims of 
creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 
72a(2) of the CRR, and (iii) senior to any Subordinated Obligations. 
 
By virtue of such ranking, payments to the Noteholders, Couponholders and 
Receiptholders will, in the event of the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer, 
only be made after all claims in respect of unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer which do not qualify as Statutory Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations, including the claims of creditors arising from excluded 
liabilities of the Issuer Pursuant to Article 72a(2) of the CRR, and those 
obligations preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law have 
been satisfied in full. 
 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes of a Series are intended to qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities. 
 
No Noteholder, Couponholder and Receiptholder may at any time exercise or 
claim any right of set-off or netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the 
Issuer arising under or in connection with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
Coupons and Receipts. To the extent that any Noteholder, Couponholder or 
Receiptholder nevertheless claims a right of set-off or netting in respect of any 
such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of 
whether the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such holder 
shall immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount which 
purportedly has been set off or netted (such a transfer, a "Set-off Repayment") 
and no rights can be derived from the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
Coupons or Receipts until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off 
Repayment and accordingly any such set-off or netting shall be deemed not to 
have taken place. Irrespective of any other set-off or netting agreement 
providing otherwise, the (im)possibility of any set-off or netting by a 
Noteholder, Couponholder or Receiptholder shall be exclusively governed by 
Dutch law. 
 
Subordinated Notes 
 
The Subordinated Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons constitute 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. The rights and claims of 
the holders of the Subordinated Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons 
are subordinated as described below.  
 
Subject to exceptions provided by mandatory applicable law (including as 
provided pursuant to Section 212rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy Code 
(Faillissementswet)), the rights and claims (if any) of the holders of the 
Subordinated Notes to payment under the Subordinated Notes in respect of the 
principal amount of the Subordinated Notes shall in the event of a liquidation 
or bankruptcy (faillissement) rank (i) pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and with all other present and future Tier 2 own funds instruments 
of the Issuer, including any Tier 2 Parity Securities, and (ii) junior to all Tier 2 
Senior Obligations (in accordance with Section 212rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy 
Act (Faillissementswet)) and (iii) senior to any Tier 2 Junior Subordinated 
Obligations. 
 
The Subordinated Notes of a Series are intended to qualify and to be treated as 
Tier 2 capital for the purposes of the regulatory capital rules applicable to the 
Issuer from time to time or as MREL Eligible Liabilities. Subordinated Notes 
intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes rank junior to Subordinated Notes that no 
longer qualify as Tier 2 Notes.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
Any Receipts and Coupons relating to the Subordinated Notes shall in the case 
of (i) the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer or (ii) liquidation rank above 
own funds and pari passu without any preference among themselves subject 
to Article 212rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy Code (Faillissementswet). 
 
By virtue of such ranking, payments to the Noteholders, Couponholders and 
Receiptholders will, in the event of the liquidation or bankruptcy 
(faillissement) of the Issuer, only be made after all claims in respect of any Tier 
2 Senior Obligations have been satisfied in full. 
 
No set-off or netting in respect of Subordinated Notes 
 
No Noteholder, Couponholder and Receiptholder may at any time exercise or 
claim any right of set-off or netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the 
Issuer arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes, Coupons 
and Receipts. To the extent that any Noteholder, Couponholder or 
Receiptholder nevertheless claims a right of set-off or netting in respect of any 
such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of 
whether the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such holder 
shall immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount which 
purportedly has been set off or netted (such a transfer, a "Set-off Repayment") 
and no rights can be derived from the relevant Subordinated Notes, Coupons 
or Receipts until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off Repayment 
and accordingly any such set-off or netting shall be deemed not to have taken 
place. Irrespective of any other set-off or netting agreement providing 
otherwise, the (im)possibility of any set-off or netting by a Noteholder, 
Couponholder or Receiptholder shall be exclusively governed by Dutch law. 
Overview of order of 
application of Bankruptcy 
and Resolution in respect of 
the Notes: 
The below table compares the order in which losses will be absorbed on the 
Notes issued under this Programme in situations of bankruptcy of the Issuer 
and in write-down and conversion (subject to certain exceptions and potential 
changes in the future): 
 
Bankruptcy 
Resolution 
1. 
Subordinated 
Notes 
qualifying 
as 
Tier 
2 
instruments. 
1. Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 
2 instruments. 
2. Subordinated Notes that no 
longer qualify as Tier 2 Notes. 
2. Subordinated Notes that no longer 
qualify as Tier 2 instruments. 
3. Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
3. Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
4. Senior Preferred Notes. 
4. Senior Preferred Notes. 
 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes may be 
denominated in such currencies agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. The currency of the Notes shall be as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Dual Currency Notes: 
Payments (whether in respect of principal or interest and whether at maturity 
or otherwise) in respect of Dual Currency Notes will be made in such 
currencies, and based on such rates of exchange, as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Tier 2 Notes shall have a minimum maturity of five years. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed Rate Notes will bear a fixed rate of interest which will be payable on 
such date or dates as specified in the applicable Final Terms and on redemption 
and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Reset Notes: 
Fixed Rate Reset Notes will bear a fixed rate of interest, which will be reset 
periodically, and which will be payable on such date or dates as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and on redemption and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
 
 on the same basis as the floating rate (based on the Floating Rate Option 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) under an interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA"), and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
of the relevant Series), or latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions (as published by ISDA as at the issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
 
 
on the basis of the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 
 
plus or minus a Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms (if any), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, 
and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount as may be agreed between the Issuer the relevant Dealer(s) and will 
not bear interest. 
Currency Linked Interest 
Notes: 
Currency Linked Interest Notes bear interest of which the amount payable is 
calculated on a Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Date by reference to a 
single currency rate of exchange or basket of currency rates of exchange as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
For further information as to how developments in the rates of exchange may 
affect the return and value of the Currency Linked Interest Notes, see the 
section 'General Information - Statement on Currency Linked Interest Notes'. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes cannot 
be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in instalments (see 
'Instalment Notes' below), for taxation reasons, for regulatory purposes or 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior 
to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Specific requirements apply to the 
redemption of Tier 2 Notes and Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Notes and Senior Preferred Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
Instalment Notes: 
Instalment Notes may be repayable in two or more instalments of such amounts 
and on such dates as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption of Notes with a 
Regulatory Status: 
The redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as MREL Eligible Liabilities or Tier 2 
Notes, the Issuer is subject to (i) the prior (written) permission of the 
Competent Authority and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or 
requirements applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the 
Competent Authority or under the relevant applicable laws. 
Regulatory Call: 
If "Regulatory Call" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer may: 
 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Preferred Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities: upon the occurrence of an MREL 
Disqualification Event; or 
 
in the case of Subordinated Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
be intended as Tier 2 Notes: upon the occurrence of a Capital Event or 
(provided that at such time a Capital Event has occurred and is continuing) an 
MREL Disqualification Event, 
 
redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at any time, on giving not less than 
30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders, or such other 
period of notice as specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices) of the Conditions. 
 
Specific requirements apply to the redemption of Tier 2 Notes and 
Subordinated Notes, Senior-Non Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities. 
Currency Linked 
Redemption Notes: 
Principal payable on Currency Linked-Redemption Notes is calculated on a 
Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Date by reference to a single currency rate 
of exchange or basket of currency rates of exchange as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
For further information as to how developments in the rates of exchange may 
affect the return and value of the Currency Linked Interest Notes, see the 
section 'General Information - Statement on Currency Linked Redemption 
Notes'. 
Denomination: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be such 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
 
Dual Currency Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes 
will have a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and 
Coupons by the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of any present or future taxes or duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
the Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
In the event that any such withholding deduction is made, the Issuer will either 
(i) save in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 7 (Taxation) of 
the Conditions, be required to pay additional amounts (other than, in the case 
of (i) Tier 2 Notes, or (ii) Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Senior Preferred Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to 
qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, in respect of any amount of principal or 
other amounts other than interest) as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts receivable by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and 
interest which would otherwise have been receivable in the absence of such 
withholding or deductions or (ii) make the required withholding or deduction 
but the Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to cover the amounts so 
withheld or deducted, as will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Substitution or Variation: 
If "Substitution or Variation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer may upon: 
 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Preferred Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities: upon the occurrence of an MREL 
Disqualification Event at its option and at any time substitute such Notes, in 
whole but not in part, or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of such Notes, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, in such 
a way that they remain qualified or, as appropriate, become qualified as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders, or such other period of notice as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices) of the Conditions; and 
 
in the case of Subordinated Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
be intended as Tier 2 Notes: upon the occurrence of a Capital Event or, at its 
option and at any time substitute such Notes, in whole but not in part, or vary 
the terms of all (but not some only) of such Notes, without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of the Noteholders, in such a way that such Notes 
remain or, as appropriate, become compliant with (i) Directive 2013/36/EU, as 
amended (the "CRD Directive") or such other regulatory capital rules 
applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time and (ii) the requirements of the 
Competent Authority in relation to Tier 2 capital and (iii) the then current 
requirements of the Competent Authority in relation to Tier 2 capital at the 
relevant time on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders, or such other period of notice as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) of the 
Conditions. 
 
The variation or substitution of the Notes shall not result in terms that are 
materially less favorable to the interests of the Noteholders (as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer) and the resulting Notes will need to comply with the 
requirements set out in Condition 5(e), respectively Condition 5(f), as 
applicable. 
 
Any substitution or variation of Notes as described above is subject to the prior 
(written) permission of the Competent Authority and compliance with any 
other pre-conditions to, and any other statutory requirements and by the 
Competent Authority.  
Negative Pledge: 
No. 
Cross Default: 
No.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Statutory Loss Absorption 
and Recapitalisation: 
Notes may become subject to the determination by the Resolution Authority or 
the Issuer (following instructions from the Resolution Authority) that without 
the consent of the relevant Noteholders: 
 
 
 all or part of the principal amount of such Notes, including accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be written down or otherwise be 
applied to absorb losses, subject to write-up by the Resolution Authority 
(such write-down, "Statutory Loss Absorption"); or 
 
 
 all or part of the principal amount of such Notes, including accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be converted into claims which 
may give right to Common Equity Tier 1 instruments (such conversion, 
"Recapitalisation"), 
 
all as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework. 
 
Upon any such determination (i) the relevant proportion of the outstanding 
nominal amount of the Notes subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation shall be written down or converted into claims which may 
give right to Common Equity Tier 1 instruments or otherwise be applied to 
absorb losses, as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, (ii) such 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall not constitute an Event of 
Default and (iii) Noteholders will have no further claims in respect of the 
amount so written down or the amount subject to conversion or otherwise as a 
result of such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation, including with 
respect to any accrued but unpaid interest on such written down or converted 
amounts. Upon any write down or conversion of a proportion of the 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes, any reference in these Conditions to 
principal, nominal amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount of the Notes shall be deemed to be 
to the amount resulting after such write down or conversion. 
 
In addition, subject to the determination by the Resolution Authority and 
without the consent of the Noteholders, the Notes may be subject to other 
resolution measures as envisaged under the Applicable Resolution 
Framework., such as replacement or substitution of the Issuer, transfer of the 
Notes, expropriation of Noteholders, modification of the terms of the Notes 
and/or suspension or termination of the listings of the Notes. Such 
determination, the implementation thereof and the rights of Noteholders shall 
be as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, which may include 
the concept that, upon such determination, no Noteholder shall be entitled to 
claim any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax or other 
consequences arising from any such event and that any such event shall not 
constitute an Event of Default. 
Ratings: 
Ratings in relation to the Issuer and certain Notes are described in the section 
'General Information', under the paragraph 'Rating'. 
 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
its expected rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Such rating 
will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the Issuer. A security 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency without prior notice. 
Listing: 
Application may be made for Notes to be issued under the Programme to be 
listed on Euronext in Amsterdam and/or to be listed on the Official List and to 
be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the 
approval of this Base Prospectus with respect to Exempt Notes as a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Part IV of the Prospectus Act 2019. Application 
has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes (including 
Exempt Notes) issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List 
and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (including the professional segment of the Euro MTF Market) 
during the twelve-month period after the date of approval of this Base 
Prospectus. The Euro MTF Market is not a regulated market for the purposes 
of MiFID II. The AFM has neither approved nor reviewed information 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
Unlisted Notes may also be issued. The Final Terms relating to each issue will 
state whether or not the Notes are to be listed and, if so, on which exchange(s). 
Governing Law: 
The Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of 
the Netherlands. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
European Economic Area, the United States, the United Kingdom, the 
Netherlands, Japan, Belgium, Switzerland and Singapore such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Notes, see the section 'Subscription and Sale'. 
 
The application of certain such restrictions (Prohibition of Sales to EEA and 
UK Retail Investors/TEFRA C/TEFRA D) will be as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
RISK FACTORS 
All of these risk factors and events are contingencies which may or may not occur. Factors which are material for 
the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Notes are described below. 
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the order in which the 
remaining risks are presented is not necessarily an indication of the lower likelihood of the risks actually 
materializing, of the lower potential significance of the risks or of the smaller scope of any potential negative 
impact to FMO's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. FMO may face a number of 
these risks described below simultaneously and some risks described below may be interdependent. While the risk 
factors below have been divided into categories and each risk factor has been placed in the category deemed most 
appropriate, some risk factors could belong in more than one category and prospective investors should carefully 
consider all of the risk factors set out in this section. Where a risk factor could belong in more than one category, 
such risk factor is included in the category that is most appropriate for it. 
FMO believes that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent in investing in the Notes, but 
the inability of FMO to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for 
other reasons and FMO does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are 
exhaustive. Other risks, events, facts or circumstances not included in this Base Prospectus, not presently known 
to FMO, or that FMO currently deems to be immaterial could, individually or cumulatively, prove to be important 
and may have a significant negative impact on FMO's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. Prospective investors should carefully read and review the entire Base Prospectus and should form 
their own views before making an investment decision with respect to the Notes. Prospective investors should also 
read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making 
any investment decision. 
Before making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, prospective investors should consult their own 
stockbroker, bank manager, lawyer, accountant or other financial, legal and tax advisers and carefully review the 
risks entailed by an investment in the Notes and consider such an investment decision in the light of the prospective 
investor's personal circumstances. 
 Words and expressions defined in the 'Terms and Conditions of the Notes' below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. References to "Final Terms" shall, in the case of an issue of 
Exempt Notes, be read and construed as a reference to the applicable Pricing Supplement, unless the context 
otherwise requires. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER 
NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
A. Risks related to FMO's relationship with the State  
A.1. FMO's relationship with the State may have a materially adverse impact on FMO's business, financial 
condition, results of operations, liquidity and prospects 
Although (i) the State of the Netherlands (the "State") is a majority shareholder in FMO and (ii) FMO has an 
agreement with the State which provides FMO with financial support (such agreement as most recently updated 
and intended to become effective at 1 July 2023, the "State Agreement") (see 'Nederlandse Financierings-
Maatschappij voor Ontwikkelingslanden N.V. - State Agreement' for an extensive description of this agreement), 
the State's involvement and/or financial support may over time, subject to a twelve-year notice period, be (or 
perceived to be) decreased substantially or terminated altogether and alter FMO's risk profile, financial position or 
future prospects. As a consequence, any such (perceived) decrease or termination may have an adverse effect on 
FMO's financial position, credit rating and results of operations, which could have a negative impact on the risk 
profile of FMO and ultimately make it more difficult for FMO to obtain funds and it may be more expensive to 
fund FMO.  
In particular, FMO currently shares the same S&P and Fitch credit ratings as the State, primarily as a result of the 
undertakings provided to FMO by the State in the State Agreement. Any changes to the State Agreement or the 
State's shareholding in FMO resulting in an actual or perceived diminishment or termination of financial support 
from the State to FMO (or involvement in FMO) could materially adversely affect FMO's credit ratings (see also 
'B.3. FMO depends on its credit ratings to obtain funding on favorable terms'). Any downgrade of FMO's credit 
ratings could materially increase FMO's cost of accessing capital markets (which constitutes its main source of

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
funding) and its ability to raise new funding and FMO may encounter increased liquidity risks. In a broader sense, 
any downgrade may also have a material adverse impact on FMO's competitive position with its clients in the 
private sector and its financial condition.  
B. Risks related to financial conditions, market circumstances and (economic) trends 
B.1. FMO's operations and results may be adversely affected by adverse developments and circumstances on a 
global scale or in the geographic areas in which it conducts its business  
FMO is active in various geographic regions. Its operations, business and results may be adversely impacted by 
(i) turbulence, turmoil and volatility in the financial markets, (ii) adverse economic, business and market 
developments and environments on a global scale or specific to the geographic regions in which it conducts its 
business (including high inflation rates, increased commodity prices) and (iii) local and global political events and 
trends, environmental developments, regulatory action, terrorism, war (including the conflict in Ukraine) and civil 
unrest, pandemics (including COVID-19), epidemics, health emergencies and other catastrophic events. Any 
developments in relation to the above circumstances and events (including the evolution of the conflict in Ukraine) 
are inherently unpredictable and may result in losses for FMO or require FMO to cease all or certain activities in 
all or some of the geographic regions in which it conducts its business. Ultimately, this may have a materially 
adverse impact on FMO's business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and prospects.  
B.2. Adverse capital and credit market conditions may impact FMO's ability to access liquidity and capital, as 
well as the cost of credit and capital 
FMO requires liquidity in its day-to-day business activities primarily to pay its operating expenses and principal 
and interest payments on its debts and other liabilities. The principal source of liquidity for FMO is the wholesale 
lending market, and as a result of obtaining a full banking license as per 3 March 2014, it may also enter the retail 
lending market. Further liquidity is also available through cash flow from FMO's assets and investment portfolio. 
Any change in such liquidity may have a negative effect on FMO's financial position. FMO may not be able to 
meet its payments obligations due to insufficient financial resources or may only be able to secure such financial 
resources at high costs. The availability of additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as market 
conditions, the general availability of credit, the volume of trading activities, the volume of maturing debt that 
needs to be refinanced, the overall availability of credit to banks and other institutions such as FMO, FMO's credit 
ratings and credit capacity, as well as the possibility that clients or lenders could develop a negative perception of 
FMO's long- or short-term financial prospects. Similarly, the FMO's access to funds may be limited if regulatory 
authorities take negative actions against it or if the State's involvement in FMO, or financial support to FMO, is 
terminated or otherwise perceived to be diminished (see also 'A. Risks related to FMO's relationship with the 
State'). 
Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital and credit markets, such as that experienced during the global 
financial crisis and recent disruptions relating to the collapse and/or forced sale of institutions, such as Silicon 
Valley Bank, First Republic Bank, Signature Bank and Credit Suisse AG, may also limit FMO's access to capital 
required to operate its business. Such market conditions may in the future limit FMO's ability to raise additional 
capital to support business growth, or to counterbalance the consequences of losses or increased regulatory capital 
requirements. This could force FMO to (i) delay raising capital, (ii) reduce, cancel or postpone interest payments 
on its capital securities (if outstanding at such time), (iii) issue capital of different types or under different terms 
than FMO would otherwise offer, or (iv) incur a higher cost of capital than in a more stable market environment. 
This would have the potential to decrease both FMO's profitability and its financial flexibility. FMO's results of 
operations, financial condition, cash flows and regulatory capital position could be materially adversely affected 
by disruptions in the financial markets (see also 'C.7. FMO is subject to market participant default risk which 
could disrupt the markets and may have an adverse effect on FMO's results and financial condition'). 
B.3. FMO depends on its credit ratings to obtain funding on favorable terms  
FMO has been rated 'AAA/Stable/A-1+' by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and 'AAA/Stable/F1+' 
by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"). 
FMO currently shares the same S&P and Fitch credit ratings as the State, primarily as a result of the undertakings 
provided to FMO by the State in the State Agreement between the State and FMO (see the section 'Nederlandse 
Financierings-Maatschappij voor Ontwikkelingslanden N.V. - State Agreement'). Accordingly, any change in the 
credit rating of the State could result in a corresponding change to FMO's credit rating. Any downgrade of FMO's 
credit ratings could materially increase FMO's cost of accessing capital markets (which constitutes its main source

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
of funding) and its ability to raise new funding and FMO may encounter increased liquidity risks. In a broader 
sense, any downgrade may also have a material adverse impact on FMO's competitive position with its clients in 
the private sector and its financial condition.  
B.4. FMO is subject to liquidity risks and may not be able to meet its financial obligations 
FMO is subject to the risk that it has insufficient liquid assets available to meet its financial obligations (whether 
under normal circumstances or in times of stress) without incurring significant costs or losses. The present treasury 
policy on investment provides for the need to maintain cash holdings, among other things, to cover liquidity risks 
and FMO, as a regulated bank, is also subject to regulatory requirements to maintain certain liquidity buffers (see 
'D.2. FMO is subject to minimum capital and liquidity requirements and may have insufficient capital resources 
to meet such requirements'). However, there is no guarantee that such policy or regulatory requirements would 
ensure that FMO, at all times, would have sufficient liquid assets available to it. 
FMO retains a sizeable portfolio of liquid investments to generate liquidity if required. The State Agreement also 
addresses liquidity risk in Article 5 (see 'Nederlandse Financierings-Maatschappij voor Ontwikkelingslanden N.V. 
- State Agreement'). Under the State Agreement, the State has undertaken to provide support to FMO to the extent 
necessary to fulfil its obligations in respect of, among other things, all debt, loans and funds raised on the capital 
markets and all short-term money-market borrowings with a maturity of up to two years. If FMO's sources of 
liquidity would prove insufficient to meet its obligations and, where the obligations would be covered under the 
State Agreement to the extent that the State were to fail to fulfil its obligations under the State Agreement in a 
timely manner or at all, FMO could be unable to fulfil such obligations (which may include the Notes) in a timely 
manner or at all when due. Any failure on the side of FMO to meet its obligations in a timely manner may have an 
adverse impact on FMO's business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation and prospects. 
C. Risks related to FMO's business and operations 
C.1. FMO is subject to market risks and may not be able to protect itself against such risks by entering into 
hedging transactions 
Many of FMO's financing and investment activities take place in foreign currencies – mostly U.S. Dollars and to 
a lesser extent emerging market currencies – while the majority of FMO's borrowings in the capital markets are in 
U.S. Dollars and Euro, supplemented by currencies such as Australian dollars, Swedish Krona and other local 
currencies.  
Changes in the level of currency exchange rates, interest rates (including credit spreads included in interest rates 
(caused by the market perception of credit risk, liquidity risk or other risks)) and changes between different types 
of interest rates may negatively affect FMO's business by decreasing its income. In a period of changing interest 
rates (and higher and more volatile credit spreads), interest expense may increase at different rates than the interest 
earned on assets, and foreign exchange rates may develop in an adverse manner which could adversely impact 
FMO's income on its assets if compared to the expenses under its exposures. In addition, as FMO's reporting 
currency is Euro, a depreciation of FMO's reporting currency against the currencies to which FMO is exposed may 
adversely affect FMO's regulatory capital ratios since FMO's assets - and hence also its risk weighted assets - are 
mainly denominated in foreign currencies. 
FMO enters into derivative transactions to manage the currency and basic interest rate risks associated with its 
investments. FMO, however, applies a structural approach for the foreign currency positions in the equity position 
for two reasons. First, FMO has created an open foreign exchange position in its private equity portfolio in order 
to hedge against an adverse effect of the exchange rate on the regulatory capital ratios. A depreciation of FMO's 
reporting currency (Euro) can significantly affect the capital ratio, as described above, since FMO's assets - and 
hence also the risk weighted assets - are mainly US dollar denominated or in local currencies. The US dollar long 
position in the equity portfolio thereby functions as a partial hedge for FMO's regulatory capital ratios. Second, 
the uncertainty in the size and the timing of the cash flows for equity investments make hedging less effective. 
There is, however, no guarantee that the hedges and processes which FMO employs are and will at all times be 
effective.  
Developing an effective strategy for dealing with these risks described above is complex, and no strategy can 
completely insulate FMO from risks associated with interest rate and foreign exchange rates fluctuations. FMO's 
hedging strategies also rely on certain assumptions and projections regarding its assets, liabilities, general market 
factors and the creditworthiness of its counterparties that may prove to be incorrect or prove to be inadequate. 
Accordingly, FMO's hedging activities may not have the desired beneficial impact on its results of operations or

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
financial condition. It may be that certain techniques employed by FMO to hedge it risks cease to be recognized 
under applicable accounting standards or the regulators, which may have a significant adverse effect on FMO's 
financial condition and regulatory capital ratios. In addition, hedging counterparties may fail to perform their 
obligations resulting in unhedged exposures and losses on positions that are not collateralized. As such, FMO's 
hedging strategies involve certain risks, transaction costs and other costs, and if FMO terminates a hedging 
arrangement, it may also be required to pay additional costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs. It is possible 
that there will be periods in the future, during which FMO has incurred or may incur losses on transactions, perhaps 
significant, after taking into account FMO's hedging strategies. FMO's hedging strategy finally relies on the 
assumption that hedging counterparties remain able and willing to provide the hedges required by its strategy. 
Increased regulation, market shocks, worsening market conditions (whether due to a Euro crisis or otherwise), 
and/or other factors that affect or are perceived to affect the financial condition, liquidity and creditworthiness of 
FMO may reduce the ability and/or willingness of such counterparties to engage in hedging contracts with it and/or 
other parties, affecting FMO's overall ability to hedge its risks and adversely affecting its business, financial 
condition, results of operations, liquidity and prospects. 
C.2. FMO is subject to investment risk, which may adversely affect FMO's business, regulatory capital position. 
Financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and prospects 
FMO is subject to investment risk, particularly as a result of FMO having to take risks that commercial market 
parties are usually not prepared to take, FMO may be more susceptible to such risks than commercial banks. 
Investment risk is defined as the risk that actual investment returns will be lower than expected returns, and 
encompasses credit, equity, concentration and counterparty credit risks, as further described below. 
FMO's investment portfolio makes up the large majority of FMO's (risk weighted) assets and generates the large 
majority of FMO's income. This portfolio is at risk of losses through provisions on loans and lower fair values of 
equity positions. 
The realization of any investment risk may adversely affect FMO's business, regulatory capital position, financial 
condition, results of operations, liquidity and prospects. 
C.3. FMO is subject to credit risk, which may result in losses for FMO and failures or defaults of other 
institutions with which FMO does business 
An important risk to FMO is credit risk. Credit risk is the risk of loss of principal or loss of a financial reward 
stemming from a borrower's or other obligor's failure to repay a loan or otherwise meet a contractual obligation.  
Credit risk from loans in emerging market countries arises from a combination of counterparty risk, country risk 
and product specific risks. These types of risk are assessed during the credit approval and credit review process 
and administrated, inter alia, via internal scorecards, which is based on formalized and strict procedures. However, 
there can be no assurance that such procedures prove to be sufficient to mitigate credit risks, in particular where 
mid- to long term transactions are entered into or where counterparties are located in jurisdictions or active in 
economic sectors in which adequate quantitative and qualitative information may not be available. In addition, 
FMO's clients may be subject to broader economic, political (e.g. the conflict in Ukraine), social, regulatory, health 
(e.g. the COVID-19 pandemic) and environmental events, trends and local and global developments which (and 
the consequences of which) may not be fully known or understood at the date of entry into a particular transaction. 
Distress or defaults (or rumors about any such distress or defaults) by any one or more of FMO's counterparties 
may result in losses for FMO and failures or defaults of other institutions with which FMO does business. 
C.4. FMO is subject to equity risk, which is the risk that the fair value of an equity investment decreases. The 
equity risk also includes exit risk, which is the risk that FMO's stake cannot be sold for a reasonable price and 
in a sufficiently liquid market 
FMO has a long-term view on its equity portfolio, usually selling its equity stake within a period of 5 to 10 years.  
FMO's equity portfolio consists of both direct or co-investments, primarily in the financial institutions and energy 
sectors, and indirect investments in private equity funds. The two types of investments require different risk 
assessments and selection criteria. FMO's private equity department is responsible for assessing opportunities and 
performing extensive due diligence before investment decisions are made. Equity investments are approved by 
FMO's Investment Committee in terms of specific customer as well as country risk. FMO's investment review 
committee assesses the valuation of equity investments on semi-annual and annual basis. Diversification across

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
geographical area, sector and equity type across the total portfolio is evaluated before new investments are made. 
The performance of the equity investments in the portfolio is periodically analyzed during the fair value process. 
Based on this performance and market circumstances, exits are pursued in close cooperation with FMO's co-
investing partners. Despite such procedures and techniques being in place at FMO, there can be no assurance that 
such techniques and procedures prove to be sufficient to mitigate equity risks, in particular, where counterparties 
are located in jurisdictions or active in economic sectors in which adequate quantitative and qualitative information 
may not be available. In addition, FMO's investment may be adversely affected by broader economic, political, 
regulatory, social, health (e.g. the COVID-19 pandemic) and environmental events, trends and developments 
which (and the consequences of which) may not be fully known or understood at the date on which an investment 
is made and the occurrence (and continuance) of which may significantly increase FMO's exit risk. The realization 
of equity risks may result in significant losses on FMO's equity portfolio. 
C.5. FMO is subject to concentration risk, which may trigger losses on the portfolio 
In conducting its business, FMO is subject to concentration risks. Concentration risk is the risk that FMO's 
exposures are too concentrated within or across different risk categories. Concentration risk may trigger losses 
large enough to threaten FMO's financial health or ability to maintain its core operations or trigger material change 
in institution's risk profile. 
FMO ensures strong diversification within FMO's emerging market portfolio through stringent limits on individual 
counterparties (single and group risk limits), sectors, countries and regions. These limits are monitored by Risk, 
reviewed regularly and approved by FMO's Investment Review Committee. Diversification across countries, 
sector and individual counterparties is a key strategy of FMO to safeguard the credit quality of its portfolio.  
However, FMO's diversification policies and associated processes may not be sufficient to prevent losses on the 
portfolio. In particular, economic, political, regulatory, social, health and environmental events, trends and 
developments (including, war, imposition of sanctions, pandemics and climate change) may disproportionally 
affect certain sectors, countries and regions to which FMO has significant exposures in a way that is not foreseen 
or not fully understood when entering into the affected transaction(s). Any such events, trends and developments 
may cause significant losses on the portfolio. 
C.6. FMO is subject to counterparty credit risk in the treasury portfolio and may not be able to meet its financial 
obligations 
In conducting its business, FMO is subject to counterparty credit risks. Counterparty credit risk in the treasury 
portfolio is the risk that FMO will suffer economic losses because a counterparty fails to fulfill its financial or 
other contractual obligations from open positions in the portfolio. Counterparty risk exposures in FMO's treasury 
portfolios originate from short-term investments (deposits, investment in money market funds, commercial paper, 
and collaterals related to transacted derivatives), interest-bearing securities (bonds), and transacted derivatives for 
hedging purposes.  
The main goal of the treasury portfolio is to maintain liquidity buffer such that FMO can serve its liquidity needs 
in both on-going business and in stressed circumstances. Any failure or default of FMO's counterparties in respect 
of the treasury portfolio could therefore result in insufficient liquid assets being available to FMO, as a result of 
which FMO could be unable to fulfil such obligations (which may include the Notes) in a timely manner or at all 
when due. Any failure on the side of FMO to meet its obligations in a timely manner may have an adverse impact 
on FMO's business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation and prospects. See also 'B.4. FMO is 
subject to liquidity risks and may not be able to meet its financial obligations'. 
 
C.7. FMO is subject to market participant default risk which could disrupt the markets and may have an 
adverse effect on FMO's results and financial condition 
 
Within the financial services industry, the severe distress or default of any one institution (including sovereigns 
and central counterparties) could lead to defaults by, or the severe distress of, other market participants. While 
prudential regulation may reduce the probability of a default by a major financial institution, the actual occurrence 
of such a default could have a material adverse impact on FMO. Such distress of, or default by, a major financial 
institution could disrupt markets or clearance and settlement systems and lead to a chain of defaults by other 
financial institutions, since the commercial and financial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely 
related as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships. Also, the perceived lack of creditworthiness of 
a sovereign or a major financial institution (or a default by any such entity) may lead to market-wide liquidity

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
problems and losses or defaults by FMO or by other institutions. This risk is sometimes referred to as 'systemic 
risk' and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities 
firms and exchanges with whom FMO interacts on a daily basis. Systemic risk could impact FMO directly, by 
exposing it to material credit losses on transactions with defaulting counterparties or indirectly by significantly 
reducing the available market liquidity on which FMO and its lending customers depend to fund their operations 
and/or leading to a write down of loans or securities held by FMO. In addition, FMO may also be faced with 
additional open market risk for which hedging or mitigation strategies may not be available or effective (either by 
hedges eliminated by defaulting counterparties, or reduced market liquidity). Systemic risk could have a material 
adverse effect on FMO's ability to raise new funding and on FMO's business, results and financial condition. In 
addition, such distress or failure could impact future product sales as a potential result of reduced confidence in 
the financial services industry. 
 
C.8. FMO's business activities make it particularly susceptible to reputational risks  
FMO's mandate and operations in developing and emerging markets exposes FMO to reputational risks. In recent 
years, there has been increased attention for environmental, social and governance factors as well as increased 
regulatory scrutiny in respect of compliance with 'know your customer', anti-money laundering, sanctions, ant-
bribery, anti-terrorist and anti-corruption requirements, with a significant increase in law enforcement and 
investigations.  
FMO cannot fully avoid the risks which such factors and other circumstances pose to its reputation due to the 
nature of its operations, but aims to mitigate such risks as much as possible through strict policies, upfront 
assessment and consultation with stakeholders, and when necessary, through agreements with FMO's clients. There 
is, however, no guarantee that FMO's efforts would prove to be effective or successful. Any negative publicity in 
relation to FMO or the projects and transactions in which it is involved could cause disproportionate damage to its 
reputation, regardless whether the negative publicity is factually accurate. Such information could also be repeated 
or amplified by third parties, which could damage the reputation of FMO further. Any damage to FMO's reputation 
could cause existing customers to withdraw their business, could dissuade future or existing clients from entering 
into future business with FMO, may hamper FMO's access to the markets in which it conducts or aims to conducts 
its business and operations and increases the risk that legal proceedings are initiated against FMO which may 
adversely affect its business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and prospects. Furthermore, 
material damage to the reputation of FMO may call into question the support which FMO receives from the State 
and could result in a decrease or termination of such support (see 'A. Risks related to FMO's relationship with the 
State'). 
C.9. FMO's business activities make it particularly susceptible to ESG risks 
FMO faces environmental and social risks in its emerging market projects. These risks stem from the nature of 
FMO's projects, which in some cases could carry negative environmental and/or social impacts. Working in 
complex operational environments and non-ideal situations, there is a risk of negative press and/or negative 
reactions from NGOs in the context of environmental, social and governmental ("ESG") performance. Such risks 
may be accepted by FMO as long as the opportunity to create a development impact is clear and there are 
opportunities to mitigate the risk through environmental and social action plans and monitoring. The risk appetite 
for deviations from FMO's internal exclusion list and human rights violations by projects financed by FMO is zero. 
FMO furthermore expects the highest standards in professional conduct.  
ESG risks can result in non-compliance with applicable regulation, NGO and press attention, reputational damage 
and financial losses and increases the risk that legal proceedings are initiated against FMO and may ultimately 
adversely affect FMO's business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and prospects. 
C.10. FMO and its business and operations are subject to transition risks related to climate change 
The transition to a low carbon or net zero economy may give rise to risks and uncertainties associated with climate 
change-related laws, regulations and oversight, changing or new technologies, and shifting customer sentiment. 
For instance, FMO may be required to change its lending portfolio to comply with new climate change-related 
regulations. As a result, it might be unable to lend to certain prospective customers, or might even lead to the 
termination of certain existing relationships with certain customers. This could result in claims or legal challenges 
from such customers against FMO. This transition may also adversely impact the business and operations of FMO's 
customers and other counterparties. If FMO fails to adequately factor in such risks in its lending or other business 
decisions, FMO could be exposed to losses.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
The low carbon or net zero transition may also require FMO to modify or implement new compliance systems, 
internal controls and procedures or governance frameworks. The integration and automation of internal 
governance, compliance, and disclosure and reporting frameworks across FMO could lead to increased operational 
costs for FMO and other execution and operational risks. The implementation cost of these systems may especially 
be higher in the near term as FMO seeks to adapt its business, or address overlapping, duplicative or conflicting 
regulatory or other requirements in this fast-developing area. Furthermore, FMO's ongoing implementation of 
appropriate systems, controls and frameworks increasingly requires FMO to develop adequate climate change-
related risk assessment and modelling capabilities (as there is currently no standard approach or methodology 
available), and to collect customer, third party or other data. There are significant risks and uncertainties inherent 
in the development of new risk modelling methodologies and the collection of data, potentially resulting in systems 
or frameworks that could be inadequate, inaccurate or susceptible to incorrect customer, third party or other data. 
Any delay or failure in developing, implementing or meeting FMO's climate change-related commitments and 
regulatory requirements may have a material adverse impact on its business, financial condition, operating results 
and reputation, and lead to climate change or ESG-related investigations, enforcement proceedings or litigation. 
D. Regulatory risks  
D.1. FMO is subject to detailed regulations and a failure to comply may adversely affect it 
FMO conducts its businesses subject to ongoing regulatory and associated risks, including the effects of changes 
in law, regulations and policies in the Netherlands and any other jurisdictions in which it conducts its businesses. 
Supervisory authorities have broad administrative power over many aspects of the banking business, both on 
prudential as well as on integrity risks. The changing regulatory landscape governing or applying to FMO, 
including the increased regulatory pressure to comply, may have an adverse effect on FMO's business. In recent 
years, the cost and operational burden of complying with applicable regulations for banks has increased 
significantly and is expected to increase further. As an organization with relatively limited scale, FMO is burdened 
financially and operationally by the pressure of increasing and/or changing regulations. 
 
Despite FMO's efforts to maintain effective compliance procedures and to comply with applicable laws, 
regulations and guidelines, these compliance procedures may be inadequate or otherwise ineffective, as a result of 
human or other operational errors in their implementation, and FMO might fail to meet applicable standards or 
may be unable to meet future standards. If FMO or any of its affiliates is in breach of any existing or new laws or 
regulations now or in the future, FMO will be exposed to the risk of intervention by regulatory authorities, 
including investigation and surveillance, the suspension or revocation of its licenses, administrative or criminal 
proceedings, instructions with which FMO has to comply, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties or other 
disciplinary action which could materially harm FMO's results of operations and financial condition. In addition, 
the reputation of FMO could suffer and FMO could be fined or prohibited from engaging in some of its business 
activities or be held liable or otherwise be subjected to legal proceedings by clients if it does not comply with 
applicable laws and regulations. 
 
 
D.2. FMO is subject to minimum capital and liquidity requirements and may have insufficient capital resources 
to meet such requirements 
FMO is subject to laws and regulations prescribing, among other things, its solvency and liquidity position. FMO 
is subject to the risk, inherent in all regulated financial businesses, of having insufficient capital resources to meet 
the minimum regulatory capital requirements. Changes to the CRD Directive, the CRR, the Basel III (as defined 
below) standards and other future regulatory reforms could impose additional restrictions on FMO's activities if it 
were to no longer meet certain capital or liquidity requirements.  
 
In December 2010, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee") published its final 
standards on the revised capital adequacy framework known as "Basel III". In order to facilitate the 
implementation of the Basel III capital and liquidity standards for banks and investment firms, on 20 July 2011 
the European Commission proposed a legislative package to strengthen the regulation of the banking sector. On 
26 June 2013, the Council and the European Parliament adopted the package known as "CRD IV" consisting of a 
directive known as the "CRD IV Directive" (which was implemented into Dutch law on 1 August 2014) and a 
regulation commonly known as the "CRR 1" which entered into effect as of 1 January 2014. The EU rules deviate 
from the Basel III rules in certain aspects (e.g. in imposing an additional systemic risk buffer) and (in respect of 
some provisions) provide national discretions to apply more stringent prudential requirements than those set in the

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
EU (or Basel) framework. As part of the EU Banking Reforms, a new regulatory package known as "CRD V / 
CRR 2" (consisting of a directive and regulation) entered into force on 27 June 2019.  
 
Furthermore, on 27 October 2021, the European Commission published a proposal on the revised CRD Directive 
and the CRR, known as "CRD VI / CRR 3". This proposal aims to finalize the EU's implementation of the Basel 
III framework through CRD VI and CRR 3. Both the Council (late 2022) and the European Parliament (early 2023) 
published their draft implementing proposals and have commenced negotiations in order to agree a final version 
of the provisions, which are intended to apply as from 1 January 2025. 
 
CRD, as in force, consists of the CRD Directive and the CRR, which aims to create a sounder and safer financial 
system. The CRD Directive governs the supervisory framework while the CRR establishes the prudential 
requirements financial institutions need to respect, namely the minimum requirements in relation to capital and 
liquidity, leverage restrictions, counterparty credit risk, large exposures and Pillar 3 requirements.  
 
In accordance with the requirements set in the CRD Directive, and as part of the EU Supervisory Review and 
Evaluation Process (SREP), supervisory authorities may perform an analysis of FMO's business model, 
arrangements, strategies, processes and mechanisms to form a view on its viability and sustainability. If necessary, 
they may take measures to address any problems and concerns including, among other things, requiring additional 
capital and/or liquidity buffers to be maintained by FMO. Such measures may result in changes to the business 
plan and strategy, or require FMO to reduce risks that are inherent in certain of its offerings by changing its policies, 
improving its systems or cease to provide such offerings altogether. Any such measures may materially adversely 
affect FMO's business and result of operations and may require FMO to make substantial investments or obtain 
additional regulatory capital, which it may not be able to at the time. 
 
Capital and liquidity requirements may increase in the case of adverse developments in the financial markets or in 
economic conditions. Any non-compliance with the capital and liquidity requirements applicable to FMO may 
adversely affect FMO's reputation, and may result in administrative sanctions, judicial proceedings and 
investigations, the imposition of restrictions of its activities and other disciplinary actions all of which could 
materially adversely affect FMO's result of operations and financial condition.  
 
Due to the changing regulatory landscape and increased regulatory pressure, FMO may, in the future, also become 
subject to stricter capital and liquidity requirements which may adversely affect FMO's income and require FMO 
to reduce business levels or raise additional regulatory capital, which it may be unable to at the time. The 
quantitative impact of additional regulatory capital requirements due to future changes in the regulatory framework 
is currently uncertain and will depend also on the future development of FMO's balance sheet and whether multiple 
or even all of the changes have negative consequences for FMO, or only a few. A significant impact is expected 
once CRD VI/CRR 3 legislative package will be implemented as from 1 January 2025 due to the draft amendments 
regarding risk weights applicable to equity exposures, capital requirements for market risk in the banking book 
and the boundary between the trading book and the banking book. 
 
Any non-compliance with future regulations may adversely affect FMO's reputation, and may result in 
administrative sanctions, judicial proceedings and investigations, the imposition of restrictions of its activities and 
other disciplinary actions all of which could materially adversely affect FMO's result of operations and financial 
condition. 
 
D.3. FMO is subject to hold a Minimum Amount of Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities ("MREL") and 
difficulties in obtaining MREL may have a material adverse effect on FMO 
 
As part of the BRRD, FMO is required to maintain a certain minimum amount of own funds and eligible liabilities 
("MREL") expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds to ensure the effective application of 
the bail-in tool. The level of own funds and eligible liabilities required under MREL is set by the resolution 
authority for each bank (and/or group) based on, among other things, the criteria set forth in Article 45.6 of the 
BRRD, including the systemic importance of the institution. Eligible liabilities may be senior or subordinated, 
provided, among other requirements, that they have a remaining maturity of at least one year and, if governed by 
a non-EU law, they must be able to be written down or converted under that law (including through contractual 
provisions). The MREL framework has become subject to substantial change during the recent years, amongst 
others, as a result of changes pursuant to the EU Banking Reforms, as described under the risk factor 'D.2. FMO 
is subject to minimum capital and liquidity requirements and may have insufficient capital resources to meet such 
requirements' above.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
At the end of 2021, FMO has received its MREL decision from DNB in its capacity as Dutch National Resolution 
Authority. The MREL requirement was set equal to FMO's minimum requirements regarding own funds and other 
regulatory capital positions, which are imposed as part of DNB's SREP assessment. As FMO already has sufficient 
MREL eligible liabilities, the MREL requirement will not be phased-in but has already become applicable in full 
as of 1 January 2022. The MREL requirement is only imposed to FMO on a consolidated basis. 
 
If FMO were to experience difficulties in raising MREL eligible liabilities, it may have to reduce its lending or 
investments in other operations which would have a material adverse effect on FMO's business, results of 
operations and prospects. 
 
E. Internal control risks  
 
E.1. FMO's risk management may prove inadequate or ineffective for the risks it faces 
 
The Issuer has developed risk management policies and procedures to address the risks it faces in conducting its 
business. Nonetheless, FMO's policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage risks may not be fully 
effective, particularly during extremely turbulent times, which may result from natural disasters, war or acts of 
terrorism, pandemics (such as the recent COVID-19 pandemic), epidemics, other health crises and environmental 
matters such as extreme weather and climate change. Although FMO has implemented measures to ensure business 
continuity and adequate service to its clients, enactment of such policies and procedures, especially during 
enlengthened periods of time, may prove insufficient or burdensome to FMO's operation and may lead to 
discontinuation, inefficiencies in or slowdown of its operational business processes. The methods FMO uses to 
manage, estimate and measure risk are partly based on historic market behavior. The methods may, therefore, 
prove to be inadequate for predicting future risk exposure, which may be significantly greater than what is 
suggested by historic experience. Other methods for risk management are based on evaluation of information 
regarding markets, customers or other information that is publicly known or otherwise available to FMO. Such 
information may not always be correct, updated or correctly evaluated. 
 
A lack of effectiveness or circumvention of FMO's risk management policies may result in the manifestation of 
unmitigated risks (whether foreseen or not foreseen) which may adversely affect FMO's operations and may 
ultimately adversely affect FMO's operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 
E.2. FMO is subject to operational risks 
 
FMO is subject to operational risk which can increase costs and can adversely affect FMO's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. Operational risks can arise from inadequate procedures, regulatory 
breaches, including inadequate compliance with internal rules and policies and laws and regulations, fraud and 
willful or negligent actions or omissions by employees, advisors or contractors of FMO, IT failures (including due 
to a computer virus, ransomware or a failure to anticipate or prevent cyber-attacks or other attempts to gain 
unauthorized access to FMO's systems) but also external events that interrupt normal business operations 
(including environmental disasters, terrorism, pandemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic), epidemics, other 
health crises and other catastrophic events). 
FMO is in particular dependent on well-functioning IT systems. In conducting its business, FMO depends on the 
secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in its computer systems and 
networks. The equipment and software used in FMO's computer systems and networks may not be capable of 
processing, storing or transmitting information as expected. Certain of FMO's computer systems and networks 
may also have insufficient recovery capabilities in the event of a malfunction or loss of data. In addition, such 
systems and networks may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses or other malicious code and 
other external attacks or internal breaches that could have a security impact and jeopardize FMO's confidential 
information or that of its clients or its counterparts. Similarly, FMO's computer systems and networks may have 
insufficient recovery processes in the case of a loss of data. Any of these events may adversely affect FMO's ability 
to comply with laws and regulations (including in respect of its obligations to handle personal data in a secure 
manner) and FMO's ability to serve its clients. This can in turn result in financial loss, harm to FMO's reputation 
and hinder its operational effectiveness and ultimately adversely affect FMO's operations, financial condition and 
prospects and reputation. 
FMO will be subject to a new, uniform and comprehensive framework for the digital operational resilience of its 
IT systems. This framework is laid down in Regulation (EU) 2022/2554 on the digital operational resilience for 
the financial sector ("DORA") that entered into force on 16 January 2023 and will become applicable on 17

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
January 2025. This will give rise to additional compliance and ICT-related costs and expenses. Should FMO not 
be able to comply with DORA, this might result in administrative and/or criminal enforcement and/or reputational 
damage. 
 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
 
A. Risks relating to Notes generally 
A.1. The rights of the holders of the Notes may be directly or indirectly affected as a result of the exercise by 
the competent resolution authority of the bail-in tool or other recovery or resolution power or Intervention 
Measures in respect of the Issuer  
Dutch law (including the implementation of BRRD) or the SRM Regulation could materially and adversely affect 
the position of certain categories of the Issuer's bondholders (including holders of the Notes) and the credit rating 
attached to certain categories of debt instruments then outstanding (including the Notes), in particular if and when 
any of the below proceedings would be commenced against the Issuer. The rights and effective remedies of the 
Noteholders, as well as their market value, may be affected by any such proceedings. 
Under Dutch law, substantial powers were granted to the Dutch Minister of Finance to intervene with a bank 
established in the Netherlands, such as the Issuer, if the Minister of Finance is of the view that the stability of the 
financial system is in serious and immediate danger due to the situation that the bank is in. These powers consist 
of (i) the expropriation of assets and/or liabilities of the Issuer, and securities issued by or with the cooperation of 
the Issuer, claims against it, and (ii) immediate measures, which measures may deviate from statutory provisions 
or the Issuer's articles of association, such as temporarily depriving the Issuer's shareholders from exercising their 
voting rights and suspending a board member or a supervisory board member ("Intervention Measures"). These 
powers (including the expropriation assets and/or liabilities), if exercised with respect to the Issuer, may impact 
the Notes and will, subject to certain exceptions, lead to counterparties of the Issuer (including Noteholders) not 
being entitled to invoke events of default or set off their claims and risking to lose all or a substantial part of their 
investment in the Notes. Any (perceived) indication that the Issuer or the Notes may be subject to an Intervention 
Measure, could have an adverse effect on tradability and/or the market price of the relevant Notes. 
If the Issuer would be deemed no longer viable (or one or more other conditions as set out in Article 59 BRRD 
apply, "Non-Viability Event") the Issuer may be subject to the write-down, cancellation or conversion of relevant 
capital instruments issued by it (or in cooperation with it) (i.e. Common Equity Tier 1 instruments, Additional Tier 
1 instruments and Tier 2 instruments, each as referred to in the CRR) and either independently (i.e. separate from 
a resolution action) or in combination with a resolution action (such as the application of a transfer tool and/or the 
bail-in tool, discussed below). This measure is referred to as the write-down and conversion of capital instruments 
tool ("WDCCI"). One of the Non-Viability Events concerns the situation where extraordinary public financial 
support is required by the institution and without such support the institution would no longer be viable. As for 
extraordinary public financial support it is noted that, while FMO believes that the State Agreement and any aid it 
may receive thereunder from the State, as described under 'Nederlandse Financierings-Maatschappij voor 
Ontwikkelingslanden N.V. - State Agreement', does not currently constitute extraordinary public financial support 
within the meaning of the BRRD, there is no certainty on this, or that this will not change, and as a result on 
whether receipt of such aid may require the resolution authority to exercise write down or conversion powers with 
respect to the Notes. The State Agreement is subject to review every five years. If substantial changes are made to 
the State Agreement at such reviews or otherwise this may affect the status of the aid granted under the State 
Agreement and as a result such aid may then constitute extraordinary public financial support within the meaning 
of the BRRD. 
The WDCCI can be exercised in order to write-down, cancel or convert the relevant capital instruments (and, after 
the implementation of Directive (EU) 2019/879, as amended, into Dutch law, certain eligible liabilities referred to 
in Article 59(1a) BRRD) into (rights with respect to to-be-issued) shares or other instruments of ownership. The 
WDCCI should be exercised in accordance with a certain order of priority, as described below although exceptions 
may apply. WDCCI could adversely affect the rights and effective remedies of holders of any Subordinated Notes 
intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes and the market value of such Notes could be negatively affected.  
If the Issuer would be deemed to fail or likely to fail and the other resolution conditions (as set out in Article 32 
BRRD) would also be met, the Issuer may be placed under resolution ("Resolution Event"). The resolution 
authority may in the event of resolution decide to apply certain resolution tools, subject to the general resolution 
objectives and principles laid down in the BRRD. These resolution tools include the sale of business tool, the

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
bridge institution tool and the asset separation tool, each of which, in summary, provides for a transfer of certain 
assets and/or liabilities of the Issuer to a third party. In addition, the SRM Regulation provides for the bail-in tool. 
The bail-in tool may be applied to recapitalize the Issuer (whether or not in combination with one of the 
aforementioned transfer tools) or convert into (rights with respect to to-be-issued) shares or other instruments of 
ownership or reduce the principal amount of claims or debt instruments of the Issuer that have been transferred 
pursuant to one of the aforementioned transfer tools. The bail-in tool extends further than WDCCI (subject to 
potential changes in the future, as discussed above), and may also result in the write-down or conversion into 
(rights with respect to to-be-issued) shares or other instruments of ownership of eligible liabilities of the Issuer 
(such as Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes), in accordance with a certain order of priority 
(see below). In order to ensure the effectiveness of the bail-in tool, the SRM Regulation prescribes at all times a 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (i.e. the MREL Requirement) which may be subject 
to the bail-in tool. 
The resolution authority should take the write-down and conversion steps in the following order (subject to certain 
exceptions, such as the exclusion or partial exclusion by the resolution authority of certain liabilities from the bail-
in tool, and potential changes in the future): 
(i) 
Common Equity Tier 1 instruments; 
(ii) 
principal amount of Additional Tier 1 instruments; 
(iii) 
principal amount of Tier 2 instruments; 
(iv) 
principal amount of other subordinated debt (not, or no longer, qualifying as Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 
instruments), in accordance with hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings, including Section 
212rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet); and 
(v) 
principal amount of other not excluded liabilities, in accordance with hierarchy of claims in normal 
insolvency proceedings. 
For the avoidance of doubt, WDCCI can under the Applicable Resolution Framework (as defined in Condition 
2(c) of the Conditions) only extend to the instruments referred to under (i), (ii) and (iii) (and, after the 
implementation of Directive (EU) 2019/879 into Dutch law, certain eligible liabilities referred to in Article 59(1a) 
BRRD) while the bail-in tool may also result in the write-down or conversion of any other liabilities other than 
liabilities which are not bail-inable liabilities within the meaning of the BRRD. 
This entails that the resolution authority should take the write-down and conversion steps among the Notes in the 
following order (subject to certain exceptions and potential changes in the future: 
(i) 
Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 instruments; 
(ii) 
Subordinated Notes that no longer qualify as Tier 2 instruments; 
(iii) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes;  and 
(iv) 
Senior Preferred Notes. 
It follows from the above that all Notes are capable of being fully and permanently written down (subject to write 
up) (such write down or, "Statutory Loss Absorption") or converted fully into claims which may give right to 
Common Equity Tier 1 instruments (such conversion, “Recapitalisation”) after the occurrence of a Non-Viability 
Event (in the case of Notes within the scope of the WDCCI) or a Resolution Event (in the case of all Notes). 
Subject to any write up, any written-down amount as a result of Statutory Loss Absorption shall be irrevocably 
lost and holders of such Notes will cease to have any claims for any principal amount and accrued but unpaid 
interest which has been subject to write down. Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall not constitute 
an Event of Default and the Noteholders will have no further claims in respect of the amount so written down or 
the amount subject to conversion or otherwise as a result of such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation. 
The occurrence of a Non-Viability Event or Resolution Event may be unpredictable and may depend on a number 
of factors which may be outside of the Issuer's control. The Resolution Authority may require or may cause a write 
down (or apply any other measure under the Applicable Resolution Framework) in circumstances that are beyond 
the control of the Issuer and with which the Issuer may not agree. It is possible that the resolution authority will

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
use its powers under the Applicable Resolution Framework to force a write down or conversion, which could result 
in subordinated and/or senior debt instruments of the Issuer (such as the Notes) absorbing losses. Because of the 
inherent uncertainty regarding the determination of whether a Non-Viability Event or Resolution Event exists, it 
will be difficult to predict when, if at all, a write down will occur. Accordingly, market prices and trading strategy 
in respect of Notes which may be subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation may differ from other 
types of securities. Any (perceived) indication that the Issuer may be subject to a recovery or resolution measure, 
including that the Notes may become subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation, could have an 
adverse effect on tradability and/or the market price of the relevant Notes. Potential investors should consider the 
risk that it may lose all of its investment in such Notes (subject to the hierarchy of write down and conversion), 
including the principal amount plus any accrued but unpaid interest, in the event that a recovery or resolution 
procedure (including Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation) occurs. The amount of MREL Eligible 
Liabilities (as defined in Condition 5(e) of the Conditions) held by the Issuer may be insufficient to avoid holders 
of Senior Preferred Notes and related Coupons and Receipts in resolution losing their investment. 
The rights of the Noteholders that may be negatively affected as a result of the exercise of the bail-in tool, another 
recovery or resolution power or an Intervention Measure in respect of the Issuer may also include any set-off rights 
of a Noteholder. This may, for example, be the case if any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuer under the Notes 
would be written-down, converted or expropriated or otherwise be subject to the bail-in tool, another recovery or 
resolution power or an Intervention Measure, while any (counter)claim of the Issuer vis-à-vis that Noteholder 
would not be affected. Set-off rights (to the extent not already excluded pursuant to the Conditions of the Notes) 
and certain other rights may also not be enforceable against the Issuer or subject to a (temporary) suspension, in 
the event of the exercise of the bail-in tool, another recovery or resolution power or an Intervention Measure in 
respect of the Issuer. 
See the section headed 'Nederlandse Financierings-Maatschappij voor Ontwikkelingslanden N.V - Structure, 
Policy and Compliance - Recovery and resolution measures; intervention measures' for the definitions of "BRRD", 
"SRM Regulation", "SRB", and "Special Measures Financial Institutions Act" and "Intervention Measures" for 
more information regarding the BRRD, the SRM Regulation and the Special Measures Financial Institutions Act 
and the proposed changes to the BRRD and SRM Regulation under the EU Banking Reforms. 
A.2. The circumstances under which the competent resolution authority would take any recovery or resolution 
measure or Intervention Measure are uncertain 
Although certain conditions must be met for taking (i) recovery and resolution measures and the exercise of any 
powers to implement such measures and (ii) Intervention Measures, it is uncertain which specific factors the 
competent resolution authority would consider in deciding whether to take any recovery or resolution measure or 
Intervention Measure, and how to implement such measure, with respect to the Issuer and its assets or liabilities, 
such as the Notes. The criteria that the competent resolution authority would consider provide it with considerable 
discretion. Noteholders may not be able to refer to publicly available criteria in order to anticipate a potential 
recovery or resolution measure or Intervention Measure being taken or the exercise of any power pursuant thereto, 
and consequently its potential effect on the Issuer and the Notes. 
A.3. The rights of Noteholders to challenge the exercise of the bail-in tool or other recovery or resolution powers 
by the competent resolution authority are likely to be limited 
Noteholders may have limited rights to challenge, to demand compensation for losses, seek a suspension or 
nullification of any decision of the competent resolution authority to take certain recovery or resolution measures, 
and exercise the bail-in tool or other recovery or resolution powers to implement such measures, to have that 
decision reviewed by a judicial or administrative process or otherwise, or to exercise any other remedy in this 
context. This means no recourse may be available to challenge any actions taken by the competent resolution 
authority, even where such acts are in the view of the Noteholder prejudicial to its interests. 
A.4. Future bank recovery and resolution regimes may affect the rights of holders of the Notes even further  
It is possible that under the BRRD, the SRM Regulation, the Special Measures Financial Institutions Act, the EU 
Banking Reforms or any other future similar proposals, any new resolution powers granted by way of statute to 
the SRB, DNB, the ECB, the Minister of Finance and/or any other relevant authority could be used in such a way 
as to result in the debt instruments of the Issuer, such as the Notes, absorbing losses or otherwise affecting the 
rights of Noteholders in the course of any resolution of the Issuer, which could result in investors losing their entire 
investment and may adversely affect the market value of the Notes.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
A.5. The Conditions contain provisions which may permit modification, waivers and substitution which may be 
contrary to Noteholders' interests 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting 
their interests generally or to pass resolutions in writing. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and/or vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, 
did not sign the written resolution, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Conditions provide that the Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders, to (i) any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Agency Agreement 
which is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders, (ii) any modification of the Notes, the 
Receipts, the Coupons, or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to 
correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the laws of the Netherlands, (iii) in 
accordance with Condition 5(e), substitution of the Notes or variation of the terms of the Notes in order to ensure 
that such substituted or varied Notes remain qualified or, as appropriate, become qualified as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities, (iv) in accordance with Condition 5(f), substitution of the Notes or variation of the terms of the Notes 
in order to ensure that such substituted or varied Notes (a) remain or, as appropriate, become compliant with (1) 
CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time and (2) the requirements of 
the Competent Authority in relation to Tier 2 capital and (3) the then current requirements of the Competent 
Authority in relation to Tier 2 capital at the relevant time continue to qualify as Tier 2 Notes under CRD or such 
other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time and/or (b) remain qualified or, as 
appropriate, become qualified as MREL Eligible Liabilities. Any such modification shall be binding on the 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Any such modification or waiver may be contrary to the interest of one or more Noteholders and as a result the 
Notes may no longer meet the requirements or investment objectives of such Noteholder. 
A.6. Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
Euroclear Netherlands, investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication 
with FMO 
Notes may be represented by one or more Global Notes (as defined below). Such Global Notes will in the case of 
a CGN be deposited with (i) a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
agreed clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) with Euroclear Netherlands, and, in the case 
of an NGN, be deposited with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the 
circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. 
Because the Notes are represented by a Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only 
through Euroclear Netherlands, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable).  
While the Notes are represented by a Global Note, FMO will discharge its payment obligations under (a) CGNs 
by making payments via the Paying Agent (as defined below) to Euroclear Netherlands or to the common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; and (b) NGNs by making payments via the Paying Agent 
(as defined below) to or to the order of the common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, for 
distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures 
of Euroclear Netherlands, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. 
FMO has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial 
interests in the Global Notes. Any failure by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, to transfer payments under 
the Notes to investors could have a material adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant 
Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear 
Netherlands, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. There can be no assurance 
that procedures implemented for the granting of such proxies will be sufficient to enable investors to vote on any 
matters on a timely basis. Finally, in any claim or suit brought in the Dutch courts, holders of beneficial interests 
may be required to act through their relevant account holder prior to being granted standing to pursue a claim. 
A.7. Risk of no Eurosystem eligibility may lead to illiquidity and/or a lower market value

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
The New Global Note form has been introduced to allow for the possibility of debt instruments being issued and 
held in a manner which will permit them to be recognized as eligible collateral for monetary policy of the central 
banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem") and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem. 
Notes may be issued in New Global Note form with an intention to be held in a manner which will allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. However, it does not necessarily mean that such Notes will be recognized as eligible 
collateral for monetary policy of the Eurosystem and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. In any particular case, such recognition will depend upon satisfaction 
of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria at the relevant time and there can be no assurance the relevant Notes will be 
recognized or will continue to be recognized as such eligible collateral. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to whether the Notes meet such Eurosystem eligibility criteria and if the Notes do not meet such 
criteria, this could have an adverse impact on the liquidity and market value of such Notes.  
A.8. The Notes are governed by Dutch law and changes in the applicable law may impact the Notes in an adverse 
manner  
The conditions of the Notes are based on Dutch law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance 
can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Dutch, European or any other applicable 
laws, regulations or administrative practices (including, but not limited to, any such laws, regulations or practices 
relating to the tax treatment of the Notes) after the date of this Base Prospectus. Such changes in law may include, 
but are not limited to, the introduction of a variety of statutory resolution and loss-absorption tools which may 
affect the rights of holders of securities issued by the Issuer, including the Notes. Such tools may include the ability 
to write off or convert sums otherwise payable on such securities at a time when the Issuer is no longer considered 
viable by its regulator or upon the occurrence of another trigger. 
B. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
 
 
B.1. If the Issuer has the option to redeem any Notes, this may limit the market value of the Notes and, if any 
Notes are redeemed prior to their maturity, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in 
a manner which achieves the same effective return 
 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes or the perceived likelihood of its ability to redeem is increased, the market value of 
those Notes will generally not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be 
true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is 
lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of 
other investments available at that time. 
 
B.2. Definitive Notes where denominations involve integral multiples may be subject to minimum denomination 
considerations and holdings below such minimum denominations may not be convertible into definitive Notes 
(when issued) 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum denomination of the Notes 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (the "Specified Denomination") plus a higher integral multiple of 
another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of 
such minimum Specified Denominations (as defined in the Conditions). In such a case a Noteholder who, as a 
result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its 
account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such 
holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its 
holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
Therefore, if such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult 
to trade. 
B.3. The regulation and reform of 'benchmarks' may adversely affect the liquidity and value of, and return on, 
Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks".

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
Various benchmarks (including interest rate benchmarks such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") 
and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be 'benchmarks' are the subject of 
recent national and international regulatory reform. Some of these reforms are already effective, including the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation" and together with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the "Benchmarks 
Regulation"), whilst others are still to be implemented. Following the implementation of any such potential 
reforms, the manner of administration of benchmarks may change with result that they may perform or may be 
calculated differently than in the past, or benchmarks could cease to exist entirely, or there could be other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Under the Programme, the interest payable on the Notes can be 
determined by reference to such benchmarks. 
Under the Benchmarks Regulation, new requirements apply with respect to the provision of a wide range of 
benchmarks (including EURIBOR), the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark 
within the European Union and United Kingdom. In particular, the Benchmarks Regulation, among other things, 
(i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorized by or registered with regulators no later than 1 January 
2020 (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognized or endorsed) and that 
they must comply with a code of conduct designated primarily to ensure reliability of input data governing issues 
such as conflicts of interest, internal controls and benchmark methodologies and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU-
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorized by or registered with regulators (or, if 
non-EU-based, deemed equivalent or recognized or endorsed). 
These reforms and other pressures (including from regulatory authorities) may cause one or more benchmarks to 
disappear entirely, to perform differently than in the past (as a result of a change in methodology or otherwise), 
create disincentives for market participants to continue to administer or participate in certain benchmarks or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Moreover, any significant change to the setting or existence of 
EURIBOR or any other relevant benchmark could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the 
Notes and could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and amounts payable under, the Notes. 
An example of such benchmark reform was that the euro risk-free rate working group for the euro area has 
published a set of guiding principles and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, among other 
things, new euro dominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles 
indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust 
fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free 
rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. Such 
factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks (including EURIBOR): (i) 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such benchmark, (ii) triggering 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the 
benchmark. 
Investors should be aware that, if EURIBOR or any other benchmark were discontinued or otherwise 
(permanently) unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which reference EURIBOR or any other benchmark will 
be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions set out in Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) and/or 3(b)(ii)(D) 
applicable to such Notes.  
If Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) applies and the Issuer, in consultation with the Calculation Agent, determines at any time 
prior to, on or following any Reset Date or Interest Determination Date, that a Benchmark Event (as defined in 
Condition 3(b)(ii)(C)) has occurred in relation to the Notes, the Issuer may, as soon as reasonably practicable (and 
in any event prior to the next relevant Reset Date or Interest Determination Date) appoint a Rate Determination 
Agent (as defined in Condition 3(b)(ii)(C)) which may determine in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in 
consultation with the Issuer, a substitute, alternative or successor rate, as well as any necessary changes to the 
business day convention, the definition of business day, the reset date, the interest determination date, the day 
count fraction and any method for calculating the Replacement Reference Rate and/or any other Conditions (as 
defined in Condition 3(b)(ii)(C)), including any Adjustment Spread (as defined in Condition 3(b)(ii)(C)) or other 
adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the relevant Reference Rate, 
although there is no guarantee that such an Adjustment Spread or other adjustment factor will be determined or 
applied. See Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) for more information. 
If Condition 3(b)(ii)(D) applies and the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event (as defined in 
Condition 3(b)(ii)(D)) and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (as defined in Condition 3(b)(ii)(D)) have 
occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark (as defined in Condition 3(b)(ii)(D))  (including any daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof), the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavors, as soon as

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
reasonably practicable, to appoint an Independent Adviser (as defined in Condition 3(b)(ii)(D)) which will 
determine (in consultation with the Issuer) the Benchmark Replacement (including any Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment) which will replace the then-current Benchmark (or such component) for all purposes relating to the 
Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent Interest 
Determination Dates and in connection with the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement (as defined in 
Condition 3(b)(ii)(D)), the Independent Adviser, in consultation with the Issuer, will have the right to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (as defined in Condition 3(b)(ii)(D)) from time to time. See 
Condition 3(b)(ii)(D) for more information. 
The selection of a Replacement Reference Rate or Benchmark Replacement (including any Adjustment Spread or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment) and any decisions, determinations or elections made by in connection with 
implementing a Replacement Reference Rate or Benchmark Replacement with respect to the relevant Notes in 
accordance with the applicable benchmark transition provisions could adversely affect the rate of interest on such 
Notes, which could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for such Notes. There is no assurance that 
the characteristics of any Replacement Reference Rate or Benchmark Replacement will be similar to the originally 
applicable reference rate  (for example, where a forward looking term rate is replaced by a backwards looking 
overnight rate), or that any Replacement Reference Rate or Benchmark Replacement will produce the economic 
equivalent of the originally applicable reference rate as a reference rate for interest on such Notes and particular 
risks may arise where a reference rate is replaced because it is no longer representative whereas the Replacement 
Reference Rate or Benchmark Replacement may be lower than the originally applicable reference rate which may 
continue to be published. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and 
substitute reference rates and the involvement of a Rate Determination Agent or Independent Adviser, the relevant 
discontinuation provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
The Rate Determination Agent or Issuer may be considered an 'administrator' under the Benchmarks Regulation. 
This is the case if it is considered to be in control over the provision of the Replacement Reference Rate or 
Benchmark Replacement and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of the Replacement Reference Rate or 
Benchmark Replacement and any adjustments made thereto by the Rate Determination Agent or the Issuer and/or 
otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context of a fallback scenario. This would mean that 
the Rate Determination Agent or the Issuer (i) administers the arrangements for determining such rate, (ii) collects, 
analyses, or processes input data for the purposes of determining such rate and (iii) determines such rate through 
the application of a method of calculation or by an assessment of input data for that purpose. Furthermore, for the 
Rate Determination Agent or the Issuer to be considered an 'administrator' under the Benchmarks Regulation, the 
Replacement Reference Rate or the Benchmark Replacement and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of 
the Replacement Reference Rate or Benchmark Replacement and any adjustments made thereto by the Rate 
Determination Agent or the Issuer and/or such rate of interest otherwise determined in the context of a fallback 
scenario should be a benchmark (index) within the meaning of the Benchmarks Regulation. This may be the case 
if the Replacement Reference Rate or Benchmark Replacement and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis 
of the Replacement Reference Rate and any adjustments made thereto and/or such rate of interest as otherwise 
determined in the context of a fallback scenario, is published or made available to the public and regularly 
determined by the application of a method of calculation or by an assessment, and on the basis of certain values 
or surveys. The Benchmarks Regulation stipulates that each administrator of a benchmark regulated thereunder or 
the benchmark itself must be registered, authorized, recognized or endorsed, as applicable, in accordance with the 
Benchmarks Regulation. There is a risk that administrators (which may include the Rate Determination Agent or 
the Issuer in the circumstances as described above) of certain benchmarks will fail to obtain such registration, 
authorization, recognition or endorsement, preventing them from continuing to provide such benchmarks, or may 
otherwise choose to discontinue or no longer provide such benchmark. 
If the Rate Determination Agent or the Issuer is unable to or otherwise does not determine a Replacement 
Reference Rate under Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) or a Benchmark Replacement under Condition 3(b)(ii)(D), this could 
result under Conditions 3(a)(ii), 3(b)(ii) (A), (B) or (C) in the effective application of a fixed rate to what was 
previously a Fixed Rate Reset Note or Floating Rate Note based on the rate which applied in the previous period 
when the relevant Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate was available (as stated in the Final Terms in respect of a 
series of Notes). The effective application of a fixed rate to what was previously a Floating Rate Note could have 
a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes in particular in times or rising interest rates. 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and substitute reference rates and 
the involvement of a Rate Determination Agent (as defined in Condition 3(b)(ii)(C)) or Independent Adviser (as 
defined in Condition 3(b)(ii)(D)), the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
In addition, the Replacement Reference Rate or Benchmark Replacement may perform differently from the 
discontinued benchmark, which could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
Moreover, any significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability 
of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity 
of, and the amount payable under, the Notes. 
B.4. The market continues to develop in relation to the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and the euro short-term rate ("€STR") as reference rates for 
Floating Rate Notes and a lack of the development of an active market (or a significant development in market 
standard that are not reflected by the terms of the Notes) may adversely affect the liquidity of the Notes or their 
market value 
Interest on Notes which reference Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, SOFR Average or 
Compounded Daily €STR are only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant observation period or 
Interest Period (as applicable) and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for 
investors in Notes which reference Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, SOFR Average or 
Compounded Daily €STR to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and 
some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which 
could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. 
 
The manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates, SOFR reference rates or €STR reference rates 
in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any 
mismatch between the adoption of SONIA reference rates, SOFR reference rates or €STR reference rates across 
these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection 
with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily 
SOFR, SOFR Average or Compounded Daily €STR. Investors should consider these matters when making their 
investment decision with respect to any such Notes. 
 
Since SONIA, SOFR and €STR are relatively new market indices, Notes which reference Compounded Daily 
SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, SOFR Average or Compounded Daily €STR may have no established trading 
market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms 
for debt securities indexed to SONIA, SOFR or €STR such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate 
provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed 
debt securities as a result. Further, SONIA, SOFR or €STR does not prove to be widely used in securities like 
Notes which reference Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, SOFR Average or Compounded 
Daily €STR, the trading price of such Notes which reference Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily 
SOFR, SOFR Average or Compounded Daily €STR may be lower than those of Notes linked to indices that are 
more widely used. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such 
Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. There can also 
be no guarantee that SONIA, SOFR and/or €STR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner 
that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Notes which reference Compounded Daily SONIA, 
Compounded Daily SOFR, SOFR Average or Compounded Daily €STR (as applicable). If the manner in which 
SONIA, SOFR and/or €STR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of 
interest payable on such Notes and the trading prices of such Notes. 
 
B.5. Risks relating to SOFR benchmark transition 
If Condition 3(b)(ii)(D) (Benchmark Discontinuation (ARRC Fallbacks)) is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms for Floating Rate Notes, and the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any determination 
of the Benchmark on any date, the Issuer will appoint an Independent Adviser (as defined in Condition 3(b)(ii)(D)) 
to determine (in consultation with the Issuer) the Benchmark Replacement in accordance with the benchmark 
transition provisions described in Condition 3(b)(ii)(D). After such an event, interest on the relevant Notes will no 
longer be determined by reference to the Benchmark, but instead will be determined in accordance with the 
benchmark transition provisions described in Condition 3(b)(ii)(D).  
The selection of a Benchmark Replacement, and any decisions, determinations or elections made by the Issuer in 
connection with implementing a Benchmark Replacement with respect to the relevant Notes in accordance with 
the benchmark transition provisions, including with respect to Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
could adversely affect the rate of interest on such Notes, which could adversely affect the return on, value of and

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
market for such Notes. Further, there is no assurance that the characteristics of any Benchmark Replacement will 
be similar to the Benchmark, or that any Benchmark Replacement will produce the economic equivalent of the 
Benchmark as a reference rate for interest on such Notes. 
The Conditions of the Notes, as further described in Condition 3(b)(ii)(D), provides for a "waterfall" of alternative 
rates to be used to determine the rate of interest on the relevant Notes if a Benchmark Transition Event and related 
Benchmark Replacement Date occur.  
The future performance of SOFR cannot be predicted based on the limited historical performance. Levels of SOFR 
following the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date may bear 
little or no relation to the historical actual or historical indicative data. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the 
behavior of market variables and their relation to SOFR, such as correlations, may change in the future. While, as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, some pre-publication historical data have been released by the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, such analysis inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. The future 
performance of SOFR is impossible to predict and therefore no future performance of SOFR may be inferred from 
any of the historical actual or historical indicative data. Hypothetical or historical performance data are not 
indicative of, and have no bearing on, the potential performance of SOFR. 
The additional alternative rates referenced in the definition of "Benchmark Replacement" in Condition 3(b)(ii)(D) 
also are uncertain. Regardless the availability of the ISDA Fallback Rate, which is the rate referenced in the ISDA 
Definitions at the time of a Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date, the ISDA 
Definitions and the ISDA Fallback Rate may change over time. If each alternative rate referenced in the definition 
of "Benchmark Replacement" is unavailable or indeterminable, the Independent Adviser, in consultation with the 
Issuer, will determine the Benchmark Replacement that will apply to the relevant Notes. The substitution of a 
Benchmark Replacement for a reference rate may adversely affect the value of and return on the relevant Notes. 
B.6. The interest rate on Fixed Rate Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect 
future interest payments on an investment in Fixed Rate Reset Notes and could affect the market value of Fixed 
Rate Reset Notes 
 
Fixed Rate Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Interest Rate until (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) 
thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the Reset Margin as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a 
"Subsequent Reset Rate"). The Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Interest 
Rate or the Subsequent Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in 
the Fixed Rate Reset Notes. 
B.7. Partly Paid Notes require investors to pay the issue price in more than one instalment, and failure to pay 
any instalment results in the investor losing all of the payable interest payments  
 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Failure to pay any 
subsequent instalment would result in the investor not being entitled to interest on the Notes and could result in an 
investor losing all of its investment in the Notes under which such investor so failed to pay. 
B.8. Dual Currency Notes are volatile investments which are particularly susceptible to disadvantageous 
changes in exchange rates and holders may receive payment in other currencies than expected 
 
FMO may issue Notes with Specified Denominations of at least EUR 100,000, with interest or principal payable 
in one or more currencies which may be different from the Specified Currency, i.e. the currency in which the Notes 
are denominated ("Dual Currency Note"). A prospective investor should be aware that Dual Currency Notes that 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile and that, due to the difference in currency, the interest or principal 
may be subject to disadvantageous changes in exchange rates, and it may receive payment in a currency other than 
the currency in which it expects to be paid. Investors who intend to convert gains or losses from the redemption, 
exercise or sale of Currency Linked Notes into their home currency may be affected by fluctuations in the exchange 
rates between their home currency and the relevant currency. 
B.9. Currency Linked Notes are volatile investments which are particularly susceptible to disadvantageous 
changes in exchange rates

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
FMO may issue a Note (i) bearing interest of which the amount payable is calculated by reference to a single 
currency rate of exchange or basket of currency rates of exchange as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
("Currency Linked Interest Note") and (ii) with principal of which the amount payable is calculated by reference 
to a single currency rate of exchange or basket of currency rates of exchange as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms ("Currency Linked Redemption Note" and, together with a Currency Linked Interest Note, a "Currency 
Linked Note"). The applicable currency rate(s) of exchange may be different from the currency in which the Notes 
are denominated. 
Currency Linked Notes have a different risk profile to ordinary debt securities. Fluctuations in exchange rates of 
the relevant currency (or basket of currencies) will affect the nature and value of the investment return on the 
Currency Linked Notes. The market price of such Notes may be volatile and, may depend upon the time remaining 
to the redemption date and the volatility of currency exchange rates. Movements in currency exchange rates may 
be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates or other indices and the 
timing of changes in the exchange rates may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is 
consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in currency exchange rates, the greater the 
effect on yield. 
The performance of currency values is dependent upon the supply and demand for currencies in the international 
foreign exchange markets, which are subject to economic factors, including inflation rates in the countries 
concerned, speculation and measures taken by governments and central banks, regardless of other market forces. 
Where the Currency Linked Notes are denominated in an emerging market currency or linked to one or more 
emerging market currencies, such emerging market currency or currencies can experience significantly more 
volatility and less certainty with respect to their future levels or the rate of exchange against other currencies than 
currencies or more developed markets. Emerging market currencies are highly exposed to the risk of a currency 
crisis happening in the future and this could trigger the need for the Calculation Agent to make adjustments to the 
Conditions of the Notes. 
If in respect of Currency Linked Notes the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event (as 
defined in Condition 6(b)) has occurred or is continuing, then, if the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable 
to determine the relevant rate(s) of exchange, the Issuer may either require the Calculation Agent to make such 
adjustments to the Conditions as it considers appropriate to account for any such Market Disruption Event and 
determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective or give notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 and redeem all, but not some only, of the Currency Linked Notes, at the Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(g)). 
Investors who intend to convert gains or losses from the redemption, exercise or sale of Currency Linked Notes 
into their home currency may be affected by fluctuations in the exchange rates between their home currency and 
the relevant currency (or basket of currencies).  
C. Risks related to ESG Bonds (as defined below) 
C.1. No assurance that ESG Bonds will satisfy any investor requirements or expectations 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme where an amount equivalent to the net proceeds is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms to be used for the financing and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, of specified "green", 
"social" or "sustainability" projects of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries, in accordance with certain prescribed 
eligibility criteria as described in the "Use of Proceeds" section below and as in such case shall be set out in item 
4(i) of Part B (Reasons for the offer) of the applicable Final Terms (any Notes which have such a specified use of 
proceeds are referred to as "ESG Bonds"). 
As described in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from 
any issue of ESG Bonds to advance loans to FMO's customers on a targeted basis for the purposes of the financing 
and/or refinancing by such customers of assets, projects and expenditures with a positive sustainability impact, 
which may include sustainable, environmental, green and/or social projects, and which meet the relevant eligibility 
criteria (together, "Eligible Sustainable Projects"), in line with any sustainability framework(s) that FMO may 
publish from time to time (the "ESG Framework"), and/or which the Issuer expects will substantially adhere to 
the Green Bond Principles, the Social Bond Principles and/or the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (as applicable) 
as published by the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) from time to time (together, the "ICMA 
Principles"). However, as the ICMA Principles may change over time, there is a possibility that the Eligible 
Sustainable Projects and the ESG Framework may no longer (fully) align with the ICMA Principles in the future.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
(See also 'No formal or consensus definition of a 'sustainable' (or similar) security and whether it will satisfy the 
criteria set out under the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy or meet investor expectations in relation thereto' 
below). For the avoidance of doubt, the ESG Framework will not be, and shall not be deemed to be, incorporated 
in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance can, therefore, be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that the use of such amounts 
advanced by the Issuer to customers for the purposes of financing or refinancing any projects which the Issuer has 
identified as Eligible Sustainable Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own 
by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, green, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any 
Eligible Sustainable Projects. Any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, the investment requirements of certain 
environmentally focused investors with respect to such Notes may affect the value and/or trading price of the ESG 
Bonds. 
C.2. No formal or consensus definition of a 'sustainable' (or similar) security and whether it will satisfy the 
criteria set out under the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy or meet investor expectations in relation thereto  
The ICMA Principles are a set of voluntary guidelines that recommend transparency and disclosure and promote 
integrity in the development of the green bond market. While the ICMA Principles provide a high-level framework, 
there is currently no clearly defined legal, regulatory or other definition of a "sustainable note" or market consensus 
as to what attributes are required for a particular asset or project to be classified as 'green', 'environmental', 
'sustainable', 'social' or any similar label, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus 
will develop over time. A basis for the determination of such a definition has been established in the EU with the 
publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the "Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation") on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy"). 
The EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the 
European Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental 
objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. A proposal for a Regulation to create a 
"European Green Bond Standard" was published by the European Commission on 6 July 2021 (the "European 
Green Bond Standard Proposal"). On 28 February 2023, the Council announced that a provisional agreement 
was reached with the European Parliament in relation hereto (the "European Green Bond Standard Provisional 
Agreement"). The Issuer actively monitors any developments in relation to the above. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that the eligibility criteria 
for Eligible Sustainable Projects will satisfy any requisite criteria determined under the European Green Bond 
Standard Proposal, the European Green Bond Standard Provisional Agreement, the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation or within the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy at any time, or that any regime implemented in the 
United Kingdom (if any) for issuing 'green', 'environmental', 'sustainable' or other equivalently-labelled securities 
will align with the European (or any other) framework for such securities and, as a result, the Eligibility Criteria 
for Eligible Sustainable Projects may not meet investor expectations with respect to such criteria. Any failure to 
meet, or to continue to meet, such criteria may have an adverse reputational effect on FMO and the marketability 
of the ESG Bonds. 
C.3. No assurance that Eligible Sustainable Projects will be completed or meet their objectives 
There can be no assurance that any Eligible Sustainable Projects will be completed within any specified period or 
at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated 
by the Issuer when making its assessment whether or not to apply any proceeds of ESG Bonds (or amounts equal 
thereto) to such Eligible Sustainable Project. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers to investors in ESG Bonds 
that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Sustainable Projects will meet any or all investor 
objectives regarding such 'green', 'environmental', 'sustainable', 'social' or other equivalently-labelled performance 
objectives or that any adverse environmental, green, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Sustainable Projects. Any failure 
to meet these objectives may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green,

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
social and sustainable assets. The inability of any of the designated Eligible Sustainable Projects to meet investor’s 
sustainable investing expectations or objectives may have an adverse reputational effect on FMO and the 
marketability of the ESG Bonds.  
C.4. No assurance that ESG Bonds will be admitted to trading on any dedicated sustainable (or similar) segment 
of any stock exchange or market, or that any admission obtained will be maintained 
If any ESG Bonds are listed or admitted to trading or otherwise displayed on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers 
or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or 
its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its 
own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any 
Eligible Sustainable Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to 
trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance 
given or made by the Issuer or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in 
respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during 
the life of the ESG Bonds. Any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, such listing or admission to trading criteria 
may affect the marketability, value and/or trading price of the ESG Bonds. 
C.5. No obligation on the Arranger or Dealers to verify Eligible Sustainable Projects or monitor the use of 
proceeds of ESG Bonds 
Neither the Issuer, the Arranger nor the Dealers make any representation as to the suitability for any purpose of 
any Second Party Opinion or whether any ESG Bonds fulfil the relevant environmental criteria. Prospective 
investors should have regard to the Eligible Sustainable Projects or activities and eligibility criteria described in 
the relevant Final Terms. Each potential purchaser of any Tranche of ESG Bonds should determine for itself the 
relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and in the relevant Final Terms regarding the use 
of proceeds and its purchase of any ESG Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. 
No Dealer shall be responsible for monitoring the use of proceeds of any Notes.  
Any failure of the use of proceeds of the ESG Bonds to satisfy the terms of any Second Party Opinion and/or to 
be applied to the stated Eligible Sustainable Projects, will not (i) give rise to any claim or right (including the right 
to accelerate the ESG Bonds) of a Noteholder against the Issuer (or the Arranger or any Dealer), (ii) constitute an 
Event of Default under any ESG Bond or a breach or violation of any term thereof, or constitute a default by the 
Issuer for any other purpose, (iii) lead to a right or obligation of the Issuer to redeem any ESG Bond or give any 
Noteholder the right to require redemption of its Notes, (iv) affect the qualification of such ESG Bonds which are 
also Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) as Tier 2 Notes or as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities (as applicable) or have an impact on their status and ranking as specified in Condition 2 of the 
Conditions of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes respectively the Subordinated Notes or (v) result in any step-up or 
increased payments of interest, principal or any other amounts in respect of any ESG Bonds or otherwise affect 
the Conditions. If the ESG Bonds do not fulfill the relevant investor investment criteria, investing expectations or 
objectives, this may (x) have an adverse reputational effect on FMO and the marketability of the ESG Bonds, (y) 
have a material adverse effect on the value of such ESG Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Notes 
which are intended to finance the Issuer's lending for Eligible Sustainable Projects and/or (z) result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose 
(including, without limitation, if such investors are required to dispose of their ESG Bonds as a result of such 
Notes not meeting any investment criteria or objectives set by or for such investor, which could lead to increased 
volatility and/or material decreases in the market price of ESG Bonds).  
C.6. ESG Bonds may be subject to bail-in and resolution measures provided by the BRRD 
Investors should also be aware that ESG Bonds qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities, will be fully subject 
to the application of CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
instruments. As set out above, the Issuer only intends to allocate an amount equal to the proceeds from ESG Bonds, 
including those qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities, to Eligible Sustainable Projects and proceeds from 
such ESG Bonds should cover all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer regardless of their "green", "social" or

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
"sustainable" label. The remedies available to holders of Tier 2 Notes or as Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities apply equally to ESG Bonds qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities and the enforcement rights 
of Noteholders in respect of such ESG Bonds are limited (also see the risk factors 'The Subordinated Notes 
constitute subordinated liabilities of the Issuer which rank junior to most of the Issuer's liabilities in bankruptcy 
and in bail-in' and 'Holders of Subordinated Notes have limited rights to accelerate'). In particular, investors 
should be aware that ESG Bonds may also be subject to the resolution tools granted to the competent authority 
under the BRRD in circumstances where the Issuer fails or is likely to fail in the same way as any other Notes 
issued under the Programme. Please also refer to the interdependent risk factor 'The rights of the holders of the 
Notes may be directly or indirectly affected as a result of the exercise by the competent resolution authority of the 
bail-in tool or other recovery or resolution power or Intervention Measures in respect of the Issuer' below for 
further information in connection with actions that can be taken or measures that can be applied by resolution 
authorities in respect of FMO. The application of such bail-in tool or other recovery or resolution power or 
Intervention Measures may result in investors losing all or some of their investment in the Notes (including in any 
ESG Bonds).  
C.7. No assurance of suitability or reliability of any second party opinion 
The ESG Framework has been assessed by a third party rating agency (see 'Use of Proceeds - External Review' 
for more information on the assessments of the third party rating agency). However, no assurance or representation 
is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion, certification or report of any third party, (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of any ESG Bonds and/or any sustainability framework established by the 
Issuer, and in particular with any Eligible Sustainable Projects to fulfil any environmental, green, sustainability, 
social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification will not be, and shall not 
be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, 
and should not be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any ESG 
Bonds. Any such opinion or certification will only be current as of the date on which that opinion is initially issued. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment 
in any ESG Bonds. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not 
subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. However, pursuant to the European Green Bond 
Standard Proposal, providers of such opinions would be required to be registered and supervised by ESMA in the 
future. Furthermore, Noteholders will have no recourse against the provider of the second party opinion. Investors 
could be informed incorrectly, which may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in green, social and sustainable assets. This may have a material adverse effect on the value of such ESG 
Bonds and/or the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance the Issuer's lending for Eligible 
Sustainable Projects. 
D. Risks applicable to Subordinated Notes 
D.1. The Subordinated Notes constitute subordinated liabilities of the Issuer which rank junior to most of the 
Issuer's liabilities in bankruptcy and in bail-in 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme which are subordinated to the extent described in Condition 2(c) 
of the Conditions. 
Any such Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. The rights and claims of the holders of the Subordinated Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons are 
subordinated as described in Condition 2(c) of the Conditions. 
Subject to the exceptions provided by mandatory applicable law (including as provided pursuant to Section 212rf 
of the Dutch Bankruptcy Code (Faillissementswet)), the rights and claims (if any) of the holders of the 
Subordinated Notes to payment under the Subordinated Notes in respect of the principal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes shall in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer rank pari passu 
without preference among themselves subordinated to (in accordance with Section 212rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy 
Act (Faillissementswet)) (i) any present and future claims of depositors, (ii) any present and future unsubordinated 
claims with respect to the repayment of borrowed money (including any Statutory Non-Preferred Obligations), 
(iii) the claims of creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) of the CRR, 
(iv) any other present and future unsubordinated claims, (v) any MREL Eligible Liabilities, (vi) any Subordinated 
Notes no longer intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes and (vii) any other subordinated or unsubordinated claims that

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
do not result from an own funds item as referred to in point (118) of Article 4(1) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, 
as amended. 
 
In the case resolution proceedings are commenced in respect of the Issuer in accordance with the Applicable 
Resolution Framework, the aforementioned ranking in the event of bankruptcy will in principle be followed, in a 
reverse order, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to a holder of Subordinated Notes and related Coupons and/or Receipts 
relating to the Subordinated Notes will, in the event of the liquidation or bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer, 
only be made after all claims in respect of any senior obligations (as described above) have been satisfied in full. 
Accordingly, prospective investors in Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme should note that, in the 
event of the Issuer's liquidation or bankruptcy (faillissement), the Issuer would generally expect investors in 
Subordinated Notes to lose their entire investment before losses are imposed on holders of any preferred and senior 
obligations of the Issuer (including the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated 
Notes and the related Coupons and Receipts). 
D.2. There are no restrictions to issue pari passu or senior liabilities  
The Conditions of the Notes do not limit or restrict the amount of securities which the Issuer may issue and which 
rank senior or pari passu in priority of payments with the Subordinated Notes or other liabilities incurred or 
assumed by the Issuer from time to time. The issue of any such securities may reduce the amount recoverable the 
holders of Subordinated Notes and related Coupons and/or Receipts in a liquidation or bankruptcy (faillissement) 
of the Issuer. Accordingly, in the liquidation or bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer and after payment of the 
claims of senior creditors and of depositors, there may not be a sufficient amount to satisfy the amounts owing to 
the holders of the Subordinated Notes and the related Coupons and/or Receipts. 
D.3. Holders of Subordinated Notes have no rights of set-off in respect of such Notes 
No holder of Subordinated Notes and related Coupons and/or Receipts may at any time exercise or claim any right 
of set-off or netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the 
Subordinated Notes and related Coupons and Receipts. This means that holders of such Notes will not be able to 
set-off or net any claims under such Notes against obligations owed by them to the Issuer, even when the Issuer is 
not able to perform which could result in losses compared to the situation where they had been able to set off their 
obligations against amounts due on such Notes. To the extent that any Noteholder, Couponholder or Receiptholder 
nevertheless claims a right of set-off or netting in respect of any such amount, whether by operation of law or 
otherwise, and irrespective of whether the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such holder shall 
immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount which purportedly has been set off or netted 
(such a transfer, a "Set-off Repayment") and no rights can be derived from the relevant Subordinated Notes, 
Coupons or Receipts until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off Repayment and accordingly any such 
set-off or netting shall be deemed not to have taken place. Irrespective of any other set-off or netting agreement 
providing otherwise, the (im)possibility of any set-off or netting by a Noteholder, Couponholder or Receiptholder 
shall be exclusively governed by Dutch law. 
D.4. Holders of Subordinated Notes have limited rights to accelerate 
The rights of holders of Subordinated Notes and related Coupons and/or Receipts are limited in certain respects. 
In particular, (i) redemption of Subordinated Notes pursuant to Conditions 5(b), 5(c) and 5(f) of the Conditions 
may only be effected after the Issuer has obtained the written permission of the Competent Authority, and (ii) the 
Issuer must obtain the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority before effecting any repayment of 
Subordinated Notes in the event of the liquidation or bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer. See Conditions 5(b), 
5(c) and 5(f) and Condition 9(b) of the Conditions. 
The Conditions of the Notes do not provide for events of default allowing acceleration of the Subordinated Notes 
if certain events occur. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any interest payment or other obligation under the 
Subordinated Notes, such failure will not give the holders of Subordinated Notes any right to accelerate repayment 
of the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes. In accordance with Condition 9(b) of the Conditions, in the 
case of the liquidation or bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer (other than done in connection with a merger, 
consolidation or other form of combination with another company and such company assumes all obligations 
contracted by the Issuer in connection with the Subordinated Notes), the holder of any Subordinated Note and any 
related Coupons and/or Receipts shall have a claim which ranks as provided in Condition 2(c).

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
Holders of Subordinated Notes and related Coupons and/or Receipts may not themselves petition for the 
bankruptcy of the Issuer or for its liquidation, winding-up, moratorium or dissolution. Save as provided above, the 
sole remedy available to the holders of Subordinated Notes and related Coupons and/or Receipts shall be to 
institute proceedings against the Issuer to demand specific performance (nakoming eisen) of any such obligation 
of the Issuer under or arising from such Subordinated Notes or the related Coupons and/or Receipts, including, 
without limitation, payment of any principal or premium or satisfaction of any interest payments in respect of the 
Notes or the related Coupons and/or receipts, in each case when not satisfied for a period of 30 or more days after 
the date on which such payment is due, but in no event shall the Issuer, by virtue of the institution of any such 
proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums, in cash or otherwise, sooner than the same would otherwise have 
been payable by it. 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as referred to in Condition 9(b) of the Conditions, shall be available to 
the holders of Subordinated Notes and related Coupons and/or Receipts, whether for the recovery of amounts 
owing in respect of the Subordinated Notes or the Coupons and/Receipts or in respect of any breach by the Issuer 
of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Subordinated Notes, the Coupons or the Receipts. 
D.5. The qualification of the Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 capital or MREL Eligible Liabilities (as applicable) 
is subject to uncertainty and may cause the Issuer to redeem, vary or substitute such Notes following the 
occurrence of a Capital Event, respectively an MREL Disqualification Event 
If "Regulatory Call" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Event (as defined in Condition 5(f) of the Conditions) or an MREL Disqualification Event 
(as defined in Condition 5(e) of the Conditions) redeem the Subordinated Notes, in whole but not in part, at any 
time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the holders of the Subordinated Notes, 
or such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 13 of the 
Conditions, provided that redemption upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event may not take place 
unless a Capital Event has occurred and is continuing.  
Redemption of the Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms to be intended as Tier 2 Notes is subject to (i) the 
prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority (including pursuant to Article 77 CRR) and (ii) the Issuer 
demonstrating to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that it meets the conditions therefor (including those 
of Article 78 CRR), which may include requiring the replacement of the Notes with own funds instruments of 
equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer.  
Redemption of the Subordinated Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities (as defined in Condition 5(e) of the Conditions) prior to the MREL Disqualification Event is 
subject to (i) the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority and (ii) compliance with any other pre-
conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or 
the Applicable MREL Regulations (as defined in Condition 5(e) of the Conditions) at such time.  
Subject to the above, the Issuer will redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance with the Conditions at the Early 
Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
An MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of Subordinated Notes if as a result 
of a change in any Applicable MREL Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Subordinated Notes, the Subordinated 
Notes will be fully excluded or partially excluded from the Issuer's MREL Eligible Liabilities determined in 
accordance with, and pursuant to, the Applicable MREL Regulations, provided that an MREL Disqualification 
Event shall not occur where such exclusion of the relevant Subordinated Notes in whole or in part from the Issuer's 
MREL Eligible Liabilities is due to (i) the remaining maturity of the Subordinated Notes being less than any period 
prescribed by the Applicable MREL Regulations effective with respect to the Issuer or (ii) any applicable limits 
on the amount of MREL Eligible Liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the MREL Requirement (as defined in 
Condition 5(e) of the Conditions). 
A Capital Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of Subordinated Notes if there is change in the 
regulatory classification of a Subordinated Notes that has resulted or would be likely to result in the Subordinated 
Notes being excluded, in whole but not in part, from the Tier 2 capital of the Issuer or reclassified as a lower 
quality form of own funds of the Issuer, which change in regulatory classification (or reclassification) (i) becomes 
effective on or after the Issue Date and, if redeemed within five years after the Issue Date, (ii) is considered by the 
Competent Authority to be sufficiently certain and (iii) was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance 
as demonstrated by the Issuer to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority as required by Article 78(4) CRR.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
See also the risk factor "If the Issuer has the option to redeem any Notes, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes and, if any Notes are redeemed prior to their maturity, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in a manner which achieves the same effective return" above for the risks associated with optional 
redemption features. 
If "Substitution or Variation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Event or an MREL Disqualification Event, subject to the prior (written) permission of the 
Competent Authority, at its option and at any time substitute the Subordinated Notes, in whole but not in part, or 
vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Subordinated Notes, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders, in such a way that: 
(i) 
in the case of the occurrence of a Capital Event, the Subordinated Notes remain or, as appropriate, become 
compliant with (i) CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time 
and (ii) the requirements of the Competent Authority in relation to Tier 2 capital and (ii) the then current 
requirements of the Competent Authority in relation to Tier 2 capital at the relevant time; and 
(ii) 
in the case of the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event, the Subordinated Notes remain qualified 
or, as appropriate, become qualified as MREL Eligible Liabilities, 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders, or such other period of 
notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 13. The Conditions of such 
varied or substituted Subordinated Notes may have Conditions that contain one or more provisions that are 
substantially different from the Conditions of the original Subordinated Notes. However, the variation or 
substitution shall not result in terms that are materially less favorable to the interests of the Noteholders (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer). Following such variation or substitution, the resulting Notes shall (1) have 
a ranking at least equal to that of the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution, (2) 
have at least the same interest rate and the same interest payment dates as those from time to time applying to the 
Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution, (3) have the same Maturity Date and 
redemption rights as Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution, (4) preserve any 
existing rights under the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution to any accrued 
interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the interest payment date last 
preceding the date of variation or substitution, (5) have assigned (or maintain) the same credit ratings as were 
assigned to the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution and (6) be listed on a 
recognized stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes prior to such variation or substitution were listed. See 
Condition 5(f) of the Conditions for further details. 
Any substitution or variation of the Subordinated Notes is subject to compliance with any other pre-conditions to, 
or requirements applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or CRD or such 
other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer or Applicable MREL Regulations at the relevant time. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the Competent Authority has discretion as to whether or not it will permit any such 
substitution or variation of the Subordinated Notes. 
E. Risks applicable to Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
E.1. Senior Non-Preferred Notes are a new class of securities which rank junior to most of the Issuer's liabilities 
(other than subordinated liabilities) in bankruptcy and in bail-in  
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes that the Issuer may issue under the Programme, and the relative Coupons will, to 
the extent described in Condition 2(b) of the Conditions and the related Receipts and Coupons constitute unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which have a lower ranking within the meaning of Article 212rb of 
the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing Article 108 of Directive 
2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in the Netherlands) (“Statutory Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations”) and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and with all other present and future 
obligations of the Issuer qualifying as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, save for those obligations 
preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law.  
Whilst Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes both share the 'senior' designation under the 
Programme, in a bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the related Coupons 
and Receipts will rank junior to the Senior Preferred Notes (which, in turn, rank junior to obligations of the Issuer 
which are by law given priority over the Senior Preferred Notes) and other unsecured and unsubordinated 
liabilities. By virtue of such ranking, payments to the Noteholders, Couponholders and Receiptholders will, in the

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
event of the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer, only be made after all claims in respect of unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which do not qualify as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, 
including the claims of creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer Pursuant to Article 72a(2) of the 
CRR, and those obligations preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law have been satisfied in full. 
Accordingly, prospective investors in Notes issued under the Programme should note that, in the event of the 
Issuer's bankruptcy (faillissement), the Issuer would generally expect investors in Senior Non-Preferred Notes to 
lose their entire investment before losses are imposed on holders of the Senior Preferred Notes and the related 
Coupons and Receipts and the beneficiaries of all present and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer which do not qualify as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations.  
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any other statutory senior non-preferred obligations (niet-preferente niet-
achtergestelde schuld) of the Issuer are designed to contribute towards the Issuer's MREL Eligible Liabilities' for 
the purposes of its MREL Requirement. See also the risk factor "The rights of the holders of the Notes may be 
directly or indirectly affected as a result of the exercise by the competent resolution authority of the bail-in tool or 
other recovery or resolution power or Intervention Measures in respect of the Issuer" above. Any resolution action 
taken in respect of the Issuer would generally be expected to respect the relative ranking of its obligations as 
described above, with losses imposed on lower-ranking obligations before losses are imposed on higher-ranking 
obligations. Accordingly, if the MREL calibration is accurate, it may be the case that, in a resolution, investors in 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may lose all or substantially all of their investment whilst investors in the Senior 
Preferred Notes suffer lower (or no) losses (although there can be no assurance that investors in the Senior 
Preferred Notes will not also suffer substantial losses). The market value of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may 
therefore be more severely adversely affected and/or more volatile if the Issuer's financial condition deteriorates 
than the market value of the Senior Preferred Notes. Accordingly, although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay 
a higher rate of interest than Senior Preferred Notes, holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may bear 
significantly more risk than holders of the Senior Preferred Notes (notwithstanding that both share the 'senior' 
designation under the Programme). Investors should ensure they understand the relative ranking of Notes issued 
under the Programme – including as between the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the 
Subordinated Notes – and the risks consequent thereon, before investing in any Notes.  
E.2. There are no restrictions to issue pari passu or senior liabilities 
The Conditions of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes do not limit or restrict the amount of securities which the Issuer 
may issue and which rank senior or pari passu in priority of payments with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
other liabilities incurred or assumed by the Issuer from time to time. The issue of any such securities may reduce 
the amount recoverable by holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and related Coupons and/or Receipts in the 
bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer. Accordingly, in the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer and after 
payment of the claims of senior creditors and of depositors, there may not be a sufficient amount to satisfy the 
amounts owing to the holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the related Coupons and Receipts. 
E.3. Holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes have no rights of set-off in respect of such Notes 
No holder of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and related Coupons and/or Receipts may at any time exercise or claim 
any right of set-off or netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and related Coupons and Receipts. This means that holders of such Notes will not 
be able to set-off or net any claims under such Notes against obligations owed by them to the Issuer, even when 
the Issuer is not able to perform which could result in losses compared to the situation where they had been able 
to set off their obligations against amounts due on such Notes. To the extent that any Noteholder, Couponholder 
or Receiptholder nevertheless claims a right of set-off or netting in respect of any such amount, whether by 
operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of whether the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable 
law, such holder shall immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount which purportedly has 
been set off or netted (such a transfer, a "Set-off Repayment") and no rights can be derived from the relevant 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Coupons or Receipts until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off 
Repayment and accordingly any such set-off or netting shall be deemed not to have taken place. Irrespective of 
any other set-off or netting agreement providing otherwise, the (im)possibility of any set-off or netting by a 
Noteholder, Couponholder or Receiptholder shall be exclusively governed by Dutch law. 
E.4. Holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes have limited rights to accelerate 
The rights of holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and related Coupons and/or Receipts are limited in certain 
respects. In particular, (i) redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes pursuant to Conditions 5(b), 5(c) and 5(e) of 
the Conditions may only be effected after the Issuer has obtained the written permission of the Competent

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
Authority, and (ii) the Issuer must obtain the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority before effecting 
any repayment of Senior Non-Preferred Notes in the event of the liquidation or bankruptcy (faillissement) of the 
Issuer. See Conditions 5(b), 5(c) and 5(e) and Condition 9(b) of the Conditions. 
The Conditions of the Notes do not provide for events of default allowing acceleration of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes if certain events occur. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any interest payment or other obligation under 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, such failure will not give the holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes any right to 
accelerate repayment of the principal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. In accordance with Condition 
9(b) of the Conditions, in the case of the liquidation or bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer (other than done in 
connection with a merger, consolidation or other form of combination with another company and such company 
assumes all obligations contracted by the Issuer in connection with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes), the holder of 
any Senior Non-Preferred Note and any related Coupons and/or Receipts shall have a claim which ranks as 
provided in Condition 2(b). 
Holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and related Coupons and/or Receipts may not themselves petition for the 
bankruptcy of the Issuer or for its liquidation, winding-up, moratorium or dissolution. Save as provided above, the 
sole remedy available to the holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and related Coupons and/or Receipts shall be 
to institute proceedings against the Issuer to demand specific performance (nakoming eisen) of any such obligation 
of the Issuer under or arising from such Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the related Coupons and/or Receipts, 
including, without limitation, payment of any principal or premium or satisfaction of any interest payments in 
respect of the Notes or the related Coupons and/or receipts, in each case when not satisfied for a period of 30 or 
more days after the date on which such payment is due, but in no event shall the Issuer, by virtue of the institution 
of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums, in cash or otherwise, sooner than the same would 
otherwise have been payable by it. 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as referred to in Condition 9(b) of the Conditions, shall be available to 
the holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and related Coupons and/or Receipts, whether for the recovery of 
amounts owing in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Coupons and/Receipts or in respect of any 
breach by the Issuer of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the 
Coupons or the Receipts. 
E.5. The qualification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities is subject to uncertainty 
and may cause the Issuer to redeem, vary or substitute such Notes following the occurrence of an MREL 
Disqualification Event 
The Issuer intends that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities (as defined in 
Condition 5(e) of the Conditions) which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (as defined in Condition 
5(e) of the Conditions) (however called or defined by the Applicable MREL Regulations (as defined in Condition 
5(e) of the Conditions) then applicable) of the Issuer. However, there is uncertainty regarding the final substance 
of the Applicable MREL Regulations and how those regulations, once enacted, are to be interpreted and applied 
and the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be (or thereafter remain) 
MREL Eligible Liabilities.  
In particular, if "Regulatory Call" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may upon the 
occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event redeem the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in whole but not in part, 
at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders, or such other 
period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 13.  
Subject to the above, the Issuer will redeem the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with the Conditions at 
the Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
An MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes if as 
a result of a change in any Applicable MREL Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation 
thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be fully excluded or partially excluded from the Issuer's MREL Eligible 
Liabilities determined in accordance with, and pursuant to, the Applicable MREL Regulations, provided that an 
MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where such exclusion of the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes in 
whole or in part from the Issuer's MREL Eligible Liabilities is due to (i) the remaining maturity of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes being less than any period prescribed by the Applicable MREL Regulations effective with respect

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
to the Issuer or (ii) any applicable limits on the amount of MREL Eligible Liabilities permitted or allowed to meet 
the MREL Requirement (as defined in Condition 5(e) of the Conditions). 
See also the risk factor 'If the Issuer has the option to redeem any Notes, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes and, if any Notes are redeemed prior to their maturity, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in a manner which achieves the same effective return' above for the risks associated with optional 
redemption features. 
If "Substitution or Variation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may upon the 
occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event, at its option and at any time substitute the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, in whole but not in part, or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders they remain qualified or, as appropriate, 
become qualified as MREL Eligible Liabilities on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice 
to the Noteholders, or such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with 
Condition 13.  
The Conditions of such varied or substituted Senior Non-Preferred Notes may have Conditions that contain one or 
more provisions that are substantially different from the Conditions of the original Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
However, the variation or substitution shall not result in terms that are materially less favorable to the interests of 
the Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer). Following such variation or substitution, the resulting 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall (1) have a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution, (2) have at least the same interest rate and the same interest 
payment dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes immediately prior to such 
variation or substitution, (3) have the same Maturity Date and redemption rights as Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution, (4) preserve any existing rights under the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect 
of the period from (and including) the interest payment date last preceding the date of variation or substitution, (5) 
have assigned (or maintain) the same credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution and (6) be listed on a recognized stock exchange if the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes prior to such variation or substitution were listed. See Condition 5(e) of the Conditions for 
further details. 
The option of the Issuer of effectuating a "MREL Disqualification Event" and/or "Substitution or Variation" as 
described above, shall be subject to the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority and any other 
statutory requirements (including under the Applicable MREL Regulations at such time). For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Competent Authority may have discretion as to whether or not it will permit any such redemption, 
substitution or variation of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
F. Risks applicable to Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities 
F.1. Holders of Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities have no rights of set-
off in respect of such Notes 
No holder of Senior Preferred Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities and related Coupons and/or Receipts may at any time exercise or claim any right of set-off or 
netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with such Senior Preferred 
Notes and related Coupons and Receipts. This means that holders of such Notes will not be able to set-off or net 
any claims under such Notes against obligations owed by them to the Issuer, even when the Issuer is not able to 
perform which could result in losses compared to the situation where they had been able to set off their obligations 
against amounts due on such Notes. To the extent that any Noteholder, Couponholder or Receiptholder 
nevertheless claims a right of set-off or netting in respect of any such amount, whether by operation of law or 
otherwise, and irrespective of whether the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such holder shall 
immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount which purportedly has been set off or netted 
(such a transfer, a "Set-off Repayment") and no rights can be derived from the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, 
Coupons or Receipts until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off Repayment and accordingly any such 
set-off or netting shall be deemed not to have taken place. Irrespective of any other set-off or netting agreement 
providing otherwise, the (im)possibility of any set-off or netting by a Noteholder, Couponholder or Receiptholder 
shall be exclusively governed by Dutch law.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
F.2. Holders of Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities have limited rights to 
accelerate 
The rights of holders of Senior Preferred Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities and related Coupons and/or Receipts are limited in certain respects. In particular, (i) 
redemption of Senior Preferred Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities pursuant to Conditions 5(b), 5(c) and 5(e) of the Conditions may only be effected after the 
Issuer has obtained the written permission of the Competent Authority, and (ii) the Issuer must obtain the prior 
(written) permission of the Competent Authority before effecting any repayment of Senior Preferred Notes 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities in the event of the 
liquidation or bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer. See Conditions 5(b), 5(c) and 5(e) and Condition 9(b) of 
the Conditions. 
The Conditions of the Notes do not provide for events of default allowing acceleration of the Senior Preferred 
Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities if certain events 
occur. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any interest payment or other obligation under the Senior Preferred 
Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, such failure will 
not give the holders of such Senior Preferred Notes any right to accelerate repayment of the principal amount of 
such Senior Preferred Notes. In accordance with Condition 9(b) of the Conditions, in the case of the liquidation or 
bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer (other than done in connection with a merger, consolidation or other form 
of combination with another company and such company assumes all obligations contracted by the Issuer in 
connection with the relevant Senior Preferred Notes). 
Holders of Senior Preferred Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities and related Coupons and/or Receipts may not themselves petition for the bankruptcy of the Issuer or for 
its liquidation, winding-up, moratorium or dissolution. Save as provided above, the sole remedy available to the 
holders of Senior Preferred Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities and related Coupons and/or Receipts shall be to institute proceedings against the Issuer to demand 
specific performance (nakoming eisen) of any such obligation of the Issuer under or arising from such Senior 
Preferred Notes or the related Coupons and/or Receipts, including, without limitation, payment of any principal or 
premium or satisfaction of any interest payments in respect of the Notes or the related Coupons and/or receipts, in 
each case when not satisfied for a period of 30 or more days after the date on which such payment is due, but in 
no event shall the Issuer, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums, 
in cash or otherwise, sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as referred to in Condition 9(b) of the Conditions, shall be available to 
the holders of Senior Preferred Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities and related Coupons and/or Receipts, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of 
such Senior Preferred Notes or the Coupons and/Receipts or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its 
other obligations under or in respect of such Senior Preferred Notes, the Coupons or the Receipts. 
F.3. The qualification of the Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities is subject to uncertainty and may cause the Issuer to redeem, vary or substitute such Notes 
following the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event 
The Issuer intends that the Senior Preferred Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities (as defined in Condition 5(e) of the Conditions) 
which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (as defined in Condition 5(e) of the Conditions) (however 
called or defined by the Applicable MREL Regulations (as defined in Condition 5(e) of the Conditions) then 
applicable) of the Issuer. However, there is uncertainty regarding the final substance of the Applicable MREL 
Regulations and how those regulations, once enacted, are to be interpreted and applied and the Issuer cannot 
provide any assurance that the Senior Preferred Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities will be (or thereafter remain) MREL Eligible Liabilities.  
In particular, if "Regulatory Call" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may upon the 
occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event redeem the Senior Preferred Notes specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, in whole but not in part, at any time, on giving not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders, or such other period of notice as is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 13. The Issuer will redeem such Senior Preferred 
Notes in accordance with the Conditions at the Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
An MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of Senior Preferred Notes specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities if as a result of a change in any 
Applicable MREL Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming 
effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Senior Preferred Notes, such Senior Preferred Notes 
will be fully excluded or partially excluded from the Issuer's MREL Eligible Liabilities determined in accordance 
with, and pursuant to, the Applicable MREL Regulations, provided that an MREL Disqualification Event shall not 
occur where such exclusion of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes in whole or in part from the Issuer's MREL 
Eligible Liabilities is due to (i) the remaining maturity of such Senior Preferred Notes being less than any period 
prescribed by the Applicable MREL Regulations effective with respect to the Issuer or (ii) any applicable limits 
on the amount of MREL Eligible Liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the MREL Requirement (as defined in 
Condition 5(e) of the Conditions). 
See also the risk factor "The rights of the holders of the Notes may be directly or indirectly affected as a result of 
the exercise by the competent resolution authority of the bail-in tool or other recovery or resolution power or 
Intervention Measures in respect of the Issuer" above for the risks associated with optional redemption features. 
If "Substitution or Variation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may upon the 
occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event, at its option and at any time substitute the Senior Preferred Notes 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, in whole but not in 
part, or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of such Senior Preferred Notes, without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders they remain qualified or, as appropriate, become qualified as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders, or such 
other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 13.  
The Conditions of such varied or substituted Senior Preferred Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities may have Conditions that contain one or more provisions that are 
substantially different from the Conditions of the relevant original Senior Preferred Notes. However, the variation 
or substitution shall not result in terms that are materially less favorable to the interests of the Noteholders (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer). Following such variation or substitution, the resulting Senior Preferred Notes 
shall (1) have a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Preferred Notes immediately prior to such variation or 
substitution, (2) have at least the same interest rate and the same interest payment dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Senior Preferred Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution, (3) have the same 
Maturity Date and redemption rights as Senior Preferred Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution, 
(4) preserve any existing rights under the Senior Preferred Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution 
to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the interest payment 
date last preceding the date of variation or substitution, (5) have assigned (or maintain) the same credit ratings as 
were assigned to the Senior Preferred Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution and (6) be listed 
on a recognized stock exchange if the Senior Preferred Notes prior to such variation or substitution were listed. 
See Condition 5(e) of the Conditions for further details. 
The option of the Issuer of effectuating a "MREL Disqualification Event" and/or "Substitution or Variation" as 
described above, shall be subject to the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority and any other 
statutory requirements (including under the Applicable MREL Regulations at such time). For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Competent Authority may have discretion as to whether or not it will permit any such redemption, 
substitution or variation of the Senior Preferred Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
G. Risks related to the market generally 
 
G.1. There may be no active trading market for the Notes which may adversely impact the ability of investors to 
sell their investments easily or for a price that they would have been able to obtain had such active trading 
market existed 
Notes will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is currently no active trading 
market (unless in the case of any particular Series or Tranche, such Series or Tranche is to be consolidated with 
and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If the Notes are traded after their initial 
issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the 
market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of FMO. Although 
applications may be made for the Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext in Amsterdam or to be 
listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or 
the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange as specified in the applicable Final Terms, there is no

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
assurance that such applications will be accepted, that any particular Series or Tranche of Notes will be so admitted 
or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity 
of any trading market for any particular Series or Tranche of Notes and investors may not be able to sell their 
Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market. 
G.2. If any investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, such investor will 
be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on 
those Notes 
 
FMO will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to 
currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit 
(the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
change significantly (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the 
Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls or may dispose of the Investor Currency. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the 
Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate of a Specified Currency or the applicable currency in case of a Dual 
Currency Note (as defined below). As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal. 
G.3. Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and credit rating downgrades or withdrawals may reduce the market 
value of the Notes 
Credit or corporate ratings may not reflect all risks. One or more independent rating agencies may assign ratings 
to the Notes and/or FMO. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the standing of FMO. A credit rating and/or a corporate 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency 
at any time. In the event a rating assigned to the Notes and/or FMO is lowered for any reason, the market value of 
the Notes may be adversely affected, but no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional support or credit 
enhancement with respect to the Notes.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
FMO accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge 
of FMO the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission 
likely to affect its import. Any information from third parties, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, has been 
accurately reproduced and does not omit anything likely which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. FMO accepts responsibility accordingly.  
References in this Base Prospectus to "Final Terms" shall, in the case of an issue of Exempt Notes, be read and 
construed as a reference to the applicable Pricing Supplement, unless the context otherwise requires. 
 
Neither the Arranger, the Dealers, the Listing Agents (as defined below) or the Paying Agent (as defined below) 
nor any of their respective affiliates, directors, officers or employees or any other affiliated person, accepts any 
responsibility whatsoever for the contents of this Base Prospectus nor for any other statements made or purported 
to be made by either themselves or on their behalf in connection with the Issuer, the Programme, the Notes or the 
issue or distribution of the Notes. Accordingly, each of them disclaims any and all liability, whether arising in tort 
or contract or otherwise in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
Application may be made for certain series of Notes to be listed on Euronext in Amsterdam or to be listed on the 
Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or the Euro 
MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if 
any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other Conditions not contained herein which are 
applicable to any Tranche of Notes will be set forth in the Final Terms relating to such Tranche which will be filed 
with, if and when applicable, the AFM and/or the CSSF, if required by the Prospectus Regulation, and, if 
applicable, will be delivered to Euronext in Amsterdam, the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
or the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and filed with the relevant competent authorities 
together with an issue specific summary (if relevant) in the required language, on or before the date of issue of the 
Notes of such Tranche. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AFM, which is the Netherlands' competent authority for the 
purpose of the Prospectus Regulation. The AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should 
not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in 
such Notes.  
The information on the websites to which a hyperlink has been included in this Base Prospectus does not form part 
of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by the AFM, unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for use only by the Issuer or others who have obtained the Issuer's consent for 
a period of up to twelve months after its approval by the AFM and shall expire on 6 June 2024, at the latest. The 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus, in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies only, shall cease to apply upon the expiry of the validity period of this Base Prospectus. 
The AFM has approved this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue by FMO of Notes which are: 
a) 
offered to the public in the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, whether or not such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on 
any market; or 
b) 
admitted to trading on any one or more regulated markets as defined under Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments; and not 
c) 
money market instruments as defined by Article 4(1)(17) of Directive 2014/65/EU, having a maturity of less 
than 12 months, 
such Notes may be issued in any denominations as agreed between FMO and the relevant Dealer(s). 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation applies only to Notes that are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or that are to be offered to the public in the EEA other

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation. The AFM has neither approved nor reviewed information 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. Application has been made to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the approval of this Base Prospectus with respect to Exempt Notes as a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Part IV of the Luxembourg Law dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities 
(the "Prospectus Act 2019").  
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes (including Exempt Notes) issued 
under the Programme to be listed to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (including the professional segment of the Euro MTF Market) during the twelve-
month period after the date of approval of this Base Prospectus. The Euro MTF Market is not a regulated market 
for the purposes of MiFID II. This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange in its 
capacity of competent authority for the purpose of the Prospectus Act 2019, in respect of the Exempt Notes 
provisions. 
If between the date of this Base Prospectus and the final closing of the relevant Non-exempt Offer or, as the case 
may be, the time when trading of the Notes (not being Exempt Notes) begins on Euronext in Amsterdam or on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment 
of such Notes arises or is noticed, FMO will prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new 
prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes subject to such Non-exempt Offer or, as the 
case may be, such admission to trading of Notes (not being Exempt Notes). Such a supplement will be approved 
by the AFM and published in accordance with applicable law and a notification will be provided to the competent 
authorities and the ESMA. The summary, and any translations thereof required for the purpose of such Non-exempt 
Offer or, as the case may be, such admission to trading of Notes (not being Exempt Notes), will also be 
supplemented, if necessary, to take into account the new information included in the supplement. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein 
by reference (see the section headed 'Documents Incorporated by Reference' below). This Base Prospectus shall 
be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus.  
No person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorized by FMO, the Arranger or any of the Dealers.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme should be considered as a recommendation by FMO, the Arranger, any of the Dealers, the Listing 
Agents (as defined below) or the Paying Agent (as defined below) or any of their respective affiliates, directors, 
officers or employees or any other affiliated person that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme should purchase any Notes. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made or given and no responsibility is accepted by 
any one or more of them (except for FMO in relation to this Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by 
reference therein) as to the accuracy, completeness or fairness of the information or opinions contained in this 
Base Prospectus, or incorporated by reference herein, or any other information provided by FMO and no such 
information and none of such opinions is, or may be relied upon as, a promise or representation by any one or 
more of them as to the past or future. The information on the websites to which a hyperlink has been included in 
this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by the 
AFM, unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
USE OF PROCEEDS – None of the Arranger or the Dealers will verify or monitor the use of proceeds of any 
Notes. Application may be made for a Series of Notes to be displayed on the Luxembourg Green Exchange and 
no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers, or any other person that such 
display satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards 
any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such display may vary from one stock exchange or 
securities market to another and may be subject to change. In addition, no representation or assurance is given or 
made by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that such display will be maintained during the 
life of any such Notes.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of FMO. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of 
FMO, the Arranger or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. In particular, 
each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should: 
a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks 
of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
and any applicable supplement; 
b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment 
portfolio; 
c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes;  
d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behavior of financial markets;  
e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investments and its ability to bear the applicable risks; and 
f) 
be aware that it may receive no principal or interest. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall at any time imply 
that the information contained herein concerning FMO is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or, as 
the case may be, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or 
the balance sheet date of the most recent financial statements deemed to be incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Arranger and the Dealers expressly do 
not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of FMO during the life of the Programme. Investors 
should review, inter alia, the most recent company financial statements of FMO and any other relevant publicly 
available information when deciding whether to purchase any Notes.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any part hereof constitutes an offer or an invitation to sell or the solicitation of 
an offer to buy any Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or 
solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offer or sale 
of Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. FMO, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent that 
this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action 
has been taken by FMO, the Arranger or the Dealers which would permit a non-exempt offering of any Notes or 
distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no 
Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or 
other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will 
result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
(or any part thereof) or any Notes come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. In 
particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the 
European Economic Area, the United States, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands and Japan (see the section 
headed 'Subscription and Sale' below).  
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the US Securities and Exchange Commission, any State 
Securities Commission or any other regulatory authority, nor have any of the foregoing authorities passed upon or 
endorsed the merits of this offering or the accuracy or adequacy of this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the 
contrary is unlawful.  
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. ("ABN AMRO") has been engaged by the Issuer as Amsterdam listing agent (the 
"Amsterdam Listing Agent") and Dutch paying agent (the "Dutch Paying Agent"). The Amsterdam Listing 
Agent activities relate to the admission of the Notes to trading on, if applicable, Euronext in Amsterdam. The 
Dutch Paying Agent activities relate to performing certain payment services on behalf of the Issuer towards the

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
Noteholders and determination of the interest rates. ABN AMRO's activities as Amsterdam Listing Agent have 
consisted of assisting the Issuer with filing the application for admission to listing with Euronext in Amsterdam.  
Citibank, N.A., London Branch ("Citi") has been engaged by the Issuer as principal paying agent (the "Principal 
Paying Agent", and the Principal Paying Agent and the Dutch Paying Agent, each a ''Paying Agent'') and Banque 
Internationale à Luxembourg ("BIL") has been engaged by the Issuer as Luxembourg listing agent (the 
"Luxembourg Listing Agent", and together with the Dutch Listing Agent, also referred to as the "Listing 
Agents"). The Principal Paying Agent activities relate to performing certain payment services on behalf of the 
Issuer towards the Noteholders and determination of the interest rates. The Luxembourg Listing Agent activities 
relate to the admission of the Notes to trading on, if applicable, the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. BIL's activities pursuant to the 
engagement have consisted of assisting the Issuer with filing the application for admission to list on the Official 
List of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange.  
ABN AMRO, Citi and BIL are acting for the Issuer and for no one else and will not regard any other person as 
their clients in connection with the Programme, the Notes, or the issue or distribution of the Notes and will not be 
responsible for anyone other than the Issuer for providing the protections afforded to their clients nor for providing 
advice in relation to the Programme, the Notes, or the issue or distribution of the Notes nor any other transaction 
or arrangement referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act"), and the Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act (see the section headed 'Subscription and Sale' 
below). 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect 
of any Notes includes a legend entitled 'Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors', the Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, "IDD"), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect 
of any Notes includes a legend entitled 'Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors', the Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however,

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) below may apply, 
any offer of Notes in any Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a "Member State") will be made 
pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation, from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers 
of Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of Notes which are 
the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by Final Terms in relation to the offer 
of those Notes may only do so: 
(i) 
in circumstances in which no obligation arises for FMO or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, or  
(ii) in the circumstances described under 'Non-exempt Offers of Non-exempt Offer Notes in the European 
Economic Area' below. 
See the section headed 'Subscription and Sale' below for further information. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
 
FMO may, in its absolute discretion, perform market making activities as a liquidity provider in respect of certain 
series or tranches of Notes.  
All figures in this Base Prospectus have not been audited, unless stated otherwise. These figures are internal figures 
of FMO. 
All references in this document to 'U.S. Dollars', 'USD' 'U.S.$' and '$' refer to the currency of the United States of 
America, those to 'Sterling' and '£' refer to the currency of the United Kingdom, those to 'CHF' refer to the currency 
of Switzerland, 'NOK' to the currency of Norway, 'SEK' to the currency of Sweden, those to 'ZAR' refer to the 
currency of South Africa and those to 'Euro', 'EUR', and '€' refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
stage of the Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended.  
Your attention is drawn to the important information on page 46 of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
CALCULATION OF THE OUTSTANDING AMOUNT 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement will only be valid for offering, listing and admission to trading of Notes 
on Euronext in Amsterdam, the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or the Euro MTF Market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange in an aggregate nominal amount which, when added to the aggregate nominal 
amount then outstanding of all Notes previously or simultaneously issued under the Programme, does not exceed 
EUR 7,000,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency. For the purpose of calculating the aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes from time to time:  
a) 
the EUR equivalent of Notes denominated in another Specified Currency (specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms) shall be determined, at the discretion of the Issuer, as of the date of agreement to issue such 
Notes or on the preceding day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial center of the country of the relevant Specified Currency, in each case on the basis of 
the spot rate for the sale of the EUR against the purchase of such Specified Currency in the foreign exchange 
market quoted by any leading bank selected by the Issuer on such date;  
b) 
the amount (or, where applicable, the EUR equivalent) of Dual Currency Notes (being Notes in respect of 
which payments of interest and/or principal may be made in a currency other than the Specified Currency), 
Currency Linked Notes (being Notes (i) bearing interest of which the amount payable is calculated by 
reference to a single currency rate of exchange or basket of currency rates of exchange as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and/or (ii) with principal of which the amount payable is calculated by reference to a 
single currency rate of exchange or basket of currency rates of exchange as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) and Partly Paid Notes (being Notes where the Issue Price is payable in more than one instalment) 
shall be calculated (in the case of Notes not denominated in EUR, in the manner specified above) by reference 
to the original nominal amount of such Notes (in the case of Partly Paid Notes, regardless of the subscription 
price paid); and  
c) 
the amount (or, where applicable, the EUR equivalent) of Zero Coupon Notes (being Notes during the term 
of which no interest shall become due and payable) and other Notes issued at a discount or premium shall be 
calculated (in the case of Notes not denominated in EUR, in the manner specified above) by reference to the 
net proceeds received by the Issuer for the relevant issue.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NON-EXEMPT OFFER NOTES IN THE EUROPEAN 
ECONOMIC AREA 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
("Non-exempt Offer Notes") may, subject as provided below, be offered to the public in a Member State in 
circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation to 
publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to in this Base Prospectus as a "Non-exempt Offer". 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of Non-exempt Offer Notes in 
the Netherlands (the "Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction"). Any person making or intending to make a Non-exempt 
Offer of Non-exempt Offer Notes in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction on the basis of this Base Prospectus must 
do so only with the Issuer's consent - see 'Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus 
Regulation (Retail Cascades)' below. 
If the Issuer intends to make or authorize any Non-exempt Offer of Non-exempt Offer Notes to be made in one or 
more Member States other than in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction (including but not limited to Denmark, 
Finland, Luxembourg, Norway, Italy and Sweden), it will prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus specifying 
such Member State(s) and any additional information required by the Prospectus Regulation in respect thereof. 
Such supplement will also set out provisions relating to the Issuer's consent to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with any such Non-exempt Offer. 
Save as provided above, neither the Issuer, the Arranger nor any Dealer has authorized, nor do they authorize, the 
making of any Non-exempt Offer of Non-exempt Offer Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for 
either the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
In the context of any Non-exempt Offer of Non-exempt Offer Notes in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction, the 
Issuer accepts responsibility in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction, for the content of this Base Prospectus in 
relation to any person (an "Investor") who purchases any Non-exempt Offer Notes by a Dealer and also with 
respect to subsequent resale or final placement of securities by any financial intermediary which was given consent 
to use this Base Prospectus (an "Authorized Offeror"), where the offer is made in compliance with all conditions 
attached to the giving of the consent. Such consent and conditions are described below under 'Consent' and 
'Common conditions to consent'. Neither the Issuer, the Arranger nor any Dealer has any responsibility for any of 
the actions of any Authorized Offeror, including compliance by an Authorized Offeror with applicable conduct of 
business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such Non-
exempt Offer. 
Save as provided below, neither the Issuer, the Arranger nor any Dealer has authorized the making of any 
Non-exempt Offer and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person 
in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of Non-exempt Offer Notes in any jurisdiction. Any Non-exempt 
Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorized and neither the Issuer, the Arranger nor any 
Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorized 
offer.  
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor to whom an offer of any Non-exempt Offer Notes is made is 
offered Non-exempt Offer Notes by a person which is not an Authorized Offeror, the Investor should check with 
such person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus in the context of the Non-exempt Offer and, 
if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or 
who is responsible for its contents it should obtain legal advice. 
The Issuer will publish information with respect to Authorized Offerors unknown at the time of the approval of 
this Base Prospectus or the filing of the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, on its website 
https://www.fmo.nl/funding-programs.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
Consent 
Subject to the conditions set out below under 'Common conditions to consent': 
A. 
the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) 
in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of Non-exempt Offer Notes in any Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction 
by: 
(i) the Dealer(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) any financial intermediary named as an Initial Authorized Offeror in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and whose name and 
address is published on the Issuer's website https://www.fmo.nl/funding-programs and identified as an 
Authorized Offeror in respect of the relevant Non-exempt Offer; and 
B. 
if (and only if) paragraph 8(vi) ('General Consent') of Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies 'General 
Consent' as 'Applicable', the Issuer hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of Non-exempt 
Offer Notes in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction by any financial intermediary which satisfies the following 
conditions: 
(i) it is authorized to make such offers under the legislation implementing the MiFID or MiFID II, as the 
case may be, as applicable in each relevant jurisdiction; and 
(ii) it accepts such offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the information in square 
brackets duly completed with the relevant information): 
'We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the [insert title of relevant Non-exempt Offer 
Notes] (the "Notes") described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the "Final Terms") published by 
Nederlandse Financierings-Maatschappij voor Ontwikkelingslanden N.V. (the "Issuer"). We hereby 
accept the offer by the Issuer of its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final 
Terms) in connection with the offer of the Notes in the Netherlands (the "Non-exempt Offer") in 
accordance with the Authorized Offeror Terms and subject to the conditions to such consent, each as 
specified in the Base Prospectus, and we are using the Base Prospectus in connection with the Non-
exempt Offer accordingly.' 
The 'Authorized Offeror Terms' are that the relevant financial intermediary: 
I. 
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer: 
(a) act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all applicable laws, rules, 
regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the "Rules") from time to time 
including, without limitation, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any 
investment in the Non-exempt Offer Notes by any person and disclosure to any potential 
Investor, and will immediately inform the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) if at any time such 
financial intermediary becomes aware or suspects that it is or may be in violation of any Rules 
and take all appropriate steps to remedy such violation and comply with such Rules in all 
respects; 
(b) comply with the restrictions set out under 'Subscription and Sale' in this Base Prospectus which 
would apply as if it were a Dealer;  
(c) consider the relevant manufacturer's target market assessment and distribution channels 
identified under the "MiFID II product governance" legend or the “UK MiFIR product 
governance” legend specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(d) ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) received or paid by 
that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Non-exempt Offer Notes does

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
not violate the Rules and, to the extent required by the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to 
Investors or potential Investors; 
(e) hold all licenses, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with solicitation 
of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Non-exempt Offer Notes under the Rules; 
(f) 
comply with, and take appropriate steps in relation to, applicable anti-money laundering, anti-
bribery, anti-corruption and 'know your client' Rules (including, without limitation, taking 
appropriate steps, in compliance with such Rules, to establish and document the identity of 
each potential Investor prior to initial investment in any Non-exempt Offer Notes by the 
Investor), and will not permit any application for Non-exempt Offer Notes in circumstances 
where the financial intermediary has any suspicions as to the source of the application moneys; 
(g) retain Investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under applicable 
Rules, and shall, if so required and permitted, make such records available to the relevant 
Dealer(s) and the Issuer or directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) in order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) 
to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and 'know your client' 
Rules applying to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s); 
(h) ensure that no holder of Non-exempt Offer Notes or potential Investor in Non-exempt Offer 
Notes shall become an indirect or direct client of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s) for the 
purposes of any applicable Rules from time to time, and, to the extent that any client obligations 
are created by the relevant financial intermediary under any applicable Rules, then such 
financial intermediary shall perform any such obligations so arising; 
(i) 
cooperate with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in providing such information (including, 
without limitation, documents and records maintained pursuant to paragraph (f) above) upon 
written request from the Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s) as is available to such financial 
intermediary or which is within its power and control from time to time, together with such 
further assistance as is reasonably requested by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s): 
(i) 
in connection with any request or investigation by the AFM and/or any relevant regulator 
of competent jurisdiction in relation to the Non-exempt Offer Notes, the Issuer or the 
relevant Dealer(s); and/or 
(ii) in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer 
relating to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) or another Authorised Offeror, 
including, without limitation, complaints as defined in rules published by the AFM and/or 
any relevant regulator of competent jurisdiction from time to time; and/or 
(iii) which the Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s) may reasonably require from time to time in 
relation to the Non-exempt Offer Notes and/or as to allow the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer(s) fully to comply within its own legal tax and regulatory requirements, 
in each case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, in any event, within any timeframe set 
by any such regulator or regulatory process; 
(j) 
during the primary distribution period of the Non-exempt Offer Notes: (i) not sell the Non-
exempt Offer Notes at any price other than the Issue Price specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer(s)); (ii) not sell the Non-exempt Offer 
Notes otherwise than for the settlement on the Issue Date specified in the applicable Non-
exempt Final Terms; (iii) not appoint any sub-distributors (unless otherwise agreed with the 
relevant Dealer(s) and the Issuer); (iv) not pay any fee or remuneration or commissions or 
benefits to any third parties in relation to the offering or sale of the Non-exempt Offer Notes 
(unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer(s)); and (v) comply with such other rules of 
conduct as may be reasonably required and specified by the relevant Dealer(s); 
(k) either (i) obtain from each potential Investor an executed application for the Non-exempt Offer 
Notes, or (ii) keep a record of all requests such financial intermediary (x) makes for its 
discretionary management clients, (y) receives from its advisory clients and (z) receives from

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
its execution-only clients, in each case, prior to making any order for the Non-exempt Offer 
Notes on their behalf, and, in each case, maintain the same on its files for so long as is required 
by any applicable Rules; 
(l) 
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s) to breach 
any Rule or subject the Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s) to any requirement to obtain or make 
any filing, authorization or consent in any jurisdiction; 
(m) comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under 'Common conditions to consent' 
below and any further requirements relevant to the Non-exempt Offer as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(n) make available to each potential Investor in the Non-exempt Offer Notes the Base Prospectus 
(as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), the applicable Final Terms and any 
applicable information booklet provided by the Issuer for such purpose, and not convey or 
publish any information that is not contained in or entirely consistent with this Base Prospectus; 
and 
(o) if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than the Base Prospectus or any other 
materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf of the Issuer for the purpose 
of the relevant Non-exempt Offer) in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer, it will 
ensure that such communication (i) is fair, clear and not misleading and complies with the 
Rules, (ii) states that such financial intermediary has provided such communication 
independently of the Issuer, that such financial intermediary is solely responsible for such 
communication and that none of the Issuer nor the relevant Dealer(s) accept any responsibility 
for such communication and (iii) does not, without the prior written consent of the Issuer or 
the relevant Dealer(s) (as applicable), use the legal or publicity names of the Issuer or, 
respectively, the relevant Dealer(s) or any other name, brand or logo registered by an entity 
within their respective groups or any material over which any such entity retains a proprietary 
interest, except to describe the Issuer as issuer of the relevant Non-exempt Offer Notes on the 
basis set out in this Base Prospectus; 
II. 
agrees and undertakes to indemnify each of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (in each case, on 
behalf of such entity and its respective directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and 
controlling persons) against any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, charges, expenses, actions or 
demands (including reasonable costs of investigation and any defense raised thereto and counsel's 
fees and disbursements associated with any such investigation of defense) which any of them may 
incur or which may be made against any of them arising out of or in relation to, or in connection 
with, any breach of any of the foregoing agreements, representations, warranties or undertakings by 
such financial intermediary, including (without limitation) any unauthorized action by such financial 
intermediary or failure by such financial intermediary to observe any of the above restrictions or 
requirements or the making by such financial intermediary of any unauthorized representation or the 
giving or use by it or any information which has not been authorized for such purposes by the Issuer 
or the relevant Dealer(s); and 
III. 
agrees and accepts that: 
(a) the contract between the Issuer and the financial intermediary formed upon acceptance by the 
financial intermediary of the Issuer's offer to use the Base Prospectus and the applicable Final 
Terms with its consent in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer (the "Authorized 
Offeror Contract"), and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Authorized Offeror Contract, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the 
laws of the Netherlands; and 
(b) the competent courts of The Hague, the Netherlands are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Authorized Offeror Contract 
(including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Authorized Offeror Contract) and accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of 
such courts.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
Any financial intermediary falling within sub-paragraph (B) above who wishes to use this Base Prospectus 
in connection with a Non-exempt Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish 
on its website the statement (duly completed) specified at paragraph (B)(ii) above. 
Common conditions to consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (B) above if 
paragraph 8(vi) ('General Consent') of Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies 'General Consent' as 
'Applicable') that such consent: 
(a) is only valid in respect of the relevant Tranche of Non-exempt Offer Notes; 
(b) is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c) only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms to make Non-exempt Offers 
of the relevant Tranche of Non-exempt Offer Notes in the Netherlands. 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY NON-EXEMPT OFFER NOTES IN 
A NON-EXEMPT OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR OTHER THAN THE ISSUER WILL 
DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH NON-EXEMPT OFFER NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY 
SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND 
OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH 
INVESTOR INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT 
ARRANGEMENTS. THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH 
SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER OR SALE OF THE NON-
EXEMPT OFFER NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK 
AT THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE 
PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION. NEITHER THE ISSUER NOR ANY DEALER (EXCEPT 
WHERE 
SUCH 
DEALER 
IS 
THE 
RELEVANT 
AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR) 
HAS 
ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF SUCH INFORMATION. 
Non-exempt Offers: Issue Price and Offer Price 
Non-exempt Offer Notes to be offered pursuant to a Non-exempt Offer will be issued by the Issuer at the Issue 
Price specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Issue Price will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with 
the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and will depend, amongst other things, on the 
interest rate applicable to the Non-exempt Offer Notes and prevailing market conditions at any time. The offer 
price of such Non-exempt Offer Notes will be the Issue Price or such other price as may be agreed between an 
Investor and the Authorized Offeror making the offer of the Non-exempt Offer Notes to such Investor. The Issuer 
will not be party to arrangements between an Investor and an Authorized Offeror, and the Investor will need to 
look to the relevant Authorized Offeror to confirm the price at which such Authorized Offeror is offering the Non-
exempt Offer Notes to such Investor.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following publicly available documents will be filed with the AFM and shall be incorporated in, and form part 
of, this Base Prospectus:  
(a) the articles of association (statuten) of the Issuer in the Dutch and English language, available at 
https://www.fmo.nl/l/en/library/download/urn:uuid:489e7b66-7307-494f-9f3a-
ddf1a52810cd/articles_of_association-2009.pdf;  
(b) the terms and conditions as referred to on pages 51 up to and including 75 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
relating to the Programme, dated 2 June 2014 (the "2014 Terms and Conditions") available at 
https://www.fmo.nl/l/library/download/urn:uuid:0461bb4e-b326-4167-8b53-8a47e0b5c3d4/fmo+-
+base+prospectus+2014.pdf?format=save_to_disk&ext=.pdf; 
(c) the terms and conditions as referred to on pages 45 up to and including 65 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
relating to the Programme, dated 17 June 2015 (the "2015 Terms and Conditions") available at 
https://www.fmo.nl/l/library/download/urn:uuid:3482bf0c-1879-47e1-b7cf-a69537fe336c/fmo+-
+base+prospectus+2015.pdf?format=save_to_disk&ext=.pdf; 
(d) the terms and conditions as referred to on pages 47 up to and including 68 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
relating to the Programme, dated 22 June 2016 (the "2016 Terms and Conditions") available at 
https://www.fmo.nl/l/library/download/urn:uuid:116fab77-d67f-4c27-be3b-49ce4e34577c/fmo+-
+base+prospectus+2016.pdf?format=save_to_disk&ext=.pdf; 
(e) the terms and conditions as referred to on pages 48 up to and including 69 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
relating to the Programme dated 16 June 2017 (the "2017 Terms and Conditions") available at 
https://www.fmo.nl/l/library/download/urn:uuid:4ff1c413-759a-4c13-af4e-52b94587c7bd/fmo+-
+base+prospectus+2017.pdf?format=save_to_disk&ext=.pdf; 
(f) 
the terms and conditions as referred to on pages 52 up to and including 73 of the base prospectus of the Issuer 
relating to the Programme, dated 14 June 2018 (the “2018 Terms and Conditions”), available at 
https://www.fmo.nl/l/library/download/urn:uuid:faf693ec-2f72-4af9-b235-72c5083d7a94/fmo+-
+base+prospectus+2018.pdf?format=save_to_disk&ext=.pdf; 
(g) the terms and conditions as referred to on pages 81 up to and including 115 of the base prospectus of the 
Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 14 June 2019 (the "2019 Terms and Conditions") available at 
https://www.fmo.nl/l/library/download/urn:uuid:853d0dc1-805c-4662-8f83-
cc8b3b787a69/fmo+dip+update+2019+-+base+prospectus.pdf?format=save_to_disk&ext=.pdf;  
(h) the terms and conditions as referred to on pages 64 up to and including 112 of the base prospectus of the 
Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 17 June 2020 (the "2020 Terms and Conditions") available at 
https://www.fmo.nl/l/library/download/urn:uuid:12591725-e503-418d-9d2d-385ec4b3c739/fmo+-
+base+prospectus+2020.pdf?format=save_to_disk;  
(i) 
the terms and conditions as referred to on pages 67 up to and including 115 of the base prospectus of the 
Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 3 June 2021 (the "2021 Terms and Conditions") available at 
https://www.fmo.nl/l/library/download/urn:uuid:544e2213-66c8-410a-ba14-ab650d3df474/fmo+dip+u21+-
+base+prospectus+%28+3+june+2021%29.pdf?format=save_to_disk;  
(j) 
the terms and conditions as referred to on pages 63 up to and including 110 of the base prospectus of the 
Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 9 June 2022 (the "2022 Terms and Conditions") available at 
https://www.fmo.nl/l/library/download/urn:uuid:d44348fc-5434-4f08-9d36-c63b36b3b664/fmo+-
+base+prospectus+2022.pdf?format=save_to_disk;  
(k) the publicly available audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 (including the independent auditor's report thereon) (as set out on pages 114 through 243 of 
the 
Issuer's 
2021 
annual 
report) 
available 
at 
https://annualreport.fmo.nl/2021/FbContent.ashx/pub_1000/downloads/v220602133716/2021%20Annual%
20Report.pdf;

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
(l) 
the publicly available audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2022 (including the independent auditor's report thereon) (as set out on pages 114 through 239 of 
the 
Issuer's 
2022 
annual 
report) 
available 
at 
https://annualreport.fmo.nl/2022/FbContent.ashx/pub_1002/downloads/v230322195902/2022-FMO-
Annual-Report.pdf; and 
(m) the press release published by the Issuer on 21 April 2023 entitled "Update of the Agreement between the 
Dutch State and FMO", available at news - Update of the Agreement between the Dutch State and FMO - 
FMO. 
Where only certain sections of a document referred to above are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, 
the parts of such document which are not incorporated by reference are either not relevant to prospective investors 
in the Notes or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Any documents themselves incorporated by reference 
in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any statements on FMO's competitive position included in a document which is incorporated by reference herein 
and where no external source is identified are based on the Issuer's internal assessment of generally available 
information. 
The Issuer will provide, without charge, to each person to whom a copy of this Base Prospectus has been delivered, 
upon the oral or written request of such person, a copy of any or all of the documents which are incorporated herein 
by reference and any further prospectus or prospectus supplement prepared by the Issuer for the purpose of 
updating or amending any information contained herein or therein and, where appropriate, English translations of 
any or all such documents.  
Written requests for such documents should be directed to the Issuer at its registered office set out at the end of 
this Base Prospectus. In addition, such documents will be available free of charge from the office of ABN AMRO, 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10, 1082 PP Amsterdam, the Netherlands in its capacity as Dutch Paying Agent or from the 
principal office of Citi, 6th Floor, Citigroup Centre 2, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United 
Kingdom, in its capacity as Principal Paying Agent.  
The Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein can also be found at the website 
https://www.fmo.nl/funding-programs.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be 'forward-looking statements'. Forward-
looking statements include all statements other than historical statements included in this Base Prospectus, 
including, without limitation, those concerning the FMO's financial position, business strategy, plans, goals 
and objectives of management for future operations (including development plans and objectives relating 
to FMO's products) and the assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements. When used in this 
Base Prospectus (or any supplement hereto), the words 'anticipates', 'estimates', 'expects', 'believes', 
'intends', 'plans', 'aims', 'seeks', 'may', 'will', 'should' and any similar expressions generally identify 
forward-looking statements. 
Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may 
cause the actual results, performance or achievements of FMO, or industry results to be materially different 
from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding FMO's 
present and future business strategies and the environment in which FMO will operate in the future. The 
Issuer's risks are more specifically described in the section 'Risk Factors'. 
Important factors that could cause FMO's actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially 
from those in the forward-looking statements include, among others, changes or downturns in the Dutch 
economy or the economies in other countries in which FMO conducts business, the impact of fluctuations 
in foreign exchange rates and interest rates and the impact of future regulatory requirements. 
These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Other than as required 
by applicable laws and regulations, the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange, FMO expressly 
disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates 
or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in FMO's expectations 
with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is 
based.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES  
Each Series or Tranche of Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the 
Netherlands.  
References in this Base Prospectus to "Final Terms" shall, in the case of an issue of Exempt Notes, be read and 
construed as a reference to the applicable Pricing Supplement, unless the context otherwise requires. 
 
Each Series or Tranche of Notes will (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) be initially 
represented by a temporary global Note (a "Temporary Global Note") (or, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, a permanent global Note (a "Permanent Global Note") and, together with the Temporary Global Note, 
the "Global Notes" and each a "Global Note"), without Receipts, Coupons or Talons. Each Global Note which is 
not intended to be issued as an NGN (a CGN), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited on the 
relevant Issue Date either (i) with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (ii) with 
Euroclear Netherlands. Each Global Note which is intended to be issued as a NGN as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant Issue Date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note and subject to TEFRA D 
selling restrictions (or any successor U.S. Treasury regulation section including, without limitation, regulations 
issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. 
Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010), payments of principal and interest (if any) due prior to the 
Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made against presentation of the Temporary Global Note only to the 
extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of such Note are not U.S. 
persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, 
has been received by the relevant clearing system(s) and the relevant clearing system(s) have given a like 
certification (based on the certifications they have received) to the Agent. Any reference in this section to the 
relevant clearing system(s) shall mean the clearance and/or settlement system(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
On 13 June 2006, the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance 
with the 'Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations' of the central banking 
system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB 
also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if 
the NGN form is used. 
Exchangeability Temporary Global Notes 
In respect of each Series or Tranche of Notes for which a Temporary Global Note will be issued, a date on which 
this Temporary Global Note will become exchangeable (the "Exchange Date") will be determined. Interests in a 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), upon request as described therein, either for 
interests in a Permanent Global Note without Receipts, Coupons or Talons or for definitive Notes (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) in each case (if the Notes are subject to TEFRA D selling restrictions or any successor 
U.S. Treasury regulation section including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore 
Employment Act of 2010) against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification 
has already been given, on and after the Exchange Date which is the later of: 
1. 
40 days after the date on which the Temporary Global Note is issued; and 
2. 
40 days after the completion of the distribution of the relevant Series or Tranche (the "Distribution 
Compliance Period"). 
The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest or principal due on 
or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest 
in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused.  
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under 'Terms and Conditions of the Notes' below) the Agent shall 
arrange that, where a Temporary Global Note representing a Series or Tranche of Notes is issued, the Notes of 
such Series or Tranche shall be assigned an ISIN and a common code by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
which are different from the ISIN and common code assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
Definitive Notes will be in the standard euromarket form. Definitive Notes and Global Notes will be in bearer 
form.  
Payments of principal and interest (if any) on Permanent Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) on a Permanent Global Note will be made through the relevant clearing 
system(s) against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Global Note (if the Permanent 
Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any requirement for certification. A Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole in accordance with the applicable Final Terms for 
security printed definitive Notes with, where applicable, Receipts, Coupons or Coupon sheets and Talons attached. 
Such exchange may be made, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, either (i) upon not less than 30 days' 
written notice being given to the Agent by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system (acting on the instructions of any of its participants) as described therein or (ii) only upon the occurrence 
of any Exchange Event. An "Exchange Event" means (1) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason 
of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact 
done so and no alternative clearing system is available or (2) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional 
amounts as provided for or referred to in Condition 7 which would not be required were the Notes represented by 
the Permanent Global Note in definitive form or (3) upon the occurrence of any of the circumstances described in 
Condition 9. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (1) or (2) above. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Permanent Global Note, may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange and in the event of the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event as described in (2) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. 
Any such exchange shall occur no later than 30 days after the date of receipt of the relevant notice by the Agent. 
Global Notes and definitive Notes will be issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement. At the date hereof, neither 
Euroclear nor Clearstream, Luxembourg regard Notes in global form as fungible with Notes in definitive form.  
In case of Notes represented by a Global Note deposited with Euroclear Netherlands, exchange of such Global 
Notes for security printed definitive Notes is limited to the circumstances described in Articles 26 and 45 in 
connection with delivery (uitlevering) under the Dutch Securities Giro Transfer Act 1977 (Wet giraal 
effectenverkeer) as amended from time to time. 
Applicable legends 
The following legend will appear on all Global Notes (except for Temporary Global Notes), definitive Notes, 
Receipts and Coupons (including Talons) with a maturity of more than 1 year which are subject to TEFRA D 
selling restrictions (or any successor U.S. Treasury regulation section including, without limitation, regulations 
issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. 
Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010):  
'ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE.'  
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and procedures 
for the time being of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear Netherlands as the case may be.  
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear Netherlands shall, whenever 
the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.  
The following legend will appear on all Global Notes held in Euroclear Netherlands:  
'Notice: This Note is issued for deposit with Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V. 
("Euroclear Netherlands") at Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Any person being offered this Note for transfer or any 
other purpose should be aware that theft or fraud is almost certain to be involved.'

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
Acceleration  
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9 of the Notes. 
In such circumstances where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and a holder of such Note so represented 
and credited to its account with the relevant clearing system(s) (other than Euroclear Netherlands) gives notice 
that it wishes to accelerate such Note, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with the 
relevant clearing system(s) (other than Euroclear Netherlands) will become entitled to proceed directly against the 
Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by the relevant clearing system(s) (other than Euroclear 
Netherlands) on and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note.  
Conditions upon exchangeability  
Whenever a Global Note is to be exchanged for Notes in definitive form, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge) of such Notes in definitive form, duly authenticated and with Receipts, Coupons and 
Talons attached (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Note to the bearer of the Global Note against the surrender of the Global Note to 
or to the order of the Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. If:  
(i) 
Notes in definitive form have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer of a Global Note has duly requested exchange of the Global Note for Notes in definitive form; or  
(ii) a Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes 
or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount 
of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Global Note 
in accordance with the Conditions on the due date for payment,  
then from 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (i) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg 
time) on such due date (in the case of (ii) above) each Noteholder will become entitled to proceed directly against 
the Issuer and the bearer of the Global Note will have no further rights thereunder. In the case of a Global Note 
deposited with Euroclear Netherlands, the rights of Noteholders will be exercised in accordance with the Securities 
Giro Transfer Act 1977 (Wet giraal effectenverkeer) as amended from time to time.  
In the event that (a) the Global Note (or any part hereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the 
Conditions and payment in full of the amount due has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the foregoing; 
or (b) the Global Note is not duly exchanged for Definitive Notes by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the thirtieth 
day after the bearer of a Global Note at which the preconditions to such exchange are first satisfied then the terms 
of such Global Note provide for relevant account holders with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any 
other relevant clearing system to be able to enforce against the Issuer all rights which they would have had if they 
had been holding Definitive Notes to the relevant value at the time of such event. Payments by the Issuer to the 
relevant account holders will be considered as payments to the relevant Noteholder and operate as full and final 
discharge to the Issuer in this respect.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Conditions of Notes to be issued by the Issuer which will be incorporated by reference into 
each Global Note and which will be endorsed on (or, if permitted by the rules of the relevant stock exchange or 
other relevant authority and agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, incorporated by reference into) 
each definitive Note in the standard euromarket form. The applicable Final Terms will be endorsed on, 
incorporated by reference into, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note in the standard euromarket 
form. All capitalized terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meaning given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. Reference should be made to 'Form of Final Terms' (or in the case of Exempt Notes, 'Form 
of Pricing Supplement') below for a description of the content of Final Terms which includes the definition of 
certain terms used in the following Conditions.  
This Note is one of a series of Notes issued by Nederlandse Financierings-Maatschappij voor Ontwikkelingslanden 
N.V. (the "Issuer") pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). References herein to the "Notes" shall 
be references to the Notes of this Series (as defined below) and shall mean (i) in relation to any Notes represented 
by a temporary global Note (a "Temporary Global Note") or a permanent global Note (a "Permanent Global 
Note" and together with the Temporary Global Note, the "Global Notes" and each, a "Global Note"), units of the 
lowest Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency, (ii) definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global 
Note and (iii) any Global Note. The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) 
are the subject of an Agency Agreement dated 6 June 2023 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, 
Citibank, N.A, London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (in such capacity the "Agent", 
which expression shall include any successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the 
Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents).  
Interest bearing definitive Notes in the standard euromarket form (unless otherwise specified) have interest 
coupons ("Coupons") and, talons for further Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to 
Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or 
talons, respectively. Definitive Notes in the standard euromarket form repayable in instalments have receipts 
("Receipts") for the payment of the instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. 
Any reference herein to "Noteholders" shall mean the holders of the Notes, and shall, in relation to any Notes 
represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to "Receiptholders" shall 
mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the 
Coupons, and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. Any holders 
mentioned above include those having a credit balance in the collective deposits held by Nederlands Centraal 
Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V., formerly known as NECIGEF ("Euroclear Netherlands") or one of 
its admitted institutions (aangesloten instellingen).  
References in these Conditions to 'Coupons' will include references to such Coupon sheets.  
To the extent applicable, the Issuer undertakes to comply with Book VI of the Belgian Code of Economic Law in 
respect of the Notes issued under the Base Prospectus. 
In accordance with Articles VI.82 to VI.84 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, except in the case of a force 
majeure event, the Issuer may not unilaterally modify the characteristics of a product if it concerns an essential 
feature of the product. The redemption features of the Notes provided by Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase) 
are only possible upon a decision of the Issuer as a consequence of a force majeure event or with compensation. 
The Final Terms for this Note are endorsed hereon or attached hereto or applicable hereto or incorporated by 
reference herein and supplement these Conditions. All capitalized terms that are not defined in these Conditions 
will have the meaning given to them in the applicable Final Terms. References herein to the 'applicable Final 
Terms' or the 'applicable Final Terms' are to the Final Terms for this Note. Any reference herein to the 'applicable 
Final Terms' or 'applicable Final Terms' shall be deemed to include a reference to the 'relevant Pricing Supplement' 
or 'applicable Pricing Supplement', as the case may be, where relevant. 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. The expression 
"Exempt Note" refers to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation.  
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and "Series" 
means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (i) expressed to be

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to listing) except for their 
respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices from the date on which such 
consolidation is expressed to take effect. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms are available at the specified offices of each of 
the Agent and the other Paying Agents save that the applicable Final Terms relating to an Exempt Note will only 
be available for inspection by a Noteholder upon such Noteholder producing evidence as to identity satisfactory 
to the relevant Paying Agent. The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have 
notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final 
Terms which are binding on them.  
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated.  
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title  
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency 
and Specified Denomination(s). 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, Fixed Rate Reset Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, a Currency 
Linked Interest Note or, only if the Specified Denomination is at least EUR 100,000, a Dual Currency Note, 
or a combination of any of the foregoing depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
This Note may be an Instalment Note, a Partly Paid Note, a Currency Linked Redemption Note or, only if 
the Specified Denomination is at least EUR 100,000, a Dual Currency Note, or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending on the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes in definitive form are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not applicable.  
As set out below, title to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery. For Notes held by Euroclear 
Netherlands deliveries will be made in accordance with the Dutch Securities Giro Transfer Act 1977 (Wet 
giraal effectenverkeer) as amended from time to time. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction 
or as required by law or applicable regulations, the Issuer, the Agent and any other Paying Agent may deem 
and treat the bearer of any Note, Receipt or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue 
and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) 
for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next 
succeeding paragraph.  
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each person (other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of 
Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case 
of manifest error)) shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount 
of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on the Notes, for 
which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as 
the holder of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note (and the 
expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note held by a common depositary in the case of a Classic Global 
Note ("CGN") as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or a common safekeeper in the case of a New 
Global Note ("NGN"), as specified in the applicable Final terms, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures, as amended from time to time, of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
Any reference in these Conditions to the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be to the 
records that each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg hold for their customers which reflect the 
amount of such customers' interests in the Notes (but excluding any interest in Notes of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg shown in the records of the other clearing system).

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed 
to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms 
but shall not include Euroclear Netherlands.  
In case of Notes represented by a Global Note deposited with Euroclear Netherlands, exchange of such Global 
Notes for security printed definitive Notes is limited to the circumstances described in Articles 26 and 45 in 
connection with delivery (uitlevering) under the Dutch Securities Giro Transfer Act 1977 (Wet giraal 
effectenverkeer) as amended from time to time.  
In these Conditions: 
"Specified Denomination(s)" means the denomination of the Notes specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
2. 
Status of the Notes  
(a) Senior Preferred Notes 
This Condition applies only to Senior Preferred Notes specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
references to "Notes", "Receipts" and "Coupons", "Noteholders" in this Condition 2(a) shall be construed 
accordingly. 
The Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and with all other present and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer save for (i) those preferred by mandatory provisions 
of law and (ii) (in the event of the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer only) the Statutory Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations. 
In the case resolution proceedings are commenced in respect of the Issuer in accordance with the Applicable 
Resolution Framework, the aforementioned ranking in the event of bankruptcy will in principle be followed, 
in a reverse order, subject to certain exceptions. 
No Noteholder, Couponholder and Receiptholder may at any time exercise or claim any right of set-off or 
netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with any Senior 
Preferred Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities 
and its Coupons and Receipts. To the extent that any Noteholder, Couponholder or Receiptholder nevertheless 
claims a right of set-off or netting in respect of any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, 
and irrespective of whether the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such holder shall 
immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount which purportedly has been set off or netted 
(such a transfer, a "Set-off Repayment") and no rights can be derived from the relevant Notes, Coupons or 
Receipts until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off Repayment and accordingly any such set-off 
or netting shall be deemed not to have taken place. Irrespective of any other set-off or netting agreement 
providing otherwise, the (im)possibility of any set-off or netting by a Noteholder, Couponholder or 
Receiptholder shall be exclusively governed by Dutch law. 
(b) Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition applies only to Senior Non-Preferred Notes specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
and references to "Notes", "Receipts" and "Coupons", "Noteholders", "Receiptholders" and "Couponholders" 
in this Condition 2(b) shall be construed accordingly. 
The Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer which have a lower ranking within the meaning of Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act 
(Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing Article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended 
by Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in the Netherlands) and rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and with all other present and future obligations of the Issuer qualifying as Statutory Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations, save for those obligations preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law. 
In the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer any claims of the Noteholders, 
Couponholders and Receiptholders against the Issuer in respect of or arising under the Notes and the related 
Receipts and Coupons (including any amounts attributable to the Notes and any damages awarded for breach

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
of any obligations thereunder) shall rank (i) pari passu without any preference among themselves and with all 
other present and future obligations of the Issuer qualifying as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, 
save for those obligations preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law, (ii) in the event of the 
bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer only, junior to any present and future unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer which do not qualify as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, including the 
claims of creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) of the CRR,  and 
(iii) senior to any Subordinated Obligations. 
By virtue of such ranking, payments to the Noteholders, Couponholders and Receiptholders will, in the event 
of the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer, only be made after all claims in respect of unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer which do not qualify as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, 
including the claims of creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) of 
the CRR, and those obligations preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law have been satisfied 
in full. 
In the case resolution proceedings are commenced in respect of the Issuer in accordance with the Applicable 
Resolution Framework, the aforementioned ranking in the event of bankruptcy will in principle be followed, 
in a reverse order, subject to certain exceptions. 
No Noteholder, Couponholder and Receiptholder may at any time exercise or claim any right of set-off or 
netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Notes, 
Coupons and Receipts. To the extent that any Noteholder, Couponholder or Receiptholder nevertheless claims 
a right of set-off or netting in respect of any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and 
irrespective of whether the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such holder shall 
immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount which purportedly has been set off or netted 
(such a transfer, a "Set-off Repayment") and no rights can be derived from the relevant Notes, Coupons or 
Receipts until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off Repayment and accordingly any such set-off 
or netting shall be deemed not to have taken place. Irrespective of any other set-off or netting agreement 
providing otherwise, the (im)possibility of any set-off or netting by a Noteholder, Couponholder or 
Receiptholder shall be exclusively governed by Dutch law. 
As used in this Condition 2(b): 
"Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations" means any present and future claims in respect of 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which have a lower ranking within the meaning of 
Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing Article 
108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in the Netherlands); and 
"Subordinated Obligations" means any present and future claims in respect of obligations of the Issuer which 
rank or are expressed to rank, junior to claims in respect of unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer. 
(c) Subordinated Notes 
This Condition applies only to Subordinated Notes specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
references to "Notes", "Receipts" and "Coupons", "Noteholders", "Receiptholders" and "Couponholders" in 
this Condition 2(c) shall be construed accordingly.  
 
The Subordinated Notes and the related Receipts and Coupons constitute unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. The rights and claims of the holders of the Subordinated Notes and the related 
Receipts and Coupons are subordinated as described below.  
 
Subject to exceptions provided by mandatory applicable law (including as provided pursuant to Section 212rf 
of the Dutch Bankruptcy Code (Faillissementswet)), the rights and claims (if any) of the holders of the 
Subordinated Notes to payment under the Subordinated Notes in respect of the principal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes shall in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy (faillissement) rank (i) pari passu without 
any preference among themselves and with all other present and future Tier 2 own funds instruments of the 
Issuer, including any Tier 2 Parity Securities, and (ii) junior to all Tier 2 Senior Obligations (in accordance 
with Section 212rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet)) and (iii) senior to any Tier 2 Junior 
Subordinated Obligations.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
The Subordinated Notes of a Series are intended to qualify and to be treated as Tier 2 capital for the purposes 
of the regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer from time to time or as MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes rank junior to Subordinated Notes that no longer 
qualify as Tier 2 Notes. 
 
Any Receipts and Coupons relating to the Subordinated Notes shall in the case of (i) the bankruptcy 
(faillissement) of the Issuer or (ii) liquidation rank above own funds and pari passu without any preference 
among themselves subject to Article 212rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy Code (Faillissementswet). 
 
By virtue of the rankings, payments to the Noteholders, Couponholders and Receiptholders will, in the event 
of the liquidation or bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer, only be made after all claims in respect of any 
Tier 2 Senior Obligations have been satisfied in full. 
 
In the case resolution proceedings are commenced in respect of the Issuer in accordance with the Applicable 
Resolution Framework, the aforementioned ranking in the event of bankruptcy will in principle be followed, 
in a reverse order, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
No set-off or netting in respect of Subordinated Notes 
No Noteholder, Couponholder and Receiptholder may at any time exercise or claim any right of set-off or 
netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Subordinated 
Notes, Coupons and Receipts. To the extent that any Noteholder, Couponholder or Receiptholder nevertheless 
claims a right of set-off or netting in respect of any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, 
and irrespective of whether the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such holder shall 
immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount which purportedly has been set off or netted 
(such a transfer, a "Set-off Repayment") and no rights can be derived from the relevant Notes, Coupons or 
Receipts until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off Repayment and accordingly any such set-off 
or netting shall be deemed not to have taken place. Irrespective of any other set-off or netting agreement 
providing otherwise, the (im)possibility of any set-off or netting by a Noteholder, Couponholder or 
Receiptholder shall be exclusively governed by Dutch law. 
As used in this Condition 2(c): 
"Applicable Resolution Framework" means any relevant laws and regulations applicable to the Issuer at the 
relevant time pursuant to, or which implement, or are enacted within the context of the BRRD, or any other 
resolution or recovery rules which may from time to time be applicable to the Issuer, including the SRM 
Regulation and the Special Measures Financial Institutions Act (Wet bijzondere maatregelen financiële 
ondernemingen);  
"Competent Authority" means the European Central Bank, the Dutch Central Bank (De Nederlandsche 
Bank) or such other regulatory authority or governmental body having primary responsibility for the prudential 
oversight and supervision of the Issuer, or, as the case may be, a Resolution Authority (as applicable); 
"Resolution Authority" means the European Single Resolution Board (consisting of representatives from the 
European Central Bank, the European Commission and the relevant national authorities, "SRB"), the 
European Central Bank, the Dutch Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank) or such other regulatory authority 
or governmental body having the power to impose resolution measures, such as Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation on Notes, or other resolution tools or resolution action pursuant to the Applicable Resolution 
Framework; 
"Non-Tier 2 Junior Subordinated Obligations" means any present and future claims in respect of 
obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank, junior to claims in respect of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes not intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes, including any Subordinated Notes intended to 
qualify as Tier 2 Notes and any other own funds item as referred to in point (118) of Article 4(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 575/2013, as amended;  
"Non-Tier 2 Senior Obligations" means (i) any present and future claims of depositors (other than in respect 
of those whose deposits are expressed by or under their own terms to rank equally to or lower than the 
Subordinated Notes not intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes), (ii) any present and future unsubordinated claims 
with respect to the repayment of borrowed money (including any Statutory Non-Preferred Obligations), (iii) 
any other present and future unsubordinated claims and (iv) any present and future subordinated claims which

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
under their terms are expressed to rank in priority to the Subordinated Notes not intended to qualify as Tier 2 
Notes;  
"Recapitalisation" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 5(m); 
"Statutory Loss Absorption" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 5(m); 
"Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations" means any present and future claims in respect of 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which have a lower ranking within the meaning of 
Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing Article 
108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in the Netherlands); 
"Tier 2 Parity Securities" means any present or future instruments issued by the Issuer which are eligible to 
be recognized as Tier 2 capital from time to time by the Competent Authority and any guarantee, indemnity 
or other contractual support arrangement entered into by the Issuer and any instruments issued, and 
subordinated guarantees, indemnities or other contractual support arrangements entered into, by the Issuer 
which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu therewith, but excluding Junior Subordinated Obligations; 
"Tier 2 Junior Subordinated Obligations" means any Tier 1 capital items as referred to in Article 25 of 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as amended; and 
"Tier 2 Senior Obligations" means (i) any present and future claims of depositors, (ii) any present and future 
unsubordinated claims with respect to the repayment of borrowed money (including any Statutory Non-
Preferred Obligations), (iii) the claims of creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to 
Article 72a(2) of the CRR, (iv) any other present and future unsubordinated claims, (v) any MREL Eligible 
Liabilities, (vi) any Subordinated Notes no longer intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes and (vii) any other 
subordinated or unsubordinated claims that do not result from an own funds item as referred to in point (118) 
of Article 4(1) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as amended. 
3. 
Interest 
(a) Interest on Fixed Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Reset Notes 
(i) Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount (or, if it is a Partly Paid Note, 
the amount paid up) from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum 
equal to the Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year and on 
the Maturity Date (if that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date). The amount of interest payable 
on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such 
date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount, unless if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
a Broken Amount is specified with respect to a particular Fixed Interest Period, in which case the 
specified Broken Amount will be payable on the relevant Interest Payment Date. If interest is required 
to be calculated for a period ending other than on an Interest Payment Date, such interest shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum 
by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
In these Conditions: 
"Broken Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Day Count Fraction" means in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 3(a)(i) either (1) a Day Count Fraction as further defined in Condition 3(d), if so 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, or (2): 
(i) if 'Actual/Actual (ICMA)' is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) 
the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than 
the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
1. the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; and 
2. the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; 
(ii) if '30/360' is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from and 
including the most recent Interest Payment date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) 
to but excluding the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis 
of 12 30 day months divided by 360. 
"Determination Date" means the determination date as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date;  
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
"Issue Date" means the issue date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" means the date of maturity of the Notes specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than EUR, the lowest amount of such currency 
and, with respect to Euro, means one Eurocent. 
(ii) Fixed Rate Reset Notes 
(A) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Fixed Rate Reset Note bears interest: 
(i) from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date at 
the rate per annum equal to the Initial Interest Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if none, 
the Maturity Date (the "First Reset Period") at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate; 
and

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
(iii) if applicable, from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but excluding) the first Subsequent 
Reset Date (if any), and each successive period from (and including) any Subsequent Reset Date 
to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date (if any) or, if none, the Maturity 
Date (each a “Subsequent Reset Period") at the rate per annum equal to the relevant Subsequent 
Reset Rate, 
(in each case rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
(each a "Rate of Interest") payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each 
year up to and including the Maturity Date. 
Once the Rate of Interest is determined for a Reset Period, the provisions of Condition 3(a)(i) shall 
apply to Fixed Rate Reset Notes, as applicable, as if the Fixed Rate Reset Notes were Fixed Rate 
Notes. 
In this Condition 3(a)(ii): 
"First Reset Rate" means the sum of the Reset Margin (as specified in the Final Terms) and the Mid-
Swap Rate for the First Reset Period, subject to any amendments resulting from Condition 
3(b)(ii)(C); 
"Fixed Reset Rate Relevant Screen Page" means the display page on the relevant service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) as specified in the applicable Final Terms or such other page 
as may replace it on that information service, or on such other equivalent information service as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, for the purpose of displaying the relevant swap rates for swap 
transactions in the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset Period; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing on that Reset 
Date, the rate for the Reset Date of, in the case of semi-annual or annual Interest Payment Dates, the 
semi-annual or annual swap rate, respectively (with such semi-annual swap rate to be converted to a 
quarterly rate in accordance with market convention, in the case of quarterly Interest Payment Dates) 
for swap transactions in the Specified Currency maturing on the last day of such Reset Period, 
expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Fixed Reset Rate Relevant Screen Page as of 
approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial center of the Specified Currency on such Reset 
Determination Date. If such rate does not appear on the Fixed Reset Rate Relevant Screen Page, the 
Mid-Swap Rate for the Reset Date will be the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the Reset Period; 
"Reference Banks" means five leading swap dealers in the interbank market for swap transactions 
in the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset Period as selected by the Issuer; 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date, 
as applicable; 
"Reset Determination Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reset Determination Time" means the time specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
"Reset Reference Bank Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing 
on that Reset Date, a percentage equal to the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage and rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest 0.0001 per cent. (0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the 
quotations provided by the Reference Banks of the rates at which swaps in the Specified Currency 
are offered by it at approximately the Reset Determination Time on the Reset Determination Date to 
participants in the swap market for the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset 
Period all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If at least three quotations are provided, the rate 
for the Reset Date will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the highest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the lowest). If only two quotations are provided, it will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations 
provided. If only one quotation is provided, it will be the quotation provided. If no quotations are 
provided, the Mid-Swap Rate will be the Mid-Swap Rate for the immediately preceding Reset Period 
or, if none, the last observable Mid-Swap Rate, prior to the relevant Reset Date, with a term equal or

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
nearest to the relevant Reset Period which appears on the Fixed Reset Rate Relevant Screen Page, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
"Subsequent Reset Rate" means the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the Reset Margin as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date, subject to any 
amendments resulting from Condition 3(b)(ii)(C). 
(B) 
Notification of First Reset Rate of Interest, Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount 
The Calculation Agent will cause the First Reset Rate of Interest, any Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest and each Interest Amount for each Reset Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Fixed Rate Reset Notes are for 
the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth Luxembourg Business Day (as 
defined below) thereafter and, in the case of Fixed Rate Reset Notes admitted to the listing on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or on Euronext in Amsterdam, cause each such Rate of Interest, 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, to be notified to Euronext Amsterdam 
and/or the Luxembourg stock exchange, as the case may be, in accordance with the rules and 
regulations of such Stock Exchange. Each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Fixed Rate Reset 
Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression "Luxembourg Business Day" means a day (other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in 
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
(b) Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount (or, if it is a Partly Paid 
Note, the amount paid up) from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate equal to 
the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on either: 
A. the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year; or 
B. if no express Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each "Interest Period" (which expression shall, in these 
Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
1) in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 3(b)(i)(B) above, 
the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be 
the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) 
such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which 
falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
2) the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
3) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day, save in respect of Notes for which the 
Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SOFR or SOFR Average, for which the final Interest 
Payment Date will not be postponed and interest on that payment will not accrue during the 
period from and after the scheduled final Interest Payment Date; or 
4) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date (or other date) shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions: 
"Business Day": 
(a) means (other than in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as Compounded 
Daily SOFR or SOFR Average in the applicable Final Terms) a day which is both: 
(i) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the relevant place of presentation and any Additional Business Centre specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial center of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars shall be Sydney) or (2) in relation to any sum 
payable in Euro, any day on which the real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem, or any successor system ("T2") is open; 
(b) means (in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as Compounded Daily 
SOFR or SOFR Average in the applicable Final Terms) any weekday that is a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre(s) and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorized 
or required by law or regulation to be closed. 
(ii) Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms on the following basis. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination For Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest determined by the Calculation Agent for each Interest Period will 
be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any), provided that in any circumstances where under the ISDA Definitions (as defined below) the 
Calculation Agent would be required to exercise any discretion, including the selection of any 
reference banks and seeking quotations from reference banks, when calculating the relevant ISDA 
Rate (as defined below), the relevant determination(s) which require the Calculation Agent to 
exercise its discretion shall instead be made by the Issuer or its designee. For the purposes of this 
subparagraph (A), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent were acting 
as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an ISDA Master Agreement

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
incorporating (i) if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 
ISDA Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
("ISDA"), and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series), or (ii) if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (as published by ISDA as at 
the issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) (the "ISDA Definitions") and 
under which: 
(1) the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) the Designated Maturity is the period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(3) the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is based on the Euro 
zone interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR"), the first day of that Interest Period or (ii) in any 
other case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions, 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) shall be disapplied. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(A): 
"Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and 
"Reset Date" have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
When this subparagraph (A) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest Period the Agent will be 
deemed to have discharged its obligations under Condition 3(d) in respect of the determination of 
the Rate of Interest if it has determined the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period in the 
manner provided in this subparagraph (A). 
In these Conditions: 
"Margin" means the margin applicable to the Notes specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Market disruption events will be dealt with under the terms set out in the applicable ISDA 
Definitions.  
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Reference Rates other than Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, SOFR Average 
or Compounded Daily €STR 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and the Reference Rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being a Reference Rate other than Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily 
SOFR, SOFR Average or Compounded Daily €STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) the offered quotation for the Reference Rate (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant 
Screen Page); or 
(2) the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,  
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rates which appears or appear, 
as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time (which shall be 11.00 
a.m. Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final 
Terms) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. If five or more 
such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there 
is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
the Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if in the case of (1) above, no such offered quotation 
appears, or in each case of (2) above fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case 
as at the Relevant Time, the Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide them with 
its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at the 
Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Issuer with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of such offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Issuer 
with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Agent determines as being the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Issuer by the Reference Banks 
or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant 
Interest Period by the Euro-zone inter-bank market plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer with such offered rates, the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period, or the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for the 
relevant Interest Period, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Issuer it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined by the Agent as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (b)(ii)(B): 
"Interest Determination Date" means the interest determination date as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
"Reference Banks" means in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer; 
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, being either 
EURIBOR, Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, SOFR Average or 
Compounded Daily €STR;  
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption or column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Specified Time" means 11.00 a.m. Brussels Time. 
Compounded Daily SONIA as the Reference Rate 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being Compounded Daily SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will 
(subject to Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) and as provided below) be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" will be, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average reference rate as

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
Interest Determination Date: 
(1) if "Index Determination" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, by 
reference to the screen rate or index administered by the administrator of the Sterling Overnight 
Index Average reference rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or other 
information service from time to time at the relevant time on the Interest Determination Date, 
as further specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) if "Index Determination" is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or 
"Index Determination" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms but such 
screen rate or index is not available at the relevant time on the Interest Determination Date): 
(A) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method, as 
follows, with the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 x 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 365
𝑑 
(B) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method, as 
follows, with the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 365
𝑑 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the 
Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method) the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"do", is (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) for any 
Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period or (where in the 
applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) for any SONIA Observation 
Period, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"i" is, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London Banking 
Days in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day (where in the 
applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest Period 
or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant 
SONIA Observation Period; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" is, for any London Banking Day "i" means the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"p" means the whole number specified as the Observation Look-back Period in the applicable Final 
Terms, such number representing a number of London Banking Days and which shall not be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as less than five without the prior agreement of the 
Calculation Agent; 
"SONIA Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period 
(and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
on, but excluding the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, 
on which the Notes become due and payable);  
"SONIA reference rate" in respect of any London Banking Day, means the Sterling Overnight 
Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of 
SONIA to authorized distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorized distributors (on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day); 
"SONIAi", means, where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant SONIA Observation Period, the 
SONIA reference rate for that London Banking Day "i"; and 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means, where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, the SONIA reference 
rate for the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London 
Banking Day "i". 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant SONIA Observation Period or the relevant 
Interest Period (as the case may be), the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA reference 
rate is not available or has not been published by the relevant authorized distributors, the Calculation 
Agent will determine such SONIA reference rate as being: (i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the 
"Bank Rate") prevailing at close of business on that London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days 
on which a SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is 
more than one highest spread, one only of those spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than 
one lowest spread, one only of those spreads) to the Bank Rate. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for Notes for which "Screen Rate Determination" is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SONIA cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest 
(as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such 
Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration 
to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
(including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9 (Events of 
Default), in respect of Notes for which "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SONIA, the final Interest Determination Date 
shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 
deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
Compounded Daily SOFR as the Reference Rate 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will (subject to Condition 
3(b)(ii)(C) and as provided below) be Compounded Daily SOFR plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" will be, with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
(1) where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷 x 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 360
𝑑 
(2) where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 360
𝑑 
where: 
"do", is (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) for any 
Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) for 
any SOFR Observation Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
"d" is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the 
Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method) the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
"i" is, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation 
Method) in the relevant Interest Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified 
as the Observation Method) the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in (where in the applicable Final Terms 
"Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or (where in the applicable 
Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant SOFR Observation Period, 
is the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i + 1"); 
"p" means the whole number specified as the Observation Look-back Period in the applicable Final 
Terms, such number representing a number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days and which 
shall not be specified in the applicable Final Terms as less than five without the prior agreement of 
the Calculation Agent; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(a) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) 
on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR 
Determination Time"); 
(b)  if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as 
published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, 
or any successor source; 
"SOFRi" is (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method), 
for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, a 
reference rate equal to SOFR in respect of that day "i"; 
"SOFRi-pUSBD" is (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation 
Method), for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, a 
reference rate equal to SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling five 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to that day "i"; 
"SOFR Observation Period" in respect of each Interest Period means the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date in 
such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends 
that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading 
in U.S. government securities.  
In the event that the Rate of Interest for Notes for which "Screen Rate Determination" is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest 
(as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such 
Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration 
to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
(including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9 (Events of 
Default), in respect of Notes for which "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR, the final Interest Determination Date shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed 
to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes 
shall, for so long as any such Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
SOFR Average as the Reference Rate 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being SOFR Average, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will (subject to 
Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) or Condition 3(b)(ii)(D) (as applicable) and as provided below) be SOFR 
Average plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
"dc" means the number of calendar days from (and including) SOFR IndexStart to (but excluding) 
SOFR IndexEnd; 
"Index Determination Date" means an Index Determination Start Date or an Index Determination 
End Date, as the case may be;

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
"p" means the whole number specified in the applicable Final Terms, such number representing a 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days and which shall not be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as less than five without the prior written consent of the Calculation Agent;  
"SOFR Administrator" has the meaning ascribed to it under the heading "Compounded Daily 
SOFR as the Reference Rate" above; 
"SOFR Administrators Website" has the meaning ascribed to it under the heading "Compounded 
Daily SOFR as the Reference Rate" above; 
"SOFR Average" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate calculated by the Calculation 
Agent, on the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (360
dc
) 
where: 
"SOFR IndexStart" means the SOFR Index value on the day which is "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Period (an "Index Determination 
Start Date"); 
"SOFR IndexEnd" means the SOFR Index value on the day which is "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Period (or in the final 
Interest Period, the Maturity Date) (an "Index Determination End Date"); 
"SOFR Determination Time" has the meaning ascribed to it in paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"SOFR" under the heading "Compounded Daily SOFR as the Reference Rate" above; 
The "SOFR Index" in relation to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day shall be the value 
as published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator's Website at the SOFR 
Determination Time; and  
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" has the meaning ascribed to it under the heading 
"Compounded Daily SOFR as the Reference Rate" above; 
Subject as set out in Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) and 3(b)(ii)(D) below (as applicable), if the SOFR Index 
is not published on any relevant Index Determination Date, and a Benchmark Transition Event and 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred, "SOFR Average" means, for an Interest 
Determination Date with respect to an Interest Period, USD-SOFR-COMPOUND, i.e., the daily 
compound interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the calculation of such 
interest is the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR)), calculated in accordance with only the 
formula and definitions required for such formula set forth in USD-SOFR-COMPOUND of 
Supplement number 57 (for the avoidance of doubt, without applying any fallbacks included therein) 
to the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc.), as published on 16 May 2018 (and for the purposes of such provisions, references to 
"Calculation Period" shall mean, the period from and including the date which is "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Period to, but 
excluding, the date which is "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date relating to such Interest Period (or in the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date) (or 
if the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9 (Events of Default), the date 
on which the Notes become due and payable (or, if such date is not a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such date) and 
references to "SOFR Index Cessation Event" shall mean Benchmark Transition Event (as defined 
below)). 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred during 
such Interest Period, the provisions below under Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) and (3(b)(ii)(D) (as

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
applicable) shall apply to such Interest Period and any future Interest Periods (subject to the 
occurrence of any future Benchmark Transition Event). 
Compounded Daily €STR as the Reference Rate 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being Compounded Daily €STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will 
(subject to Condition 3(b)(ii)(C), subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
"Compounded Daily €STR" will be, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily Euro Short-Term Rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination 
Date: 
(1) if "Index Determination" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, by 
reference to the screen rate or index administered by the administrator of the Euro-Short Term 
Rate reference rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or other information 
service from time to time at the relevant time on the Interest Determination Date, as further 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) if "Index Determination" is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or 
"Index Determination" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms but such 
screen rate or index is not available at the relevant time on the Interest Determination Date): 
(A) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method, as 
follows, with the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷 x 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 360
𝑑 
(B) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method, as 
follows, with the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 360
𝑑 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the 
Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method) the relevant €STR Observation Period; 
"do", is (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) for any 
Interest Period, the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant Interest Period or (where in 
the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) for any €STR 
Observation Period, the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant €STR Observation 
Period; 
"i" is, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant TARGET Business 
Days in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Business Day (where in the 
applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest Period 
or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant 
€STR Observation Period;

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
"ni" is, for any TARGET Business Day "i" means the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such TARGET Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following TARGET Business Day; 
"p" means the whole number specified as the Observation Look-back Period in the applicable Final 
Terms, such number representing a number of TARGET Business Days and which shall not be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as less than five without the prior agreement of the 
Calculation Agent; 
"TARGET Business Day" or "TBD" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of 
payment in euro; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor 
system;  
"€STRi", means, where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method, 
in respect any TARGET Business Day "i" in the relevant €STR Observation Period, the €STR 
reference rate for that TARGET Business Day "i";  
"€STRi-pTBD" means, where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect any TARGET Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, the €STR 
reference rate for the TARGET Business Day falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior to the 
relevant TARGET Business Day "i";  
"€STR Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, 
the date which is "p" TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the 
first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but 
excluding the date which is "p" TARGET Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable); and 
"€STR reference rate" means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, a reference rate equal to 
the daily Euro Short-Term Rate ("€STR") for such TARGET Business Day as provided by the 
European Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), 
on the website of the European Central Bank initially at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor 
website officially designated by the European Central Bank (the "ECB's Website") (in each case, 
at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or 
guidelines on the TARGET Business Day immediately following such TARGET Business Day). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9 (Events of 
Default), in respect of Notes to calculated by reference to Compounded Daily €STR, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and 
the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remain outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
If the €STR reference rate is not published on a TARGET Business Day as specified above, and the 
Issuer has confirmed to the Calculation Agent that both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate for each TARGET Business Day in 
the relevant Observation occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) that was recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or 
any successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending 
a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the European Central Bank or another 
administrator) (the "ECB Recommended Rate"), provided that, if no such rate has been 
recommended before the end of the first TARGET Business Day following the date on which the 
€STR Index Cessation Event occurs, then the rate for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if, references to "€STR" were references to the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the 
rate on the deposit facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem, 
as published on the ECB's Website (the "EDFR") on such TARGET Business Day plus the

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR reference rate and the EDFR for each of 
the 30 TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the date confirmed by the Issuer as being 
the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred provided further that, if the Issuer 
confirms to the Calculation Agent that both an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently have occurred, then the 
rate for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring on or after that 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to 
"€STR" were references to the EDFR on such TARGET Business Day plus the arithmetic mean of 
the daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 
TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the date confirmed by the Issuer as being the date 
on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for Notes for which "Screen Rate Determination" is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being €STR cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest 
(as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such 
Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration 
to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
(including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9 (Events of 
Default), in respect of Notes for which "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being €STR, the final Interest Determination Date shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed 
to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes 
shall, for so long as any such Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
For these purposes: 
"€STR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the European Central Bank 
(or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
(ii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; 
"€STR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an €STR Index Cessation Event, the 
first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR); 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events:

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
the publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or 
(ii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over 
the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; and 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB Recommended Rate is 
longer provided. 
(C) 
Replacement Reference Rate Determination for discontinued Reference Rate or if the 
Reference Rate ceases to be an industry accepted rate  
This Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) shall apply to all Notes where Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms. If both this Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) and Condition 3(b)(ii)(D)  
are specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms of Condition 3(b)(ii)(D) shall, 
where applicable, take precedence over the provisions of this Condition 3(b)(ii)(C). 
The interest payable on the Notes may, if so determined in the applicable Final Terms, shall be 
determined by reference to Mid-Swap Rate, or any component customarily used in the determination 
thereof, or any Reference Rate (each of these indices as well as any Replacement Reference Rate 
determined in accordance with this Condition 3(b)(ii)(C), an "Original Reference Rate"), and in 
each case in accordance with the respective applicable sub-paragraph (A) and (B) of this Condition 
3(b) above. 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 3(b), if the Issuer, in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent, determines at any time prior to, on or following any Reset Date or Interest 
Determination Date, a Benchmark Event (as defined below) has occurred in relation to the Notes, 
the Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant Reset 
Date or Interest Determination Date), appoint an agent ("Rate Determination Agent") in respect of 
such Notes, which will determine in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, and in consultation with the Issuer, whether a substitute, alternative or successor 
rate for purposes of determining the relevant Original Reference Rate in respect of each Reset Date 
or Interest Determination Date falling on such date or thereafter that is substantially comparable to 
the Original Reference Rate is available or whether a successor, alternative or substitute rate that 
has been recommended or selected by the monetary authority or similar authority (or working group 
thereof) in the jurisdiction of the applicable currency, or widely recognized industry association or 
body, is available or whether a substitute, alternative or successor rate has developed or is expected 
to develop in an industry accepted rate for debt market instruments such as or comparable to the 
relevant Notes is available. If the Rate Determination Agent has determined a substitute, alternative 
or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate, the "Replacement Reference Rate") 
for purposes of determining the Original Reference Rate on each Reset Date or Interest 
Determination Date falling at least five business days after such determination, (A) the Rate 
Determination Agent will also, in consultation with the Issuer, determine changes (if any) to the 
business day convention, the definition of business day, the Reset Date or Interest Determination 
Date, the Day Count Fraction, the Relevant Screen Page and any method for calculating the 
Replacement Reference Rate and/or any other Conditions (as required by the Rate Determination 
Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), including any Adjustment 
Spread (as defined below) or other adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement Reference 
Rate comparable to the relevant Original Reference Rate (in each case in a manner that is consistent 
with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement Reference Rate); (B) references to the

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
Original Reference Rate in these Conditions applicable to the relevant Floating Rate Notes will be 
deemed to be references to the relevant Replacement Reference Rate, including any alternative 
method for determining such rate as described in (A) above; (C) the Rate Determination Agent will 
(again) notify the Issuer of the foregoing as soon as reasonably practicable; and (D) the Issuer will 
give notice as soon as reasonably practicable to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 13), 
the Calculation Agent and the Principal Paying Agent specifying the Replacement Reference Rate, 
as well as the details described in (A) above. The Issuer may, without the consent of any or all 
Noteholders, make any amendments to these Conditions in relation to the relevant Notes that are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of the foregoing.  
For the avoidance of doubt if a Replacement Reference Rate is determined by the Rate 
Determination Agent in accordance with this Condition 3(b)(ii)(C), this Replacement Reference 
Rate will be applied to all relevant future payments on the relevant Notes, subject to Condition 
3(a)(ii) or Condition 3(b)(ii), as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) 
will be (re-)applied if a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of the Replacement Reference 
Rate. 
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters referred to above by 
the Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the 
Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders and no liability to 
any such person will attach to the Rate Determination Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes in the absence of bad faith or 
fraud. If the Rate Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a Replacement 
Reference Rate, or if the Reset Date or Interest Determination Date would be less than five business 
days prior to the date on which the Rate Determination Agent determined the Replacement 
Reference Rate, then the Original Reference Rate will be equal to the Original Reference Rate last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the preceding Interest Period (but subject to the 
other provisions of Condition 3, but particularly Condition 3(b)(ii)(A) and 3(b)(ii)(B)) in respect of 
the relevant Reset Date or Interest Determination Date, and any subsequent Reset Date or Interest 
Determination Dates will remain subject to the operation of the provisions of this Condition 
3(b)(ii)(C). In such circumstances, the Issuer will re-apply the provisions of this Condition 
3(b)(ii)(C), mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Replacement Reference Rate has 
been determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) (and, until such 
determination and notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these 
Conditions will continue to apply). 
For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted the Replacement 
Reference Rate and such other changes made pursuant to this Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) and no consent 
or approval of any Noteholder shall be required. 
The Rate Determination Agent will (i) be (A) a major bank or broker-dealer in the principal financial 
center of the Specified Currency as appointed by the Issuer, or (B) the Issuer (although the Issuer 
will not be obligated under any circumstances to appoint itself as the Rate, and (ii) if required, have 
obtained the registration, authorization, recognition or endorsement, as applicable, to act as such 
Rate Determination Agent.  
The expression "Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), 
or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Rate Determination 
Agent and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is required to 
be applied to the Replacement Reference Rate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(A)  is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
the Replacement Reference Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such 
recommendation has been made); 
(B) the Rate Determination Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, is recognized or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by such Replacement Reference Rate; or (if the Rate 
Determination Agent determines that no such customary market usage is recognized or 
acknowledged);  
(C)  the Rate Determination Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, is recognized or acknowledged as being the industry standard for debt 
market instruments such as or comparable to the Notes or for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by the Replacement Reference Rate; or (if the Rate Determination Agent determines that no 
such industry accepted standard is recognized or acknowledged). 
The expression "Benchmark Event" means: 
(A)  the Original Reference Rate has ceased to be an industry accepted rate for debt market 
instruments (as determined by the Rate Determination Agent (or if not yet appointed, the 
Issuer) and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) such as, or 
comparable to, the Notes; or 
(B)  it has become unlawful or otherwise prohibited (including, without limitation, for the 
Calculation Agent) pursuant to any law, regulation or instruction from a Competent Authority, 
to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder, Receiptholder and Couponholder 
using the Original Reference Rate or otherwise make use of the Original Reference Rate with 
respect to the Notes; or 
(C)  the Original Reference Rate has ceased to be published for a period of at least five Business 
Days or ceased to exist; or 
(D)  a public statement is made by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate or its supervisor 
that (i) by a specified date within the following six months the Original Reference Rate will no 
longer be representative, cease to be published, be discontinued or be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences (for the avoidance 
of doubt, in case the specified date lies more than six months after the date the public statement 
is made, this event will be deemed to occur as of the date such specified date lies within the 
following six months) or (ii) the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative, has ceased 
to be published, is discontinued or is prohibited from being used or that its use is subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3(b), no Replacement Reference Rate will be 
adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of: 
(i) 
Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities; and 
(ii) Subordinated Notes intended as Tier 2 Notes; 
(in each case, specified in the applicable Final Terms) will be made pursuant to this Condition 
3(b)(ii)(C), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be 
expected to: 
(1)  
in the case Notes which are specified in the applicable Final Term as intended to qualify 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities: 
(a)  
prejudice the qualification of such Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities; and/or 
(b)  
result in the Competent Authority treating the next Interest Payment Date as 
the effective maturity of the such Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date; 
and 
(2) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, which are specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
intended as Tier 2 Notes:

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
(a) 
impact upon the eligibility of such Notes as tier 2 capital for the purposes of 
the regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer from time to time; and/or 
(b)  
result in the Competent Authority treating the next Interest Payment Date as 
the effective maturity of such Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date; or 
(c) 
result in the Competent Authority considering such adoption and/or 
amendment(s) as a new issuance of such Notes. 
Any amendment to the Conditions applicable to Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities and Subordinated Notes intended as Tier 2 Notes pursuant to this Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) is 
subject to the prior consent of the Competent Authority. 
In this Condition 3(b)(ii)(C): 
"Competent Authority" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 2(c) 
"MREL Eligible Liabilities" has the meaning given thereto Condition 5(e). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
such Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (A) the European Central Bank, the Dutch Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank) 
or such other regulatory authority or governmental body having primary responsibility for the 
prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer, or, as the case may be, a Resolution 
Authority, (B) the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, 
(C) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (D) a group of the aforementioned central banks 
or other supervisory authorities, or (E) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
(D) 
Benchmark Discontinuation (ARRC Fallbacks) 
This Condition 3(b)(ii)(D) shall apply to all Notes where Condition 3(b)(ii)(D) is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 3(b) if for any Reset Date or Interest 
Determination Date the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof), the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavors, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
appoint an Independent Adviser to determine (in consultation with the Issuer) the Benchmark 
Replacement which will replace the then-current Benchmark (or such component) for all purposes 
relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all 
subsequent Interest Determination Dates (subject to the subsequent operation of this provision). 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Independent Adviser, in 
consultation with the Issuer, will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes from time to time. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Independent Adviser, in 
consultation with the Issuer, pursuant to this section, including any determination with respect to a 
rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any 
decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection: 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
(ii) will be made in the sole discretion of the Independent Adviser, in consultation with the Issuer, 
as applicable; and 
(iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions, shall become effective without 
consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party (including the Calculation Agent and 
the Agents). 
Where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR Average and if 
the Issuer is not able to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser does not 
determine and give notice to the Calculation Agent of a Benchmark Replacement as provided above 
five business days prior to the next Interest Determination Date, then SOFR Average shall be 
determined by the Issuer in accordance with USD-SOFR-COMPOUND as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
Where: 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded Daily SOFR or SOFR Average as such terms are 
defined above; provided that if for any Interest Determination Date the Issuer determines on or prior 
to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to Compounded Daily SOFR or SOFR Average, as the case may 
be (including any daily published component used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current 
Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
"Benchmark Replacement" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SOFR or SOFR Average, 
the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Independent 
Adviser, in consultation with the Issuer, as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate reference rate that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
(including any daily published component used in the calculation thereof) and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
(B) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate reference rate that has been selected by the Independent 
Adviser, in consultation with the Issuer, as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the calculation thereof) 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted reference rate as a replacement for 
the then-current Benchmark (or such component) for U.S. dollar denominated floating 
rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Independent Adviser, in consultation with the Issuer, as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; or 
(ii) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, 
then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(iii) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
by the Independent Adviser, in consultation with the Issuer, giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark (including any daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof) with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time;

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the timing 
and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts and other 
administrative matters (including changes to the fallback provisions)) that the Independent Adviser, 
in consultation with the Issuer, decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Independent 
Adviser, in consultation with the Issuer, decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice 
is not administratively feasible or if the Independent Adviser, in consultation with the Issuer, 
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as the Independent Adviser, in consultation with the Issuer, determines is reasonably 
necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the later of 
(a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the 
date on which the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs 
on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such 
determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of the 
Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such 
component), which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(iii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that the Benchmark (or such 
component) is no longer representative; 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark. 
"Independent Adviser" means a reputable independent financial institution or other reputable 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense;

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 and 2021 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from 
time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time 
to time; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the 
Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the calculation thereof) of the 
applicable tenor excluding any applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means the SOFR 
Determination Time, or (if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred), the time determined by the Independent Adviser, in consultation with the 
Issuer, after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
"Term SOFR" means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor based 
on SOFR (as defined in Condition 3(b)(ii)(B) above) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
In the event Compounded Daily SOFR or SOFR Average cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions, Compounded Daily SOFR or SOFR Average, as the case may be, will be 
(i) that determined at the last preceding Interest Determination Date or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest (minus the Margin) which would 
have been applicable to the Notes for the scheduled first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on, and excluding, the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3(b), no Benchmark Replacement will be 
adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of: 
(i) 
Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities; and 
(ii) Subordinated Notes intended as Tier 2 Notes; 
(in each case, specified in the applicable Final Terms) will be made pursuant to this Condition 
3(b)(ii)(D), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be 
expected to: 
(1)  
in the case Notes which are specified in the applicable Final Term as intended to qualify 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities: 
(a)  
prejudice the qualification of such Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities; and/or 
(b)  
result in the Competent Authority treating the next Interest Payment Date as 
the effective maturity of the such Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date; 
and 
(2) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, which are specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
intended as Tier 2 Notes:

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
(a) 
impact upon the eligibility of such Notes as tier 2 capital for the purposes of 
the regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer from time to time; and/or 
(b)  
result in the Competent Authority treating the next Interest Payment Date as 
the effective maturity of such Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date; or 
(c) 
result in the Competent Authority considering such adoption and/or 
amendment(s) as a new issuance of such Notes. 
Any amendment to the Conditions applicable to Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities 
and Subordinated Notes intended as Tier 2 Notes pursuant to this Condition 3(b)(ii)(D) is subject to the 
prior consent of the Competent Authority. 
(c) Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period is determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.  
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period is determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this paragraph (c): 
"Maximum Rate of Interest" means the maximum rate of interest specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" means the minimum rate of interest specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or if no such rate is stated the minimum rate of interest shall be deemed zero. 
(d) Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.  
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the Floating Rate 
Notes in respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount 
shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such 
sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention.  
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period 
in accordance with Condition 3(d) either (1) a Day Count Fraction as further defined in Condition 3(a)(i), 
if so indicated in the applicable Final Terms, or (2): 
(i) 
if 'Actual/Actual (ISDA)' is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(ii) if 'Actual/365 (Fixed)' is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) if 'Actual/365 (Sterling)' is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366;

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
(iv) if 'Actual/360' is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) if '30/360', '360/360' or 'Bond Basis' is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 
360 days with 12 30 day months (unless (a) the last day of the Interest Period is the 31st day of a 
month but the first day of the Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in 
which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30 day 
month or (b) the last day of the Interest Period is the last day of the month of February in which case 
the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30 day month)); and 
(vi) if '30E/360' or 'Eurobond Basis' is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with 12 30 day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Interest 
Period unless, in the case of an Interest Period ending on the Maturity Date the Maturity Date is the 
last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to 
be lengthened to a 30 day month). 
(e) Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and admitted to trading and notice thereof to be published 
in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than 
the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any 
such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes are for the time being listed and admitted to trading and to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13.  
For the purposes of this Condition 3(e): 
"London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in London. 
(f) Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 3, whether by the Agent 
or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of willful default, bad faith or manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent, if applicable, the other Paying Agents and all 
Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the 
Issuer, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, if applicable, in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(g) Principal and Interest on Dual Currency Notes 
In the case of Dual Currency Notes payments (whether in respect of principal or interest and whether at 
maturity or otherwise) will be made in such currencies, and based on such rates of exchange, as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(h) Interest on Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes and absent failure to pay any Instalment Amount due on any Partly Paid 
Note, interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid up nominal amount of such Notes.  
(i) Accrual of Interest

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease 
to bear interest (if any) from the date of its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever 
is the earlier of: 
(1) the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(2) five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by the 
Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
or individually. 
(j) Change of Interest Basis Option 
If "Change of Interest Basis Option" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, subject to notification to Euronext in Amsterdam, the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (if the Notes are being listed or 
admitted to trading on such stock exchange or the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) 
and having given: 
(1) notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13; and 
(2) notice to the Agent,  
not less than the number of Business Days equal to the Interest Basis Option Period (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) prior to the date on which the Change of Interest Basis Option shall be effective 
(both of which notices shall be irrevocable) exercising the Change of Interest Basis Option upon which 
the Interest Basis of the Notes shall change from the Initial Interest Basis (which shall cease to apply) to 
the Subsequent Interest Basis (which shall commence to apply), effective as of the Change of Interest 
Basis Option Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) immediately following the date on which 
the notice referred to above is given. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(j): 
"Initial Interest Basis" means the initial interest basis applicable on the Issue Date as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and  
"Subsequent Interest Basis" means the interest basis specified as such in the applicable Final Terms that 
shall commence to apply from and including the Change of Interest Basis Option Date (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms).  
4. 
Payments 
(a) Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than Euro will be made by transfer to an account in the 
relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of 
Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, or by a cheque in such 
Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial center of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars, shall be Sydney provided, however, 
that no payment will be made by transfer to an account in, or by cheque mailed to an address in, the 
United States or any of its possessions); and 
(ii) payments in Euro will be made by credit or transfer to a Euro account (or any other account to which 
Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a Euro 
cheque provided, however, that no payment will be made by transfer to an account in, or by cheque 
mailed to an address in, the United States or any of its possessions. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations, and (ii) any applicable 
FATCA Withholding, but in each case without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
(b) Presentation of Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against surrender of definitive Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
surrender of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of any 
payments to be made in U.S. Dollars, outside the United States). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any), other than the final instalment, will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above against presentation and surrender of the 
relevant Receipt. Payment of the final instalment will be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) 
above against surrender of the relevant Note. Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant 
instalment together with the definitive Note to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the 
definitive Note to which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on 
which any definitive Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Dual Currency Notes and Long Maturity Notes (as defined 
below)) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto 
(which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being 
made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid 
bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at 
any time before the expiry of five years after the date on which such principal first became due (whether 
or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 9) or, if later, five years from 
the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due. Upon any Fixed Rate Note becoming 
due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Receipts and Talons (if any) appertaining 
thereto will become void and no payments in respect of any such Receipts and no further Coupons in 
respect of any such Talons will be made or issued, as the case may be. Upon the date on which any 
Floating Rate Note, Dual Currency Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made 
in respect thereof. Where any such Note is presented for redemption without all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity 
as the Issuer may require.  
A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon 
attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided 
that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the 
aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such 
Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case 
may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Note. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will (subject 
as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes and otherwise 
in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, 
of such Global Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent. A record of each payment made against 
presentation or surrender of such Global Note, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any 
payment of interest, will in case of a CGN be made on such Global Note by such Paying Agent and such 
record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been made and in case of an NGN 
pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, for its share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such 
Global Note. No person other than the holder of such Global Note shall have any claim against the Issuer 
in respect of any payments due on that Global Note. 
In the case of Global Notes held by Euroclear Netherlands, payment of interest or principal or any other 
payments on or in respect of the Notes to the Noteholders will be effected through admitted institutions 
(aangesloten instellingen) of Euroclear Netherlands. The Issuer shall deposit or cause to be deposited the 
funds intended for payment on the Notes in an account of Euroclear Netherlands. The Issuer will by such 
deposit be discharged of its obligations towards the Noteholders. No person other than the holder of the 
Global Note shall have any claim against the Issuer in respect of any payments due on that Global Note. 
Euroclear Netherlands will be discharged of its obligation to pay by paying the relevant funds to the 
admitted institutions of Euroclear Netherlands which according to Euroclear Netherlands' record hold a 
share in the girodepot with respect to such Notes, the relevant payment to be made in proportion to the 
share in such girodepot held by each of such admitted institution of Euroclear Netherlands. Euroclear 
Netherlands shall not be obliged to make any payment in excess of funds it actually received as funds free 
of charges of any kind whatsoever. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, U.S. Dollar payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will 
be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States (which expression, as used herein, 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)) if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. Dollars at 
such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on the 
Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at all such specified offices outside the United States is 
illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment 
or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. Dollars; and 
(iii) such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(c) Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  
For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day (subject to Condition 8) which is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in (1) in case 
of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation and (2) any Additional Financial 
Centre; and  
(ii) either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial 
center of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars, shall be Sydney) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a day on which 
T2 is open. 
For the purposes of this paragraph (c): 
"Additional Financial Centre" means any financial center specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
(d) Interpretation of Principal and Interest

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7; 
(ii) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) in relation to Instalment Notes, the Instalment Amounts; 
(vi) in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount; and 
(vii) any premium and any other amounts which may be payable by the Issuer under or in respect of the 
Notes. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7. 
In these Conditions:  
"Amortised Face Amount" has the meaning specified in Condition 5(g)(iii); 
"Instalment Amount(s)" means the amount(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Term; and 
"Optional Redemption Amount(s)" means an amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
and if no such amount is specified, the nominal amount of such Note. 
5. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) At Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed 
by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant 
Specified Currency on the Maturity Date (in the case of a Note other than a Floating Rate Note) or on the 
Interest Payment Date falling in the month of redemption (in the case of a Floating Rate Note) or by 
instalments in the Instalment Amount(s) and on the Instalment Date(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (in the case of a Note redeemable in instalments). 
In these Conditions: 
"Instalment Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) Redemption for Tax Reasons 
If this Condition 5(b) is applicable, Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not 
in part, at any time (in the case of Notes other than Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date 
(in the case of Floating Rate Notes), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable) if, on the occasion of 
the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts 
as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Series or Tranche of the 
Notes. Each Note redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5(b) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 5(g) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
Redemption of the Subordinated Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms to be intended as Tier 2 
Notes is subject to (i) the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority (including pursuant to 
Article 77 CRR) and (ii) the Issuer demonstrating to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that it 
meets the conditions therefor (including those of Article 78 CRR), which may include requiring the 
replacement of the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer. The Competent Authority may only permit the Issuer to 
redeem the Notes at any time within five years after the Issue Date if, without prejudice to this 
Condition5(b), there is a change in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes which the Issuer demonstrates 
to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the time 
of their issuance. 
Redemption of the Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities is subject to (i) the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority and (ii) compliance 
with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such redemption as may be required by 
the Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL Regulations at such time. 
In this Condition 5(b): 
"Competent Authority" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 2(c) 
"CRR" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 5(e); and 
"MREL Eligible Liabilities" has the meaning given thereto Condition 5(e). 
(c) Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call Option) 
This Condition 5(c) does not apply to Subordinated Notes, which are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be intended as Tier 2 Notes, prior to five years from their Issue Date. 
If Issuer Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13; 
and 
(ii) not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Agent, 
(both of which notices shall be irrevocable), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date(s). 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or 
greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount, both as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the 
case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will be selected 
individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance 
with the rules of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion) 
and/or Euroclear Netherlands, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the 
"Selection Date"). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial 
numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes shall bear the same proportion to the aggregate nominal amount of all 
Redeemed Notes as the aggregate nominal amount of definitive Notes outstanding bears to the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, in each case on the Selection Date, provided that such first 
mentioned nominal amount shall, if necessary, be rounded downwards to the nearest integral multiple of 
the Specified Denomination, and the aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Notes represented by a 
Global Note shall be equal to the balance of the Redeemed Notes. No exchange of the relevant Global 
Note will be permitted during the period from and including the Selection Date to and including the date 
fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(c) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 at least 5 days prior to the Selection Date.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
Redemption of the Subordinated Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms to be intended as Tier 2 
Notes is subject to (i) the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority (including pursuant to 
Article 77 CRR) and (ii) the Issuer demonstrating to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that it 
meets the conditions therefor (including those of Article 78 CRR), which may include requiring the 
replacement of the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer. 
Redemption of the Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities is subject to (i) the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority and (ii) compliance 
with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such redemption as may be required by 
the Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL Regulations at such time. 
In this Condition 5(c): 
"Applicable MREL Regulations" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 5(e); 
"Competent Authority" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 2(c);  
"CRR" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 5(e); and 
"MREL Eligible Liabilities" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 5(e). 
In these Conditions: 
"Optional Redemption Date(s)" means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
date(s) designated and notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders (in the event an Issuer Call Option is 
applicable) or by the Noteholders to the Issuer (in the event an Investor Put Option is applicable). 
(d) Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Investor Put Option) 
This Condition 5(d) does not apply to Notes which are specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
intended as Tier 2 Notes or intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
If Investor Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to 
the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice or such other 
period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable), the Issuer 
will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem in whole (but not in part), such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
If this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or, if 
applicable, Euroclear Netherlands, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note its holder must 
deliver at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such 
Paying Agent falling within the notice period a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a "Put Notice") 
and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is by cheque, an address) to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the 
Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or 
under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or, if applicable, Euroclear Netherlands, to exercise the right to require 
redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent of 
such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or, 
if applicable, Euroclear Netherlands (which may include notice being given on its instruction by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them or, if applicable, Euroclear Netherlands, 
to the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or, if 
applicable, Euroclear Netherlands, from time to time and, if this Note is represented by a Global Note 
which is a CGN, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Note to the 
Agent for notation accordingly. If this Note is represented by a Global Note which is a NGN, upon the

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
exercise of an Investor Put Option, the Agent shall instruct Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
any common safekeeper for them to update their records as applicable. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable except where 
prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing in which 
event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to 
this paragraph and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 9. 
(e) Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory purposes of Notes specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities 
This Condition 5(e) applies only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities, in each case, only where "Regulatory Call" and/or "Substitution or 
Variation" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and references to "Notes" and 
"Noteholders" in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
If "Regulatory Call" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may during 
the exercise period specified in the applicable Final Terms upon the occurrence of an MREL 
Disqualification Event redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, at any time, on giving not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders, or such other period of notice as is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 13. In the case of a redemption of the Notes 
in accordance with (and subject to the conditions of) this Condition 5(e), the Issuer will redeem the Notes 
in accordance with the Conditions at the Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Any redemption of the Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities is subject to the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority and any other 
statutory requirements (including under the Applicable MREL Regulations at such time).  
If "Substitution or Variation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may upon 
the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event, at its option and at any time substitute the Notes, in 
whole but not in part, or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, in such a way that they remain qualified or, as appropriate, 
become qualified as MREL Eligible Liabilities on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders, or such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, in accordance with Condition 13.  
The variation or substitution shall not result in terms that are materially less favorable to the interests of 
the Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer). Following such variation or substitution, the 
resulting Notes shall (1) have a ranking at least equal to that of the Notes immediately prior to such 
variation or substitution, (2) have at least the same interest rate and the same interest payment dates as 
those from time to time applying to the Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution, (3) have 
the same Maturity Date and redemption rights as Notes immediately prior to such variation or 
substitution, (4) preserve any existing rights under the Notes immediately prior to such variation or 
substitution to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) 
the interest payment date last preceding the date of variation or substitution, (5) have assigned (or 
maintain) the same credit ratings as were assigned to the Notes immediately prior to such variation or 
substitution and (6) be listed on a recognized stock exchange if the Notes prior to such variation or 
substitution were listed. 
Any substitution or variation of the Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities is subject to the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority and 
any other statutory requirements (including under the Applicable MREL Regulations at such time).  
As used in this Condition 5(e): 
"Applicable MREL Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, 
rules, standards and policies relating to the MREL Requirement then in effect and applicable to the Issuer 
(whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated basis) including, without limitation to the generality of the 
foregoing, (where relevant) CRD, the SRM Regulation, the BRRD, any delegated or implementing acts 
(such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commissions and any regulations,

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor 
regulations then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law 
and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer); 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (or, 
as the case may be, any provision of Dutch law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended 
or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, by Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 and Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019); 
"Competent Authority" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 2(c); 
"CRD" means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD Directive, the CRR and any 
CRD Implementing Measures; 
"CRD Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions 
and investment firms (or, as the case may be, any provision of Dutch law transposing or implementing 
such Directive), as amended (including by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2019) or replaced from time to time; 
"CRD Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules or regulations or other requirements, 
which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules, 
regulations or other requirements) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their 
inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated basis) to the extent 
required by the CRD Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation 
any regulatory technical standards released from time to time by the European Banking Authority (or any 
successor or replacement thereof); 
"CRR" means Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 
648/2012, as amended (including by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019) or replaced from time to time; 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means the determination by the Issuer that, as a result of a change in 
any Applicable MREL Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, the Notes will be fully 
excluded or partially excluded from the Issuer's MREL Eligible Liabilities determined in accordance with, 
and pursuant to, the Applicable MREL Regulations, provided that an MREL Disqualification Event shall 
not occur where such exclusion of the relevant Notes in whole or in part from the Issuer's MREL Eligible 
Liabilities is due to (i) the remaining maturity of the Notes being less than any period prescribed by the 
Applicable MREL Regulations effective with respect to the Issuer or (ii) any applicable limits on the 
amount of MREL Eligible Liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the MREL Requirement; 
"MREL Eligible Liabilities" means "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) which are 
available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL 
Regulations) of the Issuer (whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated basis) under Applicable MREL 
Regulations; 
"MREL Requirement" means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities which is 
or, as the case may be, will be applicable to the Issuer (whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated basis) and 
including any subordination requirement that may become applicable to the Issuer pursuant to a decision 
of the Resolution Authority;  
"Resolution Authority" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 2(c); and 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions 
and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
Fund, as amended (including by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019) or replaced from time to time. 
(f) Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory purposes of Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 5(f) applies only to Subordinated Notes, in each case, only where "Regulatory Call" and/or 
"Substitution or Variation" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and references 
to "Notes" and "Noteholders" in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
If "Regulatory Call" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may upon 
the occurrence of a Capital Event or an MREL Disqualification Event redeem the Notes, in whole but not 
in part, at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders, or such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance 
with Condition 13, provided that redemption upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event 
may not take place unless a Capital Event has occurred and is continuing.  
Redemption of the Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms to be intended as Tier 2 Notes is subject 
to (i) the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority (including pursuant to Article 77 CRR) 
and (ii) the Issuer demonstrating to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that it meets the conditions 
therefor (including those of Article 78 CRR), which may include requiring the replacement of the Notes 
with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity 
of the Issuer. In the case of a redemption of the Notes in accordance with (and subject to the conditions 
of) this Condition 5(f), the Issuer will redeem the Notes in accordance with the Conditions at the Early 
Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
Redemption of the Subordinated Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities is subject to (i) the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority and 
(ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such redemption as may 
be required by the Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL Regulations at such time.  
If "Substitution or Variation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may upon 
the occurrence of a Capital Event or an MREL Disqualification Event at its option and at any time 
substitute the Notes, in whole but not in part, or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, in such a way that:  
(i) 
in the case of the occurrence of a Capital Event, the Notes remain or, as appropriate, 
become compliant with (i) CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the 
Issuer at the relevant time and (ii) the requirements of the Competent Authority in relation 
to Tier 2 capital and (ii) the then current requirements of the Competent Authority in 
relation to Tier 2 capital at the relevant time; and 
(ii) 
in the case of the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event, the Notes remain 
qualified or, as appropriate, become qualified as MREL Eligible Liabilities, 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders, or such other 
period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 13. The 
variation or substitution shall not result in terms that are materially less favorable to the interests of the 
Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer). Following such variation or substitution, the 
resulting Notes shall (1) have a ranking at least equal to that of the Notes immediately prior to such 
variation or substitution, (2) have at least the same interest rate and the same interest payment dates as 
those from time to time applying to the Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution, (3) have 
the same Maturity Date and redemption rights as Notes immediately prior to such variation or 
substitution, (4) preserve any existing rights under the Notes immediately prior to such variation or 
substitution to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) 
the interest payment date last preceding the date of variation or substitution, (5) have assigned (or 
maintain) the same credit ratings as were assigned to the Notes immediately prior to such variation or 
substitution and (6) be listed on a recognized stock exchange if the Notes prior to such variation or 
substitution were listed.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
Any substitution or variation of the Subordinated Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
intended as Tier 2 Notes is subject to the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority and 
compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such substitution or variation 
as may be required by the Competent Authority or CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable 
to the Issuer or Applicable MREL Regulations at the relevant time. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Competent Authority has discretion as to whether or not it will permit any such substitution or variation 
of the Subordinated Notes. 
Any substitution or variation of the Subordinated Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities is subject to the prior (written) permission of the 
Competent Authority and any other statutory requirements (including under the Applicable MREL 
Regulations at such time).  
As used in this Condition 5(f): 
"Applicable MREL Regulations" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 5(e); 
"Capital Event" means a change in the regulatory classification of a Note that has resulted or would be 
likely to result in the Note being excluded, in whole but not in part, from the Tier 2 capital of the Issuer 
or reclassified as a lower quality form of own funds of the Issuer, which change in regulatory classification 
(or reclassification) (i) becomes effective on or after the Issue Date and (ii) if redeemed within five years 
after the Issue Date, (a) such change is considered by the Competent Authority to be sufficiently certain 
and (b) the regulatory reclassification was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance as 
demonstrated by the Issuer to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority as required by Article 78(4) 
CRR; 
"Competent Authority" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 2(c); 
"CRD" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 5(e); 
"CRR" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 5(e); 
"MREL Disqualification Event" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 5(e); and 
"MREL Eligible Liabilities" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 5(e). 
(g) Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of, and subject to, Conditions 5(b), 5(e), 5(f) and 5(m) Condition 9, each Note will be 
redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(ii) in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note but including an Instalment Note and Partly 
Paid Note) with a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price 
or which is payable in a Specified Currency other than that in which the Notes are denominated, at 
its nominal amount; or 
(iii) in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = Reference Price * (1 + AY)y 
where: 
"Reference Price" means the reference price as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"AY" means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"y" is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis 
of the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if none is specified in the

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
applicable Final Terms, a 360 day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Series or Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator of which is calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if none is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 360. 
(h) Instalments 
Instalment Notes will be repaid in the Instalment Amount(s) and on the Instalment Date(s). In case of 
early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant to Condition 5(d) above.  
(i) Partly Paid Notes 
If the Notes are Partly Paid Notes, they will be redeemed, whether at Maturity, early redemption or 
otherwise at the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes.  
(j) Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
definitive Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, re-issued, resold or, at 
the option of the purchaser, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
The purchase by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities shall be subject to (i) the prior (written) permission of 
the Competent Authority and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable 
to, such purchase as may be required by the Competent Authority or Applicable MREL Regulations at 
the relevant time.  
The purchase by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of Subordinated Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be intended as Tier 2 Notes shall be subject to (i) the prior (written) permission of the 
Competent Authority (including pursuant to Article 77 CRR) and may not take place within five years 
after the Issue Date unless permitted under applicable laws and regulations (including CRD as then in 
effect) and (ii) compliance with any other conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such purchase or 
redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or CRD or such other regulatory capital rules 
applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time  (including Article 78 CRR). 
As used in Condition 5(j): 
"Applicable MREL Regulations" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 5(e); 
"Competent Authority" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 2(c); 
"CRD" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 5(e); 
"CRR" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 5(e); and 
"MREL Eligible Liabilities" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 5(e). 
(k) Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts and 
Coupons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and 
the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 5(i) (together with all unmatured Receipts and 
Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be re-issued or resold. 
(l) Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to Condition 5(a), 5(b), 5(c) or 5(d) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided 
in Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 5(g)(iii) above as though the 
references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note 
becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by the 
Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 13. 
(m) Statutory Loss Absorption and Recapitalisation of Notes 
Notes may become subject to the determination by the Resolution Authority or the Issuer (following 
instructions from the Resolution Authority) that without the consent of the relevant Noteholders  all or 
part of the principal amount of such Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must 
be written down or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, subject to write-up by the Resolution Authority 
(such write-down, "Statutory Loss Absorption") or all or part of the principal amount of such Notes, 
including accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be converted into claims which may give 
right to Common Equity Tier 1 instruments (such conversion, "Recapitalisation"), all as prescribed by 
the Applicable Resolution Framework. 
Upon any such determination (i) the relevant proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of the Notes 
subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall be written down or converted into Common 
Equity Tier 1 instruments or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, as prescribed by the Applicable 
Resolution Framework, (ii) such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall not constitute an 
Event of Default and (iii) Noteholders will have no further claims in respect of the amount so written 
down or the amount subject to conversion or otherwise as a result of such Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation, including with respect to any accrued but unpaid interest on such written down or 
converted amounts. 
Upon any write down or conversion of a proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of the Notes, any 
reference in these Conditions to principal, nominal amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount of the Notes shall be deemed to be to the amount 
resulting after such write down or conversion. 
In addition, subject to the determination by the Resolution Authority and without the consent of the 
Noteholders, the Notes may be subject to other resolution measures as envisaged under the Applicable 
Resolution Framework, such as replacement or substitution of the Issuer, transfer of the Notes, 
expropriation of Noteholders, modification of the terms of the Notes and/or suspension or termination of 
the listings of the Notes. Such determination, the implementation thereof and the rights of Noteholders 
shall be as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, which may include the concept that, 
upon such determination, no Noteholder shall be entitled to claim any indemnification or payment in 
respect of any tax or other consequences arising from any such event and that any such event shall not 
constitute an Event of Default. 
The Issuer shall as soon as practicable give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
and to the Agent that any such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation has occurred and of the 
amount adjusted downwards upon the occurrence of such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation. 
Failure to provide such notice will not have any impact on the effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, 
any such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation or give Noteholders any rights as a result of such 
failure. 
As used in this Condition 5(m): 
"Applicable Resolution Framework" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 2(c); and 
"Resolution Authority" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 2(c). 
6. 
Currency Linked Notes 
If the Notes are specified as Currency Linked Interest Notes and/or Currency Linked Redemption Notes in 
the applicable Final Terms, the provisions of this Condition 6 apply, as applicable.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
(a) Interest on Currency Linked Interest Notes 
 
Each Currency Linked Interest Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount (or, if it is a Partly Paid 
Note, the amount paid up) from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date in accordance with 
Condition 3 and as specified in the applicable Final Terms which may specify any Day Count Fraction as 
included in Condition 3(a)(i) and 3(d). Payments of interest in respect of Currency Linked Interest Notes will 
be calculated on the Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Date by reference to a single currency rate of 
exchange or basket of currency rates of exchange, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, with the 
following formula: 
Interest payable in Base Currency = Interest payable in the Relevant Currency or Currencies * 
applicable exchange rate(s) appearing on the Currency Price Source on the Currency Exchange 
Rate Valuation Date 
(b) Redemption of Currency Linked Redemption Notes  
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Currency Linked Redemption Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount, payable in the Base Currency, on the Maturity Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Payments of principal in respect of Currency Linked Redemption 
Notes will be calculated on the Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Date by reference to a single currency 
rate of exchange or basket of currency rates of exchange as specified in the applicable Final Terms, with the 
following formula: 
Principal payable in Base Currency = Principal payable in the Relevant Currency or Currencies 
* applicable exchange rate(s) appearing on the Currency Price Source on the Currency Exchange 
Rate Valuation Date 
(c) Market Disruption Events 
If the Calculation Agent determines in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Date that a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing in respect of one or more currency exchange rates, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the currency exchange rate(s) on such Currency Exchange Rate Valuation 
Date taking into consideration all information that it deems relevant. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is unable to determine the currency exchange rate(s) pursuant to 
the paragraph above, the Issuer may take the action described in (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to these Conditions as it considers 
appropriate to account for any such Market Disruption Event and determine the date(s) on which any 
such adjustments will be effective; or 
(ii) give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 and redeem all, but not some only, 
of the Currency Linked Notes, at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(f)). 
 
Upon the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 giving details of the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto. 
Redemption of the Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms to be intended as Tier 2 Notes pursuant to 
subparagraph (ii) above is subject to (a) the prior (written) permission of the Competent Authority (including 
pursuant to Article 77 CRR) and (b) the Issuer demonstrating to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority 
that it meets the conditions therefor (including those of Article 78 CRR), which may include requiring the 
replacement of the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable 
for the income capacity of the Issuer.  
Redemption of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities pursuant to sub-paragraph (ii) is subject to (a) the prior (written) permission of 
the Competent Authority and (b) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, 
such redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL Regulations at 
such time.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 6: 
"Applicable MREL Regulations" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 5(e); 
"Base Currency" means the base currency specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Competent Authority" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 2(c); 
"Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Date" means any day on which a currency exchange rate is to be 
determined, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Currency Price Source" means the price source(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if the relevant 
rate is not published or announced by such price source at the relevant time, the successor or alternative price 
source or page/publication for the relevant rate as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"CRD" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 5(e); 
"CRR" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 5(e); 
"Market Disruption Event" means a Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Date on which it becomes 
impossible to obtain the Relevant Currency exchange rate(s), the corresponding successor page or a similar 
source; 
"MREL Eligible Liabilities" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 5(e); and 
"Relevant Currency" means the relevant currency specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts, Talons and Coupons by the Issuer 
will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Netherlands 
or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such withholding 
or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will depending on which provision is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms either: 
(a) make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
for the account of the holders of the Notes, Receipts, Talons or Coupons, as the case may be, and shall 
not pay any additional amounts to the holders of the Notes, Receipts, Talons or Coupons; or 
(b) pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders 
of the Notes, Receipts, Talons or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes, 
Receipts, Talons or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt, Talon or 
Coupon: 
(i) in the case of (i) Subordinated Notes intended as Tier 2 Notes, or (ii) Notes specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, in respect of any 
payment of (or relating to any such withholding or deduction in respect of) any amount of principal 
or other amounts other than interest; or 
(ii) presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder who is liable 
for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of it having some 
connection with the Netherlands other than the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon or 
the receipt of principal or interest in respect thereof; or 
(iii) presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder who could 
avoid such withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim 
for exemption to the relevant tax authority; or

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
(iv) presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the 
extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the 
same for payment on such thirtieth day (assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined 
in Condition 4(c)); or 
(v) where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax 
Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021).  
Payments in respect of the Notes, Receipts, Talons or Coupons may be subject to FATCA Withholding. If 
an amount in respect of FATCA Withholding were to be deducted or withheld from a payment on, or in 
respect of, the Notes, Receipts, Talons or Coupons, such amount will be treated as paid for all purposes under 
the Notes, Receipts, Talons and Coupons, and neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent nor any other person 
shall be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the FATCA Withholding. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7: 
"FATCA Withholding" means any withholding or deduction required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Revenue Code, any current or future regulations, official guidance or interpretations thereof, any 
agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Revenue Code and any intergovernmental 
agreements (or related legislation or official administrative rules or practices) implementing any of the 
foregoing; 
"Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of 
the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date 
on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
8. 
Prescription 
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will be prescribed unless presented for payment within a period of five 
years starting on the day following the date on which such payment first becomes due. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for 
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 4(b) or any Talon which 
would be void pursuant to Condition 4(b). 
9. 
Events of Default  
(a) Senior Preferred Notes Events of Default 
This Condition 9(a) shall apply only to Senior Preferred Notes not specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities and references to "Notes" and "Noteholders", 
"Coupons" and "Couponholders" and "Receipts" and "Receiptholders" in this Condition 9(a) shall be 
construed accordingly. 
If any one or more of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall have occurred and be 
continuing: 
(i) 
default is made for more than 30 days in the payment of interest or principal in respect of the 
Notes; or 
(ii) the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Notes and such failure 
has continued for the period of 60 days following the service on the Issuer of notice requiring the 
same to be remedied; or 
(iii) any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or dissolution 
of the Issuer save either (a) for the purposes of reorganization on terms approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders (as defined in Condition 14) or (b) in connection with 
a reorganization under which the continuing entity effectively assumes all the rights and 
obligations of the Issuer; or

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
(iv) the Issuer is or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable 
law in its jurisdiction of incorporation or is declared bankrupt (failliet verklaard); or 
(v) the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part of its business; or 
(vi) any of the following events: 
(A) 
proceedings are initiated against the Issuer under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, 
composition, reorganization or other similar laws; or 
(B) 
an application is made for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, 
administrator or other similar official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, 
administrator or other similar official is appointed in relation to the Issuer, as the case may 
be, in relation to the whole or a material part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer; or 
(C) 
an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a material part of the undertaking or 
assets of the Issuer; or 
(D) 
a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, 
sued out or put in force against the whole or a material part of the undertaking or assets of 
the Issuer; 
and in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged within 30 days; 
or 
(vii) if the Issuer initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable 
liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganization or other similar laws or makes a conveyance 
or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its 
creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal 
for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors),  
then any Noteholder may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Agent, effective 
upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare the Note held by the holder to be forthwith due 
and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 5(g)), together with accrued Interest (if any) to the date of 
repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
The application of Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation as referred to in Condition 5(m) in 
respect of the Notes does not constitute an Event of Default. 
(b) Limited Remedies in case of Non-Payment under Senior Preferred Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the 
Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 9(b) shall apply only to Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes (specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms) and references to "Notes" and "Noteholders", "Coupons" and "Couponholders" and 
"Receipts" and "Receiptholders" in this Condition 9(b) shall be construed accordingly. 
With respect to the Senior Preferred Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes only, if any one or 
more of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall have occurred and be continuing: 
(i) 
the Issuer is declared bankrupt (failliet verklaard); or 
(ii) an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the liquidation of the Issuer unless this is 
done in connection with a merger, consolidation or other form of combination or this involves a 
solvent liquidation, 
then any Noteholder may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Agent, effective 
upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare the Note held by the holder to be forthwith due

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at the Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 5(g)), together with accrued Interest (if any) to the date of 
repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, provided that (i) 
repayment of Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms to be intended as Tier 2 Notes under this 
Condition will only be effected after the Issuer has obtained the prior (written) permission of the 
Competent Authority and (ii) repayment of Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to 
qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities will only be effected after the Issuer has obtained the prior (written) 
permission of the Competent Authority. 
Noteholders, Couponholders and Receiptholders may not themselves petition for the bankruptcy of the 
Issuer or for its liquidation, winding-up, moratorium or dissolution. Save as provided above, the sole 
remedy available to Noteholders, Couponholders and Receiptholders shall be to institute proceedings 
against the Issuer to demand specific performance (nakoming eisen) of any such obligation of the Issuer 
under or arising from such Notes or the related Coupons and/or Receipts, including, without limitation, 
payment of any principal or premium or satisfaction of any interest payments in respect of the Notes or 
the related Coupons and/or receipts, in each case when not satisfied for a period of 30 or more days after 
the date on which such payment is due, but in no event shall the Issuer, by virtue of the institution of 
any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums, in cash or otherwise, sooner than the same 
would otherwise have been payable by it. 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as referred to in this Condition 9(b), shall be available to the 
Noteholders, Couponholders and Receiptholders, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect 
of the Notes or the Coupons and/Receipts or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its other 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes, the Coupons or the Receipts. 
The application of Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation as referred to in Condition 5(m) in 
respect of the Notes does not constitute an Event of Default. 
In the case of the liquidation and/or bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer, the Noteholders, 
Couponholders and Receiptholders shall have a claim which ranks as provided in these Conditions as 
applicable to such Notes (see Condition 2(b) (in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) respectively 
Condition 2(c) (in respect of Subordinated Notes)). 
As used in this Condition 9(b): 
"Competent Authority" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 2(c); and 
"MREL Eligible Liabilities" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 5(e). 
10. Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may 
be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may 
reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
11. Agent and Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Agent and the other initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set 
out in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent acts, 
provided that: 
(a) so long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any stock exchange or by any other relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such place as may be 
required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange (or any other relevant authority);

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
(b) there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in a city in continental Europe other 
than the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated; and 
(c) there will at all times be an Agent. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in 
the circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 4(b). Any variation, termination, appointment 
or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) 
after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
12. Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon matures, the 
Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon may be surrendered at the specified office of the Agent or any 
other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon including (if such further Coupon does not include 
Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it 
appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8. Each Talon shall, for the purposes of 
these Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Fixed Interest Date or the Interest Payment Date (as the case 
may be) on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon matures. 
13. Notices 
All notices regarding the Notes shall be published (i) by way of press release issued in the Netherlands and 
each Member State where the Notes have been listed and admitted to trading on a regulated market, (ii) on 
the website of the Issuer and (iii) if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in a leading English language 
daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that such publication will be made in the 
Financial Times in London (in the case of (iii) above). Any such notice will be deemed to have been given 
on the date of the first publication. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may (provided that, in the case of any publication 
required by virtue of the Notes being admitted to trading and listing by any competent authority and/or stock 
exchange, such requirements so permit), so long as the Global Note(s) is or are held in its or their entirety on 
behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for publication in some or all of the 
newspapers referred to above, the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
for communication by them to the Noteholders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Noteholders on the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the identity of all the Noteholders is known to the Issuer, the Issuer may (after consultation with the 
relevant stock exchange (where relevant)) give notice individually to such holders in lieu of publication as 
provided above. 
Notices to be given by any holder of the Notes shall be in writing and given by lodging such notice, together 
with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, 
such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
14. Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver  
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of 
the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or certain provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may 
be convened by the Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at 
any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes, Receipts or 
Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, 
reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
the currency of payment of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons), the necessary quorum for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two thirds, or at 
any adjourned such meeting not less than one third, in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all 
the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders, to: 
(a) any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Agency Agreement which is not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, or the Agency Agreement which is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of the laws of the Netherlands; or 
(c) in accordance with Condition 5(e), substitution of the Notes or variation of the terms of the Notes in 
order to ensure that such substituted or varied Notes remain qualified or, as appropriate, become 
qualified as MREL Eligible Liabilities; or 
(d) in accordance with Condition 5(f), substitution of the Notes or variation of the terms of the Notes in 
order to ensure that such substituted or varied Notes: 
(i) remain or, as appropriate, become compliant with (i) CRD or such other regulatory capital rules 
applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time and (ii) the requirements of the Competent Authority in 
relation to Tier 2 capital and (iii) the then current requirements of the Competent Authority in 
relation to Tier 2 capital at the relevant time continue to qualify as Tier 2 Notes under CRD or such 
other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time; and/or 
(ii) remain qualified or, as appropriate, become qualified as MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders and 
any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
As used in this Condition 14: 
"Applicable MREL Regulations" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 5(e); 
"Competent Authority" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 2(c); 
"CRD" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 5(e); and 
"MREL Eligible Liabilities" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 5(e). 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly convened and 
held in accordance with the provisions in the Agency Agreement contained by a majority consisting of not 
less than 75 per cent. of the persons voting thereat upon a show of hands or if a poll be duly demanded then 
by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes given on such poll. 
15. Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the 
same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that the same 
shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
The Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
the laws of the Netherlands. 
The Issuer submits for the exclusive benefit of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders 
to the jurisdiction of the court of first instance (rechtbank) of The Hague, the Netherlands, judging in first 
instance, and its appellate courts. Without prejudice to the foregoing, the Issuer further irrevocably agrees 
that any suit, action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes, 
the Receipts and the Coupons may be brought in any other court of competent jurisdiction.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes that are not Exempt 
Notes. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, "IDD") where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION - In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") 
and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 
2018"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the 
SFA), that the Notes [are] / [are not] prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 
2018).] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II")/MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all 
 
 
1 Include this legend unless the Final Terms for an offer of Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable". 
2 Include this legend unless the Final Terms for an offer of Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable".

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 'distributor') should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ECPS TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II")/MiFID II]; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, 
including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]]1 
 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ECPS TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); 
EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  the following channels for distribution of the 
Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]2 
 
 
Final Terms dated [   ] 
Nederlandse Financierings-Maatschappij voor Ontwikkelingslanden N.V. 
(Incorporated in the Netherlands with limited liability and having its statutory domicile in The Hague) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): XTC5E2QFTEF0435JWL77 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Series or Tranche] [Title of Notes] due [day][month][year] (the 
"Notes") under the EUR 7,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
Series No. [  ] 
Tranche No. [  ] 
 
 
 
1 Include this legend if parties have agreed to a retail target market in the EU.  
2 Include this legend if parties have agreed to a retail target market in the UK.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
[Publicity name(s) of Dealer(s)/Manager(s)] 
 
 
[The Base Prospectus (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis that, except as provided 
in sub-paragraph (i) below, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a 
"Member State") will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation the requirement to 
publish a prospectus for offers of the Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer of the 
Notes may only do so[: 
(i) 
in those Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in paragraph 8(vi) ('General Consent') of Part B below, 
provided such person is a Dealer or Authorized Offeror (as such term is defined in the Base Prospectus) and 
that such offer is made during the Offer Period specified for such purpose therein and that any conditions 
relevant to the use of the Base Prospectus are complied with; or]1 
(ii) in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer, the Arranger nor any Dealer has authorized, nor do they authorize, the making of any offer of 
Notes in any other circumstances]. 
[The Base Prospectus (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes 
in any Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a "Member State") will be made pursuant to an 
exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Notes. 
Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of the Notes may only do so 
in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorized, nor do they 
authorize, the making of any offer of Notes in any other circumstances.]2 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
base prospectus dated 6 June 2023[, as supplemented by the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [insert 
date]] (the "Base Prospectus") which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order 
to obtain all the relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Series or Tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.]  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such, to the extent they apply to Fixed Rate Notes 
and/or Floating Rate Notes, in [the terms and conditions as referred to on pages 51 up to and including 75 
of the base prospectus of the Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 2 June 2014 (the "2014 Terms and 
Conditions")][the terms and conditions as referred to on pages 45 up to and including 65 of the base 
prospectus of the Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 17 June 2015 (the "2015 Terms and Conditions")] 
[the terms and conditions as referred to on pages 47 up to and including page 68 of the base prospectus of 
the Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 22 June 2016 (the "2016 Terms and Conditions")] [the terms 
and conditions as referred to on pages 48 up to and including 69 of the base prospectus of the Issuer relating 
to the Programme dated 16 June 2017 (the "2017 Terms and Conditions")][the terms and conditions as 
referred to on pages 52 up to and including page 74 of the base prospectus of the Issuer relating to the 
Programme, dated 14 June 2018 (the "2018 Terms and Conditions")][the terms and conditions as referred 
to on pages 81 up to and including page 114 of the base prospectus of the Issuer relating to the Programme, 
dated 14 June 2019 (the "2019 Terms and Conditions")][the terms and conditions as referred to on pages 
64 up to and including page 112 of the base prospectus of the Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 17 
 
 
1 Include this legend where a Non-exempt Offer of Non-exempt Offer Notes is anticipated. 
2 Include this legend where only an exempt offer of Notes is anticipated.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
June 2020 (the "2020 Terms and Conditions")][the terms and conditions as referred to on pages 67 up to 
and including page 115 of the base prospectus of the Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 3 June 2021 
(the "2021 Terms and Conditions")][the terms and conditions as referred to on pages 63 up to and including 
page 110 of the base prospectus of the Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 9 June 2022 (the "2022 
Terms and Conditions")] (which are attached hereto)1] each of which have been incorporated by reference 
in, and form part of the Base Prospectus dated 6 June 2023[, as supplemented by the supplement to the Base 
Prospectus dated [insert date]] (the "Base Prospectus") which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer 
of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus.] 
[A summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]2  
The Base Prospectus has been published and is available for viewing at the website https://www.fmo.nl/funding-
programs, and copies may be obtained at the specified office of the Issuer and the Agent. These Final Terms will 
be published an will be available for viewing at the website://www.fmo.nl/funding-programs, and copies may be 
obtained at the specified office of the Issuer and the Agent. 
[The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.] 
 [Include whichever of the following apply or specify as 'Not Applicable' (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if 'Not Applicable' is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub paragraphs. Italics 
denote directions for completing the Final Terms.]  
[When completing Final Terms or adding any other final terms or information consideration should be given as 
to whether such terms or information constitute 'significant new factors' and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.]  
[When adding any other final terms or information, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or 
information constitute category 'B' information as indicated in annex 14 of Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980 and consequently trigger the need for an individual drawdown prospectus.] 
[If the Notes must be redeemed before first anniversary of their date of issue, the minimum denomination may need 
to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]  
1.  
Issuer:  
Nederlandse Financierings-Maatschappij voor Ontwikkelingslanden N.V.  
2.  
(i) Series Number:  
[   ] 
  
(ii) Tranche Number:  
[   ] 
 
(iii) Date on which the 
Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the [insert description of the Series] 
on [insert date/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 32 below 
[which is expected to occur on or after [insert date]]].] 
3.  
Specified Currency or 
Currencies:  
[EUR/USD/Sterling/CHF/NOK/SEK/ZAR/other] 
4.  
Aggregate Nominal 
Amount: 
  
  
(i) Series: 
[   ] 
 
 
1 For tap issuances, attach a copy of the old Conditions. 
2 Include for public offers with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in foreign currencies).

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
  
(ii) Tranche:            
[   ] 
5.  
Issue Price:  
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued interest from 
[insert date][(in the case of fungible issues only, if applicable)]  
6.  
(i) Specified 
Denominations:  
[   ]  
(If the Specified Denomination is expressed to be EUR 100,000 or its 
equivalent and multiples of a lower principal amount (for example EUR 
1,000), insert the additional wording below:) 
[EUR 100,000 and integral multiples of [EUR 1,000] in excess thereof up to 
and including [EUR 199,000]. No notes in definitive form will be issued with 
a denomination above [EUR 199,000].] 
(NB: Dual Currency Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated 
Notes should have a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency)) 
  
(ii) Form of definitive 
Notes: (calculation 
amount) 
[Standard Euromarket] 
7.  
(i) Issue Date:  
[   ] 
  
(ii) Interest 
Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/ Not Applicable]  
8.  
Maturity Date:  
[specify date] (for Fixed Rate) 
 
 
[specify month and year] (for Floating Rate – Interest Payment Date falling 
in or nearest to the relevant month and year) 
9.  
Interest Basis:  
[[  ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[  ] per cent. Fixed Rate Reset] 
  
  
[Floating Rate][EURIBOR/Compounded Daily SONIA/Compounded Daily 
SOFR/SOFR Average/Compounded Daily €STR] +/- [  ] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
  
  
[Zero Coupon]  
 
 
[with a Currency Linked Interest structure as referred to in paragraph 23 
below] (include this option, if applicable, besides other applicable Interest 
Basis and related paragraph(s) below) 
 
 
 
  
  
[Dual Currency] (Dual Currency can only be chosen in case of Notes with a 
denomination per unit of at least EUR 100,000) 
  
  
(further particulars specified below) 
10.  
Redemption/Payment 
Basis:  
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the Notes will 
be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [include percentage/100] per cent. of 
their nominal amount] 
 
 
[Currency Linked Redemption]

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
  
  
[Dual Currency] (Dual Currency can only be chosen in case of Notes with a 
denomination per unit of at least EUR 100,000) 
  
  
[Partly Paid] 
  
  
[Instalment] 
  
  
(further particulars specified below) 
11.  
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis Option:  
[Condition 3(j) applies] 
[The Interest Basis shall change from [Fixed Rate/Floating Rate/Zero 
Coupon/None-interest bearing] to [Fixed Rate/Floating Rate/Zero Coupon/ 
None-interest bearing] following the exercise of a Change of Interest Basis 
Option] 
[Not Applicable] 
12. 
Interest Basis Option 
Period: 
[   ] Business Days 
13. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis Option Date: 
[[date]/Each Interest Payment Date] 
14. 
Initial Interest Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate][EURIBOR/Compounded Daily SONIA/Compounded Daily 
SOFR/Compounded Daily €STR] +/- [  ] per cent.  
[Zero Coupon] 
[Non-interest bearing] 
15. 
Subsequent 
Interest 
Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate][EURIBOR/Compounded Daily SONIA/Compounded Daily 
SOFR/Compounded Daily €STR] + [  ] per cent.  
[Zero Coupon] 
[Non-interest bearing] 
16.  
Investor 
Put/Issuer 
Call Options:  
[Investor Put Option/ Issuer Call Option/Not Applicable]  
  
  
(further particulars specified below) 
17.  
(i) Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred Notes/Senior Non-Preferred Notes/Subordinated Notes] 
 
(ii) Intended to qualify 
as 
MREL 
Eligible 
Liabilities1: 
[[No/Yes2] (in case of Senior Preferred Notes) 
[Yes] (in case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
[Yes, if no longer eligible as Tier 2 Notes] (in case of Subordinated Notes)] 
 
 
1 If chosen for no, note that this intention refers to the position at issuance, and that notes could still become eligible for MREL in future, e.g. 
upon a change in regulations. 
2 The Standard position is that Senior Preferred Notes will not be MREL Eligible Liabilities.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 18. 
Date [Board] approval 
for issuance of Notes 
obtained:  
 
[   ]   
(NB: Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorization is required for the 
particular Series or Tranche of Notes)  
  
Provisions Relating to Interest (if any) Payable  
19.  
Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
  
  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph)  
  
(i) Rate(s) of Interest:  
[   ] per cent. per annum  
  
  
[payable [annually/semi-annually/quarterly] in arrear]  
  
(ii) Interest Payment 
Date(s):  
 
[   ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date][adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of 'Business Day']/not adjusted] 
(NB: amend in the case of long or short coupons)  
 
(iii) Interest Period: 
[Adjusted]/[Not Adjusted] 
  
(iv) Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)]:  
 
[   ] per [   ] in nominal amount  
  
(v) Broken Amount(s): 
[   ] per nominal amount payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[   ] / [Not Applicable] 
  
(vi) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction:  
 
[30/360]  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
[Include any other option from Condition 3(d)] 
(Note that if interest is not payable on a regular basis (for example, if there 
are Broken Amounts specified), Actual/Actual (ICMA) may not be a suitable 
Day Count Fraction) 
  
(vii) Determination 
Date(s):  
 
[   ] in each year  
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in 
the case of a long or a short first or last coupon)  
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case of regular interest payment 
dates which are not of equal duration) (NB: only relevant where the Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
20. 
Fixed Rate Reset Note 
Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(i) Initial Interest Rate: 
[   ] per cent. per annum  
 
 
[payable [annually/semi-annually/quarterly] in arrear]

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
(ii) Interest Payment 
Date(s):  
 
[   ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date][adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of 'Business Day']/not adjusted] 
(NB: amend in the case of long or short coupons)  
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)] o (but 
excluding) the First 
Reset Date:  
 
[   ] per [   ] in nominal amount  
 
(iv) Broken 
Amount(s):  
[   ] per nominal amount payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[   ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction:  
 
[30/360]  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
[Include any other option from Condition 3(d)] 
(Note that if interest is not payable on a regular basis (for example, if there 
are Broken Amounts specified), Actual/Actual (ICMA) may not be a suitable 
Day Count Fraction) 
 
(vi) Determination 
Date(s):  
 
[   ] in each year  
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in 
the case of a long or a short first or last coupon)  
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case of regular interest payment 
dates which are not of equal duration) (NB: only relevant where the Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
 
(vii) First Reset Date: 
[   ] 
 
(viii) Second Reset 
Date: 
[   ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) Subsequent Reset 
Date(s): 
[   ] and [   ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) Reset 
Determination Date: 
[first/second/specify] Business Day immediately preceding the relevant Reset 
Date 
 
(xi) Reset 
Determination Time: 
[11.00 a.m. (Central European Time)/specify] 
 
(xii)  Reset Margin(s): 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Mid-Swap Rate: 
[   ] 
 
(xiv)Fixed Reset Rate 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[   ] 
 
(xv) Benchmarks 
discontinuation: 
[Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) (Replacement Reference Rate Determination for 
discontinued Reference Rate or if the Reference Rate ceases to be an industry 
accepted rate) is applicable]

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
21.  
Floating Rate Note 
Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
  
  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph)  
  
(i) Specified Period(s): 
[   ]  
  
(ii) Specified Interest 
Payment Dates:  
 
[   ] 
  
(iii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention:  
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]  
  
(iv) 
Additional 
Business Centre(s):  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
  
(v) Manner in which 
the Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount is to 
be determined:  
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]  
  
(vi) Party responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount (if not 
the Agent):  
[[Insert name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need to specify if the Agent 
is to perform this function)]  
  
(vii) Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
  
− Reference Rate:  
[   ]  
  
  
(Either EURIBOR, Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, 
SOFR Average OR Compounded Daily €STR)  
  
− Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):  
[   ]  
  
  
(Second day on which T2 is open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR, If SONIA insert: [●] London Banking Day (as defined in the 
Conditions)] falling prior to the Interest Payment Date, If SOFR insert: The 
[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Day (as defined in the Conditions)] 
falling prior to the Interest Payment Date), If €STR insert: The [●] TARGET 
Business Day (as defined in the Conditions)] falling prior to the Interest 
Payment Date) 
  
− Relevant Time:  
[As per Condition 3(b)(ii)(B)] [   ]  
  
− 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page:  
[   ] (in accordance with the fall back provisions as set out in Condition 3(b)) 
  
  
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page 
which shows a composite rate)  
 
- Observation Method:
[Lag] [Shift]

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
- Observation Look-
back Period: 
[   ] (should be at least 5 London Banking Days, U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days, TARGET Business Days (as applicable)) 
  
(ix) ISDA 
Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
  
− 
Floating 
Rate 
Option:  
[   ]  
(if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this is a Floating Rate Option 
included in the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions))  
  
− 
Designated 
Maturity:  
[   ]  
  
− Reset Date:  
 
[   ] 
 
− ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions]  
  
(x) Margin(s):  
[+/-][   ] per cent. per annum  
  
(xi) Minimum Rate of 
Interest:  
[   ] per cent. per annum  
  
(xii) Maximum Rate of 
Interest:  
[   ] per cent. per annum  
  
(xiii) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]  
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]  
[360/360]  
[Bond Basis]  
[30E/360]  
[Eurobond Basis]  
[Include any other option from Condition 3(a)] 
 
(xiv) 
Benchmarks 
discontinuation: 
[Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) (Replacement Reference Rate Determination for 
discontinued Reference Rate or if the Reference Rate ceases to be an industry 
accepted rate) is applicable and Condition 3(b)(ii)(D) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation (ARRC Fallbacks))is [not] applicable] 
[Condition 3(b)(ii)(D) (Benchmark Discontinuation (ARRC Fallbacks)) is 
applicable and Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) (Replacement Reference Rate

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
Determination for discontinued Reference Rate or if the Reference Rate 
ceases to be an industry accepted rate) is [not] applicable] 
22.  
Zero Coupon Note 
Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
  
  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph)  
  
(i) Accrual Yield:  
[   ] per cent. per annum  
  
(ii) Reference Price:  
[   ] 
  
(iii) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction in relation to 
Early 
Redemption 
Amounts 
and 
late 
payment:  
[Conditions 5(g) and 5(l) apply]  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]  
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]  
[360/360]  
[Bond Basis]  
[30E/360]  
[Eurobond Basis] 
(Consider applicable Day Count Fraction if not U.S. Dollar denominated)  
23. 
Currency 
Linked 
Interest 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) Base Currency: 
[   ] 
 
(ii) 
Relevant 
Currency/Currencies:  
[[   ] (give details and, if a basket of currencies, please also specify the 
weighting and application of the Relevant Currencies)] 
 
(iii) Rate of Exchange 
and 
Aggregate 
Nominal Amount in 
the 
Relevant 
Currency/Currencies 
(Series/Tranche): 
[   ] (please specify applicable exchange rate on the issue date, for example 1 
USD = 0.77 EUR) [resulting in an Aggregate Nominal Amount of [   ] (include 
amount in the Relevant Currency/Currencies)  
 
 
(iv) Currency Price 
Source: 
[   ] 
 
(v) 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Date:  
[   ]

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
(vi) 
Description 
of 
formula to be used to 
determine the Rate of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount payable: 
[[   ] (fill in details of the formula in accordance with Condition 6 (a))] 
 
 
 
(vii) Other terms or 
special conditions: 
[None/give details] 
24.  
Dual Currency Note 
Provisions1:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
  
  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i) Principal payable in 
other currency than 
Specified Currency: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
(if 
applicable 
include 
currencies 
[EUR/USD/Sterling/CHF/NOK/SEK/ZAR/other] in which principal is 
payable)] 
 
(ii) Interest payable in 
other currency than 
Specified Currency: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
(if 
applicable 
include 
currencies 
[EUR/USD/Sterling/CHF//NOK/SEK/ZAR/other] in which interest is 
payable)] 
  
(iii) Rate of Exchange: 
[Provide exchange rate] 
(please specify applicable exchange rate on the issue date, for example 1 USD 
= 0.77 EUR) 
  
Provisions Relating 
to Redemption  
  
25.  
Issuer Call Option:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
  
  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph)  
  
(i) Optional 
Redemption Date(s):  
[   ]  
  
(ii) Optional 
Redemption Amount 
of each Note:  
[   ] per Specified Denomination/[    ] in nominal amount of the Note] 
  
(iii) If redeemable in 
part:  
 
  
(a) Minimum 
Redemption Amount 
of each Note:  
[   ] per Specified Denomination/[    ] in nominal amount of the Note] 
  
(b) Maximum 
Redemption Amount 
of each Note:  
[   ] per Specified Denomination/[    ] in nominal amount of the Note]  
 
(iv) Notice period: 
[   ] 
26.  
Investor Put Option:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
 
1 Dual Currency can only be chosen in case of Notes with a denomination per unit of at least EUR 100,000.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
  
  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph)  
  
(i) Optional 
Redemption Date(s):  
[   ]  
  
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each 
Note and method, if 
any, of calculation of 
such amount(s):  
[   ] per Specified Denomination/[    ] in nominal amount of the Note]  
  
(iii) Notice period:  
[   ]  
27. 
Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Notice period: 
[As per Condition [5(e)/[and]5(f)] / [   ] 
 
Regulatory 
Call 
exercise 
period 
referred 
to 
in 
Condition 5(e): 
[   ]/[Not applicable] 
(Only applicable if Condition 5(e) applies) 
 
Substitution 
or 
Variation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
28.  
Final 
Redemption 
Amount of each Note: 
[[   ] per Specified Denomination]/[[   ] in nominal amount of the Note] (in 
connection with Currency Linked Redemption Notes the Final Redemption 
Amount as calculated in accordance with Condition 6(b)) 
29.  
Instalment 
Note 
Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(Condition 5(h)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Instalment 
Amount(s): 
[   ] 
 
(ii) Instalment Date(s):
[   ] 
30.  
Early 
Redemption 
Amount of each Note 
payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons or 
on event of default: 
[[   ] per Specified Denomination]/[    ] in nominal amount of the Note] 
31. 
Currency 
Linked 
Redemption Note: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(if applicable, include the following) 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the Currency 
Linked Redemption Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [include 
percentage/100] per cent. of their nominal amount] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
(i) Base Currency:  
[   ] 
 
(ii) Relevant Currency 
or Currencies: 
[[   ] (give details and, if a basket of currencies, please also specify the 
weighting and application of the Relevant Currencies)]  
 
(iii) Rate of Exchange 
and 
Aggregate 
Nominal Amount in 
the 
Relevant 
Currency/Currencies 
(Series/Tranche): 
[   ] (please specify applicable exchange rate on the issue date, for example 1 
USD = 0.77 EUR) [resulting in an Aggregate Nominal Amount of [   ] (include 
amount in the Relevant Currency/Currencies)  
 
 
(iv) Currency Price 
Source: 
[   ] 
 
(v) 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Date:  
[   ] 
 
(vi) 
Description 
of 
formula to be used to 
determine 
the 
principal payable: 
[[   ] (fill in details of the formula in accordance with Condition 6 (b))] 
 
 
(vii) Other terms or 
special conditions: 
[None/[   ] (give details)] 
 
  
General Provisions Applicable to the Notes  
32.  
Form of Notes:  
Bearer Notes 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which is 
exchangeable for definitive Notes [on 30 days' notice given at any time/only 
upon an Exchange Event]] 
  
  
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive Notes on and after the 
Exchange Date]  
  
  
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for definitive Notes [on 30 days' notice 
given at any time/only upon an Exchange Event]]  
 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording in the 'Form of the Notes' 
section in the Base Prospectus and the Notes themselves. N.B. The exchange 
upon notice/at any time options should not be expressed to be applicable if 
the Specified Denomination of the Notes includes language substantially to 
the following effect: "[EUR 100,000] and integral multiples of [EUR 1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including [EUR 199,000]." Furthermore, such 
Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issue 
of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a Global Note exchangeable 
for definitive Notes.) 
  
  
(Except where, in case the Global Note has been deposited with Euroclear 
Netherlands, delivery of definitive Notes is not feasible under the Dutch 
Securities Giro Transfer Act 1977 (Wet giraal effectenverkeer) as amended 
from time to time)  
33.  
New 
Global 
Note 
Form:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
34.  
(i) In relation to any 
sum payable in a 
Specified 
Currency, 
the principal financial 
centre of the country 
of 
the 
relevant 
Specified Currency: 
[Applicable (specify relevant principal financial center)/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) Additional 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Applicable 
(specify 
relevant 
Additional 
Financial 
Centre(s))/Not 
Applicable] 
(Note that this item relates to the place of payment, and not Interest Period 
end dates, to which items 20(v) relate) 
35. 
Coupons or Receipts 
to 
be 
attached 
to 
definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such 
Coupons or Receipts 
mature): 
[Yes (give details)/No] 
36.  
Talons 
for 
future 
Coupons or Receipts 
to 
be 
attached 
to 
definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such 
Talons mature):  
[Yes (give details)/No]  
37.  
Details 
relating 
to 
Partly 
Paid 
Notes; 
amount 
of 
each 
payment 
comprising 
the Issue Price and 
date on which each 
payment is to be made 
and consequences (if 
any) of failure to pay, 
including any right of 
the Issuer to forfeit the 
Notes and interest due 
on late payment:  
[Applicable (give details)/Not Applicable]  
(N.B. A new form of Temporary Global Note and/or Permanent Global Note 
may be required for Partly Paid issues)  
38.  
Details 
relating 
to 
Instalment Notes:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
  
(i) Instalment 
Amount(s):  
[Applicable (give details)/Not Applicable]  
  
(ii) Instalment Date(s): 
[Applicable (give details)/Not Applicable]  
39.  
Whether 
Condition 
7(a) of the Notes 
applies (in which case 
Condition 5(b) of the 
Notes will not apply) 
or whether Condition 
7(b) and Condition 
[Condition 7(a) applies and Condition 5(b) does not apply][Condition 7(b) 
and Condition 5(b) apply]

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
5(b) of the Notes 
apply: 
40. 
Governing law of the 
Notes: 
Dutch law. 
41. 
Notices: 
[Press release/website of the Issuer/Financial Times] 
42. 
Fungible issues:  
 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable (Attach Conditions of the Notes if the Notes are 
fungible with an original Series or Tranche issued pursuant to a previous base 
prospectus and specify the issue with which the Notes are fungible.)] 
Issue fungible with previous issue: [   ] 
 
[PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of Notes 
described herein pursuant to the EUR 7,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme of Nederlandse Financierings-
Maatschappij voor Ontwikkelingslanden N.V.] 
RESPONSIBILITY  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. To the best of the knowledge 
of the Issuer the information contained in these Final Terms is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission 
likely to affect its import.  
[(Relevant third party information)] has been extracted from [   ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [   
], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:  
By: … … … … … … … … … … … … … …  
      Duly authorized

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1.  
LISTING  
  
  
(i) Listing:  
[Euronext in Amsterdam/ the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/ None] 
  
(ii) Admission to trading: 
[Application may be made for the Notes to be listed and admitted to 
trading on [Euronext in Amsterdam/ the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange/ the Euro MTF Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] with effect from [   ].][Not 
Applicable. The Notes are not intended to be listed and admitted to 
trading.]  
  
[(iii) Estimate of total expenses 
related to listing and admission to 
trading:]1 
[   ]  
2.  
RATINGS  
  
  
Ratings:  
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated] 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to be] rated:] 
  
[S & P:  
[   ]]  
  
[Moody's:  
[   ]]  
  
[[Other]:  
[   ]]  
  
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)  
[[Insert full legal name of credit rating agency] is established in the European Union and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] [The rating [Insert credit rating agency legal name] has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
[and/or] 
[[Insert full legal name of credit rating agency] is established in the European Union and is not registered 
under [the CRA Regulation] [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of 16 September 2009 on credit rating 
agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation")]. [Insert full legal name of credit rating agency] has submitted an 
application for registration in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation, and such registration is not 
refused, although notification of the corresponding registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority.]) 
[and/or] 
[[Insert the full legal name of credit rating agency] is not established in the European Union and has not 
applied for registration under [the CRA Regulation] [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of 16 September 
2009 on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation").]  
[[Insert credit rating agency legal name] is not established in the European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 
 
 
1 Only required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least EUR 100,000.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
September 2009 on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation") but is endorsed by [insert credit 
rating agency legal name] which is established in the European Union [and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation/and has applied for registration under the EU CRA Regulation, although as of the date of this 
Final Terms notification of the corresponding registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority.] 
[The rating [insert credit rating agency legal name], has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert credit rating agency legal name] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2019 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert credit rating agency legal name] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
it forms part of UK domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
3.  
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER  
  
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
statement below.)  
  
['Save for any fees payable to the Dealers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
issue/offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, 
and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and 
may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.']  
4.  
REASONS FOR THE OFFER[, / AND] USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET 
PROCEEDS]  
  
(i) Reasons for the offer:  
[   ]  
(See section 'Use of Proceeds' in Base Prospectus – if reasons for 
offer are different from making profit and/or hedging certain risks 
or a specific allocation of proceeds is contemplated (including if 
the Issuer intends to allocate the net proceeds in such manner that 
the Notes qualify as ESG Bonds), will need to include those 
reasons here. In case net proceeds are to be allocated for the Notes 
to qualify as ESG Bonds specify herein the relevant Eligibility 
Criteria and the applicable definition of Eligible Sustainable 
Projects (or equivalent terms) including any applicable framework 
and, if possible, the envisaged impact.) 
 
(ii) Use of Proceeds: 
[   ]  
[in case of ESG Bonds: specify the Issuer's core environmental and 
social requirements, and any further requirements applicable to the 
ESG Bonds] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split out 
and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other funding.)

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
(iii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[[   ]/Not Applicable] 
(If applicable: include breakdown of expenses) 
5.  
[Fixed Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate Reset Notes only – YIELD 
  
  
Indication of yield:  
[   ]  
  
  
Calculated as [   ] on the Issue Date  
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price [for the period up to but excluding [   ]]. It is not an indication 
of future yield] 
6.  
[HISTORIC INTEREST RATES1 / PERFORMANCE OF [CURRENCY] RATE[S] OF 
EXCHANGE AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF 
INVESTMENT AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING [CURRENCY] RATE[S] OF 
EXCHANGE] (Floating Rate Notes and Currency Linked Notes only) 
 
[Not Applicable] 
  
Details of historic [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters]]  
 
(Need to include details of where past and future performance, associated risks and volatility of the 
relevant [currency] rates can be obtained.) 
 
(Include other information concerning the relevant [currency] rates required by paragraph 2.2 Annex 17 
of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980.) 
 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and 
where it can be obtained]] / [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]]. 
7.  
OPERATIONAL 
INFORMATION  
  
  
ISIN Code:  
[   ]  
  
Common Code:  
[   ]  
 
CFI: 
[[         ]/Not Applicable] 
 
FISN: 
[[         ]/Not Applicable] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or available, 
it/they should be specified to be "Not Applicable") 
  
Other relevant code:  
[   ]  
  
Relevant clearing and settlement 
system(s):  
[Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg /Euroclear Netherlands/other] 
  
Delivery:  
Delivery [against/free of] payment  
 
 
1 Only required for Notes with a denomination per unit of less than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
  
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):  
[   ]  
  
New Global Note intended to be 
held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility:  
[Yes/No]  
  
  
[Yes. Note that the designation 'Yes' simply means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will be recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria 
have 
been 
met]
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as 'No' at the date of these 
Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended 
in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met] 
 
Trade date: 
[   ] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated, names and 
addresses of Managers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to underwrite the 
issue on a firm commitment basis, and names and addresses of the 
entities agreeing to place the issue without a firm commitment or 
under 'best efforts' arrangements. Indication of the material features 
of the agreements, including the quotas. Where not all of the issue is 
underwritten, include a statement of the portion not covered)1 
 
− Date [Subscription] agreement:2
[Applicable (give details)/Not Applicable] 
 
− Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any):  
[Applicable (give details)/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) If non syndicated, name and 
address of relevant Dealer:  
[Applicable (give details)/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Total commission:3 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
(v) Netherlands selling restriction:
[Applicable (give details)/Not Applicable] 
 
 
1 Only required for Notes with a denomination per unit of less than EUR 100,000. 
2 Only required for Notes with a denomination per unit of less than EUR 100,000. 
3 Only required for Notes with a denomination per unit of less than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
− Zero Coupon Notes:  
[Selling restriction applies/does not apply] (restriction for each 
issue) (Delete as appropriate)  
 
− Whether TEFRA D or TEFRA 
C rules apply: 
[TEFRA D / TEFRA C] 
 
(vi) Non-exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable] [A Non-exempt Offer of Non-exempt Offer Notes 
may be made by the Dealers [and [specify, if applicable]] (together 
[with the Dealers], the "Initial Authorized Offerors") [and any 
other Authorized Offerors in accordance with paragraph [  ] below] 
in the Netherlands (the "Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction") during 
the period from [specify date] until [specify date] (the "Offer 
Period").]   
 
− General Consent: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
− Other conditions to consent: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
9. 
Statement on benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, [[administrator 
legal name][appears]/[does not appear] [repeat as necessary] in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. [As far as the Issuer is aware, [specify benchmark(s)] 
[does/do] not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by 
virtue of Article 2 of that regulation] [the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply], such that [legal 
name of administrator(s)] [is/are] not currently required to obtain 
authorization or registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
10. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
OF THE OFFER 1 
[Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Offers of the Notes are conditional on their issue. As between the 
Authorized Offerors and their customers, offers of the Notes are 
further subject to conditions as may be agreed between them and/or 
as specified in the arrangements in place between them.] 
 
Total amount of the offer; if the 
amount is not fixed, description of 
the arrangements and time for 
[   ] 
 
 
1 Only required for Notes with a denomination per unit of less than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
announcing the definitive amount 
to the public: 
 
Description of the application 
process, including offer period, 
including 
any 
possible 
amendments, during which the 
offer will be open: 
[A prospective Noteholder should contact the applicable Authorised 
Offeror in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction prior to the end of the 
Offer Period. A prospective Noteholder will subscribe for the Notes 
in accordance with the arrangements existing between such 
Authorized Offeror and its customers relating to the subscription of 
securities generally. Noteholders will not be required to enter into 
any contractual arrangements directly with the Issuer in connection 
with the subscription of the Notes.][    ]   
 
Description 
of 
possibility 
to 
reduce subscriptions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Description 
of 
manner 
for 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[There are no pre-identified allotment criteria. The Authorized 
Offeror will adopt allotment criteria in accordance with customary 
market practices and applicable laws and regulations.][    ] 
 
Details of the method and time 
limits for paying up and delivering 
the Notes: 
[Investors will be notified by the relevant Authorized Offeror of their 
allocations of Notes and the settlement arrangements in respect 
thereof.] [    ] 
 
Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be made 
public: 
[Investors will be notified by the applicable Authorized Offeror of 
their allocations of Notes and the settlement procedures in respect 
thereof on or around [date].][    ] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right 
of pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment 
of 
subscription 
rights 
not 
exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Categories of potential investors 
to which the Notes are offered and 
whether tranche(s) have been 
reserved for certain countries: 
[Offers may be made by the Authorized Offerors in the Non-exempt 
Offer Jurisdiction to any person during the Offer Period. In other 
EEA countries and in all jurisdictions (including the Non-exempt 
Offer Jurisdiction) outside of the Offer Period, offers will only be 
made by the [Dealers] pursuant to an exemption under the 
Prospectus Regulation. All offers of the Notes will be made in 
compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.][    ] 
 
Process 
for 
notification 
to 
applicants of the amount allotted 
and the indication whether dealing 
may begin before notification is 
made: 
[Prospective Noteholders will be notified by the relevant Authorized 
Offeror in accordance with the arrangements in place between such 
Authorized Offeror and the prospective Noteholders.]        
 
Name(s), address(es) and Legal 
Entity Identifier (LEI), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place: 
The Initial Authorized Offerors identified in paragraph 8(vi) 
('General Consent') of Part B above [and any additional Authorized 
Offerors who have or obtain the Issuer's consent to use the 
Prospectus in connection with the Non-exempt Offer and who are 
identified on the Issuer's website as an Authorized Offeror] 
(together, the "Authorized Offerors").

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically 
charged 
to 
the 
subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
[ANNEX 
 
SUMMARY OF THE NOTES]1 
 
 
 
 
 
1 Include for public offers with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in foreign currencies).

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT  
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes that are 
Exempt Notes. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "IDD") where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION - In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") 
and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 
2018"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the 
SFA), that the Notes [are] / [are not] prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 
2018).] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer' product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
 
 
1 Include this legend unless the Pricing Supplement for an offer of Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable". 
2 Include this legend unless the Pricing Supplement for an offer of Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable".

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 'distributor') should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ECPS TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels 
for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels 
for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]]1 
 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ECPS TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); 
EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  the following channels for distribution of the 
Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]2 
 
 
Pricing Supplement dated [   ] 
Nederlandse Financierings-Maatschappij voor Ontwikkelingslanden N.V. 
(Incorporated in the Netherlands with limited liability and having its statutory domicile in The Hague) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): XTC5E2QFTEF0435JWL77 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Series or Tranche] [Title of Notes] due [day][month][year] (the 
"Notes") under the EUR 7,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
Series No. [  ] 
 
 
1 Include this legend if parties have agreed to a retail target market in the EU.  
2 Include this legend if parties have agreed to a retail target market in the UK.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
Tranche No. [  ] 
 
[Publicity name(s) of Dealer(s)/Manager(s)] 
 
The Base Prospectus (as completed by this Pricing Supplement) has been prepared on the basis that any offer of 
Notes in any Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a "Member State") will be made pursuant to 
an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Notes. 
Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of the Notes may only do so 
in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorized, nor do they 
authorize, the making of any offer of Notes in any other circumstances. 
This Pricing Supplement does not constitute, and may not be used for the purposes of, an offer or solicitation by 
anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it is 
unlawful to make such offer or solicitation, and no action is being taken to permit an offering of the Notes or the 
distribution of this Pricing Supplement in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
An investment in the Notes involves certain risks. Prospective investors should carefully consider the risk factors 
included in the Base Prospectus and any complementary risk considerations included in this Pricing Supplement 
prior to investing in the Notes. Each prospective investor should also carefully consider the tax considerations 
relating to the Notes included in the Base Prospectus and any other up-to-date tax considerations that would be 
relevant for such prospective investor. 
Moreover, prospective investors and purchasers of Notes must inform themselves about all the relevant applicable 
and up-to-date restrictions, including but not limited to, selling and transfer restrictions relating to the Notes, prior 
to investing in the Notes. 
In case of any doubt about the functioning of the Notes or about the risk involved in purchasing the Notes, 
prospective investors should consult a specialized financial advisor or abstain from investing. Each prospective 
purchaser of Notes must determine his investment decision based on its own independent review of the information 
included in the Base Prospectus and in this Pricing Supplement. 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
base prospectus dated 6 June 2023[, as supplemented by the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [insert 
date]] (the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described 
herein and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus.] 
 [The following alternative language applies if the first Series or Tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.]  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such, to the extent they apply to Fixed Rate Notes 
and/or Floating Rate Notes, in [the terms and conditions as referred to on pages 51 up to and including 75 
of the base prospectus of the Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 2 June 2014 (the "2014 Terms and 
Conditions")][the terms and conditions as referred to on pages 45 up to and including 65 of the base 
prospectus of the Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 17 June 2015 (the "2015 Terms and Conditions")] 
[the terms and conditions as referred to on pages 47 up to and including page 68 of the base prospectus of 
the Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 22 June 2016 (the "2016 Terms and Conditions")] [the terms 
and conditions as referred to on pages 48 up to and including 69 of the base prospectus of the Issuer relating 
to the Programme dated 16 June 2017 (the "2017 Terms and Conditions")][the terms and conditions as 
referred to on pages 52 up to and including page 74 of the base prospectus of the Issuer relating to the 
Programme, dated 14 June 2018 (the "2018 Terms and Conditions")][the terms and conditions as referred 
to on pages 81 up to and including page 114 of the base prospectus of the Issuer relating to the Programme, 
dated 14 June 2019 (the "2019 Terms and Conditions")][the terms and conditions as referred to on pages 
64 up to and including page 112 of the base prospectus of the Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 17 
June 2020 (the "2020 Terms and Conditions")] [the terms and conditions as referred to on pages 67 up to

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
and including page 115 of the base prospectus of the Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 3 June 2021 
(the "2021 Terms and Conditions")][the terms and conditions as referred to on pages 63 up to and including 
page 110 of the base prospectus of the Issuer relating to the Programme, dated 9 June 2022 (the "2022 
Terms and Conditions")] (which are attached hereto)1] each of which have been incorporated by reference 
in, and form part of the Base Prospectus dated 6 June 2023[, as supplemented by the supplement to the Base 
Prospectus dated [insert date]] (the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement 
of the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain 
all the relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on 
the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus.] 
The Base Prospectus has been published and is available for viewing at the website https://www.fmo.nl/funding-
programs, and copies may be obtained at the specified office of the Issuer and the Agent. 
[The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as 'Not Applicable' (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if 'Not Applicable' is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub paragraphs. Italics 
denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[only use this Pricing Supplement for Notes that are exempt from the obligation to publish a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation, i.e. Notes that are not admitted to trading on a regulated market and are offered on the 
basis of an exemption as referred to in Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
[If the Notes must be redeemed before first anniversary of their date of issue, the minimum denomination may need 
to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]  
1.  
Issuer:  
Nederlandse Financierings-Maatschappij voor Ontwikkelingslanden N.V.  
2.  
(i) Series Number:  
[   ] 
  
(ii) Tranche Number:  
[   ] 
 
(iii) Date on which the 
Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the [insert description of the Series] 
on [insert date/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 32 below 
[which is expected to occur on or after [insert date]]].] 
3.  
Specified Currency or 
Currencies:  
[EUR/USD/Sterling/CHF/NOK/SEK/ZAR/other] 
4.  
Aggregate Nominal 
Amount: 
  
  
(i) Series: 
[   ] 
  
(ii) Tranche:            
[   ] 
5.  
Issue Price:  
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued interest from 
[insert date][(in the case of fungible issues only, if applicable)]  
6.  
(i) Specified 
Denominations:  
[   ]  
(If the Specified Denomination is expressed to be EUR 100,000 or its 
equivalent and multiples of a lower principal amount (for example EUR 
1,000), insert the additional wording below: 
 
 
1 For tap issuances, attach a copy of the old Conditions.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
[EUR 100,000 and integral multiples of [EUR 1,000] in excess thereof up to 
and including [EUR 199,000]. No notes in definitive form will be issued with 
a denomination above [EUR 199,000].] 
(NB: Dual Currency Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated 
Notes should have a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency)) 
  
(ii) Form of definitive 
Notes: (calculation 
amount) 
[Standard Euromarket] 
7.  
(i) Issue Date:  
[   ] 
  
(ii) Interest 
Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/ Not Applicable]  
8.  
Maturity Date:  
[specify date] (for Fixed Rate) 
 
 
[specify month and year] (for Floating Rate – Interest Payment Date falling 
in or nearest to the relevant month and year) 
9.  
Interest Basis:  
[[  ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
  
  
[Floating Rate][EURIBOR/Compounded Daily SONIA/Compounded Daily 
SOFR/SOFR Average/Compounded Daily €STR] +/- [  ] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
  
  
[Zero Coupon]  
 
 
[with a Currency Linked Interest structure as referred to in paragraph 23 
below] (include this option, if applicable, besides other applicable Interest 
Basis and related paragraph(s) below) 
 
 
 
  
  
[Dual Currency] (Dual Currency can only be chosen in case of Notes with a 
denomination per unit of at least EUR 100,000) 
  
  
(further particulars specified below) 
10.  
Redemption/Payment 
Basis:  
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the Notes will 
be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [include percentage/100] per cent. of 
their nominal amount] 
 
 
[Currency Linked Redemption] 
  
  
[Dual Currency] (Dual Currency can only be chosen in case of Notes with a 
denomination per unit of at least EUR 100,000) 
  
  
[Partly Paid] 
  
  
[Instalment] 
  
  
(further particulars specified below) 
11.  
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis Option:  
[Condition 3(j) applies]

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
[The Interest Basis shall change from [Fixed Rate/Floating Rate/Zero 
Coupon/None-interest bearing] to [Fixed Rate/Floating Rate/Zero Coupon/ 
None-interest bearing] following the exercise of a Change of Interest Basis 
Option] 
[Not Applicable] 
12. 
Interest Basis Option 
Period: 
[   ] Business Days 
13. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis Option Date: 
[[date]/Each Interest Payment Date] 
14. 
Initial Interest Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate][EURIBOR/Compounded Daily SONIA/Compounded Daily 
SOFR/Compounded Daily €STR] +/- [  ] per cent.  
[Zero Coupon] 
[Non-interest bearing] 
15. 
Subsequent 
Interest 
Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate][EURIBOR/Compounded Daily SONIA/Compounded Daily 
SOFR/Compounded Daily €STR] + [  ] per cent.  
[Zero Coupon] 
[Non-interest bearing] 
16.  
Investor 
Put/Issuer 
Call Options:  
[Investor Put Option/ Issuer Call Option/Not Applicable]  
  
  
(further particulars specified below) 
17.  
(i) Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred Notes/Senior Non-Preferred Notes/Subordinated Notes 
intended as Tier 2 Notes/Subordinated Notes not intended as Tier 2 Notes]] 
 
(ii) Intended to qualify 
as 
MREL 
Eligible 
Liabilities1: 
[[No/Yes2] (in case of Senior Preferred Notes) 
[Yes] (in case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
[Yes, if no longer eligible as Tier 2 Notes] (in case of Subordinated Notes)] 
 18. 
Date [Board] approval 
for issuance of Notes 
obtained:  
 
[   ]   
(NB: Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorization is required for the 
particular Series or Tranche of Notes)  
  
Provisions Relating to Interest (if any) Payable  
 
 
1 If chosen for no, note that this intention refers to the position at issuance, and that notes could still become eligible for MREL in future, e.g. 
upon a change in regulations. 
2 The Standard position is that Senior Preferred Notes will not be MREL Eligible Liabilities.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
19.  
Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
  
  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph)  
  
(i) Rate(s) of Interest:  
[   ] per cent. per annum  
  
  
[payable [annually/semi-annually/quarterly] in arrear]  
  
(ii) Interest Payment 
Date(s):  
 
[   ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date][adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of 'Business Day']/not adjusted] 
(NB: amend in the case of long or short coupons)  
  
(iii) Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)]:  
 
[   ] per [   ] in nominal amount  
  
(iv) 
Broken 
Amount(s):  
[   ] per nominal amount payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[   ] / [Not Applicable] 
  
(v) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction:  
 
[30/360]  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
[Include any other option from Condition 3(d)] 
(Note that if interest is not payable on a regular basis (for example, if there 
are Broken Amounts specified), Actual/Actual (ICMA) may not be a suitable 
Day Count Fraction) 
  
(vi) Determination 
Date(s):  
 
[   ] in each year  
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in 
the case of a long or a short first or last coupon)  
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case of regular interest payment 
dates which are not of equal duration) (NB: only relevant where the Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
20. 
Fixed Rate Reset Note 
Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(i) Initial Interest Rate: 
[   ] per cent. per annum  
 
 
[payable [annually/semi-annually/quarterly] in arrear]  
 
(ii) Interest Payment 
Date(s):  
 
[   ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date][adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of 'Business Day']/not adjusted] 
(NB: amend in the case of long or short coupons)  
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)] o (but 
excluding) the First 
Reset Date:  
[   ] per [   ] in nominal amount

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
 
(iv) Broken 
Amount(s):  
[   ] per nominal amount payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[   ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction:  
 
[30/360]  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
[Include any other option from Condition 3(d)] 
(Note that if interest is not payable on a regular basis (for example, if there 
are Broken Amounts specified), Actual/Actual (ICMA) may not be a suitable 
Day Count Fraction) 
 
(vi) Determination 
Date(s):  
 
[   ] in each year  
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in 
the case of a long or a short first or last coupon)  
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case of regular interest payment 
dates which are not of equal duration) (NB: only relevant where the Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
 
(vii) First Reset Date: 
[   ] 
 
(viii) Second Reset 
Date: 
[   ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) Subsequent Reset 
Date(s): 
[   ] and [   ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) Reset 
Determination Date: 
[first/second/specify] Business Day immediately preceding the relevant Reset 
Date 
 
(xi) Reset 
Determination Time: 
[11.00 a.m. (Central European Time)/specify] 
 
(xii)  Reset Margin(s): 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Mid-Swap Rate: 
[   ] 
 
(xiv)Fixed Reset Rate 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[   ] 
 
(xv) Benchmarks 
discontinuation: 
[Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) (Replacement Reference Rate Determination for 
discontinued Reference Rate or if the Reference Rate ceases to be an industry 
accepted rate) is applicable] 
21.  
Floating Rate Note 
Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
  
  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph)  
  
(i) Specified Period(s):
[   ]  
  
(ii) Specified Interest 
Payment Dates:  
[   ]

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
  
(iii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention:  
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]  
  
(iv) 
Additional 
Business Centre(s):  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
  
(v) Manner in which 
the Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount is to 
be determined:  
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]  
  
(vi) Party responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount (if not 
the Agent):  
[[Insert name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need to specify if the Agent 
is to perform this function)]  
  
(vii) Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
  
− Reference Rate:  
[   ]  
  
  
(Either EURIBOR, Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, 
SOFR Average OR Compounded Daily €STR)  
  
− Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):  
[   ]  
  
  
(Second day on which T2 is open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR, If SONIA insert: [●] London Banking Day (as defined in the 
Conditions)] falling prior to the Interest Payment Date, If SOFR insert: The 
[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Day (as defined in the Conditions)] 
falling prior to the Interest Payment Date), If €STR insert: The [●] TARGET 
Business Day (as defined in the Conditions)] falling prior to the Interest 
Payment Date) 
  
− Relevant Time:  
[As per Condition 3(b)(ii)(B)] [   ]  
  
− 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page:  
[   ] (in accordance with the fall back provisions as set out in Condition 3(b)) 
  
  
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page 
which shows a composite rate)  
 
- Observation Method:
[Lag] [Shift] 
 
- Observation Look-
back Period: 
[   ] (should be at least 5 London Banking Days, U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days, TARGET Business Days (as applicable)) 
  
(ix) ISDA 
Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
  
− 
Floating 
Rate 
Option:  
[   ]

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
(if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this is a Floating Rate Option 
included in the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)) 
  
− 
Designated 
Maturity:  
[   ]  
  
− Reset Date:  
 
[   ] 
 
− ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions]  
  
(x) Margin(s):  
[+/-][   ] per cent. per annum  
  
(xi) Minimum Rate of 
Interest:  
[   ] per cent. per annum  
  
(xii) Maximum Rate 
of Interest:  
[   ] per cent. per annum  
  
(xiii) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]  
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]  
[360/360]  
[Bond Basis]  
[30E/360]  
[Eurobond Basis]  
[Include any other option from Condition 3(a)] 
 
(xiv) 
Benchmarks 
discontinuation: 
[Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) (Replacement Reference Rate Determination for 
discontinued Reference Rate or if the Reference Rate ceases to be an industry 
accepted rate) is applicable and Condition 3(b)(ii)(D) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation (ARRC Fallbacks))is [not] applicable] 
[Condition 3(b)(ii)(D) (Benchmark Discontinuation (ARRC Fallbacks)) is 
applicable and Condition 3(b)(ii)(C) (Replacement Reference Rate 
Determination for discontinued Reference Rate or if the Reference Rate 
ceases to be an industry accepted rate) is [not] applicable] 
22.  
Zero Coupon Note 
Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
  
  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph)  
  
(i) Accrual Yield:  
[   ] per cent. per annum

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
  
(ii) Reference Price:  
[   ] 
  
(iii) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction in relation to 
Early 
Redemption 
Amounts 
and 
late 
payment:  
[Conditions 5(g) and 5(l) apply]  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]  
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360]  
[360/360]  
[Bond Basis]  
[30E/360]  
[Eurobond Basis] 
(Consider applicable Day Count Fraction if not U.S. Dollar denominated)  
23. 
Currency 
Linked 
Interest 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) Base Currency: 
[   ] 
 
(ii) 
Relevant 
Currency/Currencies:  
[[   ] (give details and, if a basket of currencies, please also specify the 
weighting and application of the Relevant Currencies)] 
 
(iii) Rate of Exchange 
and 
Aggregate 
Nominal Amount in 
the 
Relevant 
Currency/Currencies 
(Series/Tranche): 
[   ] (please specify applicable exchange rate on the issue date, for example 1 
USD = 0.77 EUR) [resulting in an Aggregate Nominal Amount of [   ] (include 
amount in the Relevant Currency/Currencies)  
 
 
(iv) Currency Price 
Source: 
[   ] 
 
(v) 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Date:  
[   ] 
 
(vi) 
Description 
of 
formula to be used to 
determine the Rate of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount payable: 
[[   ] (fill in details of the formula in accordance with Condition 6 (a))] 
 
 
 
(vii) Other terms or 
special conditions: 
[None/give details]

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
24.  
Dual Currency Note 
Provisions1:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
  
  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i) Principal payable in 
other currency than 
Specified Currency: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
(if 
applicable 
include 
currencies 
[EUR/USD/Sterling/CHF/NOK/SEK/ZAR/other] in which principal is 
payable)] 
 
(ii) Interest payable in 
other currency than 
Specified Currency: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
(if 
applicable 
include 
currencies 
[EUR/USD/Sterling/CHF//NOK/SEK/ZAR/other] in which interest is 
payable)] 
  
(iii) Rate of Exchange: 
[Provide exchange rate] 
(please specify applicable exchange rate on the issue date, for example 1 USD 
= 0.77 EUR) 
  
Provisions Relating 
to Redemption  
  
25.  
Issuer Call Option:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
  
  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph)  
  
(i) Optional 
Redemption Date(s):  
[   ]  
  
(ii) Optional 
Redemption Amount 
of each Note:  
[   ] per Specified Denomination/[    ] in nominal amount of the Note] 
  
(iii) If redeemable in 
part:  
 
  
(a) Minimum 
Redemption Amount 
of each Note:  
[   ] per Specified Denomination/[    ] in nominal amount of the Note] 
  
(b) Maximum 
Redemption Amount 
of each Note:  
[   ] per Specified Denomination/[    ] in nominal amount of the Note]  
 
(iv) Notice period: 
[   ] 
26.  
Investor Put Option:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
  
  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph)  
  
(i) Optional 
Redemption Date(s):  
[   ]  
  
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each 
Note and method, if 
[   ] per Specified Denomination/[    ] in nominal amount of the Note]  
 
 
1 Dual Currency can only be chosen in case of Notes with a denomination per unit of at least EUR 100,000.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
any, of calculation of 
such amount(s):  
  
(iii) Notice period:  
[   ]  
27. 
Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Notice period: 
[As per Condition [5(e)/5(f)] / [   ]] 
 
Substitution 
or 
Variation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
28.  
Final 
Redemption 
Amount of each Note: 
[[   ] per Specified Denomination]/[[   ] in nominal amount of the Note] (in 
connection with Currency Linked Redemption Notes the Final Redemption 
Amount as calculated in accordance with Condition 6(b)) 
29.  
Instalment 
Note 
Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(Condition 5(h)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Instalment 
Amount(s): 
[   ] 
 
(ii) Instalment Date(s):
[   ] 
30.  
Early 
Redemption 
Amount of each Note 
payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons or 
on event of default: 
[[   ] per Specified Denomination]/[    ] in nominal amount of the Note] 
31. 
Currency 
Linked 
Redemption Note: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(if applicable, include the following) 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the Currency 
Linked Redemption Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [include 
percentage/100] per cent. of their nominal amount] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) Base Currency:  
[   ] 
 
(ii) Relevant Currency 
or Currencies: 
[[   ] (give details and, if a basket of currencies, please also specify the 
weighting and application of the Relevant Currencies)]  
 
(iii) Rate of Exchange 
and 
Aggregate 
Nominal Amount in 
the 
Relevant 
Currency/Currencies 
(Series/Tranche): 
[   ] (please specify applicable exchange rate on the issue date, for example 1 
USD = 0.77 EUR) [resulting in an Aggregate Nominal Amount of [   ] (include 
amount in the Relevant Currency/Currencies)  
 
 
(iv) Currency Price 
Source: 
[   ]

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
(v) 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Date:  
[   ] 
 
(vi) 
Description 
of 
formula to be used to 
determine 
the 
principal payable: 
[[   ] (fill in details of the formula in accordance with Condition 6 (b))] 
 
 
(vii) Other terms or 
special conditions: 
[None/[   ] (give details)] 
 
  
General Provisions Applicable to the Notes  
32.  
Form of Notes:  
Bearer Notes 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which is 
exchangeable for definitive Notes [on 30 days' notice given at any time/only 
upon an Exchange Event]] 
  
  
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive Notes on and after the 
Exchange Date]  
  
  
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for definitive Notes [on 30 days' notice 
given at any time/only upon an Exchange Event]]  
 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording in the 'Form of the Notes' 
section in the Base Prospectus and the Notes themselves. N.B. The exchange 
upon notice/at any time options should not be expressed to be applicable if 
the Specified Denomination of the Notes includes language substantially to 
the following effect: "[EUR 100,000] and integral multiples of [EUR 1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including [EUR 199,000]." Furthermore, such 
Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issue 
of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a Global Note exchangeable 
for definitive Notes.) 
  
  
(Except where, in case the Global Note has been deposited with Euroclear 
Netherlands, delivery of definitive Notes is not feasible under the Dutch 
Securities Giro Transfer Act 1977 (Wet giraal effectenverkeer) as amended 
from time to time)  
33.  
New 
Global 
Note 
Form:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
34.  
(i) In relation to any 
sum payable in a 
Specified 
Currency, 
the principal financial 
centre of the country 
of 
the 
relevant 
Specified Currency: 
[Applicable (specify relevant principal financial center)/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) Additional 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Applicable 
(specify 
relevant 
Additional 
Financial 
Centre(s))/Not 
Applicable] 
(Note that this item relates to the place of payment, and not Interest Period 
end dates, to which items 20(v) relate)

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
35. 
Coupons or Receipts 
to 
be 
attached 
to 
definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such 
Coupons or Receipts 
mature): 
[Yes (give details)/No] 
36.  
Talons 
for 
future 
Coupons or Receipts 
to 
be 
attached 
to 
definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such 
Talons mature):  
[Yes (give details)/No]  
37.  
Details 
relating 
to 
Partly 
Paid 
Notes; 
amount 
of 
each 
payment 
comprising 
the Issue Price and 
date on which each 
payment is to be made 
and consequences (if 
any) of failure to pay, 
including any right of 
the Issuer to forfeit the 
Notes and interest due 
on late payment:  
[Applicable (give details)/Not Applicable]  
(N.B. A new form of Temporary Global Note and/or Permanent Global Note 
may be required for Partly Paid issues)  
38.  
Details 
relating 
to 
Instalment Notes:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
  
(i) Instalment 
Amount(s):  
[Applicable (give details)/Not Applicable]  
  
(ii) Instalment Date(s): 
[Applicable (give details)/Not Applicable]  
39.  
Whether 
Condition 
7(a) of the Notes 
applies (in which case 
Condition 5(b) of the 
Notes will not apply) 
or whether Condition 
7(b) and Condition 
5(b) of the Notes 
apply: 
[Condition 7(a) applies and Condition 5(b) does not apply][Condition 7(b) 
and Condition 5(b) apply]  
40. 
Governing law of the 
Notes: 
Dutch law. 
41. 
Notices: 
[Press release/website of the Issuer/Financial Times] 
42. 
Fungible issues:  
 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable (Attach Conditions of the Notes if the Notes are 
fungible with an original Series or Tranche issued pursuant to a previous base 
prospectus and specify the issue with which the Notes are fungible.)] 
Issue fungible with previous issue: [   ]

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
RESPONSIBILITY  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in these Final Terms is in accordance with the facts and makes 
no omission likely to affect its import.  
[(Relevant third party information)] has been extracted from [   ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [   
], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:  
By: … … … … … … … … … … … … … …  
      Duly authorized

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1.  
LISTING  
  
  
(i) Listing:  
[The Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/[specify 
market - note this must not be a regulated market] /None] 
  
(ii) Admission to trading: 
[Application may be made for the Notes to be listed and admitted to 
trading on [the professional segment of] the Euro MTF Market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/[specify market - note this must 
not be a regulated market] with effect from [   ].][Not Applicable. 
The Notes are not intended to be listed and admitted to trading.]  
  
(iii) Estimate of total expenses 
related to listing and admission to 
trading: 
[   ]  
2.  
RATINGS  
  
  
Ratings:  
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated] 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to be] rated:] 
  
[S & P:  
[   ]]  
  
[Moody's:  
[   ]]  
  
[[Other]:  
[   ]]  
  
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)  
[[Insert full legal name of credit rating agency] is established in the European Union and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] [The rating [Insert credit rating agency legal name] has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
[and/or] 
[[Insert full legal name of credit rating agency] is established in the European Union and is not registered 
under [the CRA Regulation] [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of 16 September 2009 on credit rating 
agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation")]. [Insert full legal name of credit rating agency] has submitted an 
application for registration in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation, and such registration is not 
refused, although notification of the corresponding registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority.]) 
[and/or] 
[[Insert the full legal name of credit rating agency] is not established in the European Union and has not 
applied for registration under [the CRA Regulation] [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of 16 September 
2009 on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation").]  
[[Insert credit rating agency legal name] is not established in the European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 
September 2009 on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation") but is endorsed by [insert credit 
rating agency legal name] which is established in the European Union [and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation/and has applied for registration under the EU CRA Regulation, although as of the date of this

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
Final Terms notification of the corresponding registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority.] 
[The rating [insert credit rating agency legal name], has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert credit rating agency legal name] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2019 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert credit rating agency legal name] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
it forms part of UK domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]  
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
3.  
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER  
  
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
statement below.)  
  
['Save for any fees payable to the Dealers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
issue/offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, 
and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and 
may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.']  
4.  
REASONS FOR THE OFFER[, / AND] USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET 
PROCEEDS]  
  
(i) Reasons for the offer:  
[   ]  
(See section 'Use of Proceeds' in Base Prospectus – if reasons for 
offer are different from making profit and/or hedging certain risks 
or a specific allocation of proceeds is contemplated (including if 
the Issuer intends to allocate the net proceeds in such manner that 
the Notes qualify as ESG Bonds), will need to include those 
reasons here. In case net proceeds are to be allocated for the Notes 
to qualify as ESG Bonds specify herein the relevant Eligibility 
Criteria and the applicable definition of Eligible Sustainable 
Projects (or equivalent terms) including any applicable framework 
and, if possible, the envisaged impact.) 
 
(ii) Use of Proceeds: 
[   ]  
[in case of ESG Bonds: specify the Issuer's core environmental and 
social requirements, and any further requirements applicable to the 
ESG Bonds] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split out 
and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other funding.)

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
(iii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[[   ]/Not Applicable] 
(If applicable: include breakdown of expenses) 
5.  
[Fixed Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate Reset Notes only – YIELD 
  
  
Indication of yield:  
[   ]  
  
  
Calculated as [   ] on the Issue Date  
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price [for the period up to but excluding [   ]]. It is not an indication 
of future yield] 
6.  
[HISTORIC INTEREST RATES1 / PERFORMANCE OF [CURRENCY] RATE[S] OF 
EXCHANGE AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF 
INVESTMENT AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING [CURRENCY] RATE[S] OF 
EXCHANGE] (Floating Rate Notes and Currency Linked Notes only) 
 
[Not Applicable] 
  
Details of historic [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters]]  
 
(Need to include details of where past and future performance, associated risks and volatility of the 
relevant [currency] rates can be obtained.) 
 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and 
where it can be obtained]] / [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]]. 
7.  
OPERATIONAL 
INFORMATION  
  
  
ISIN Code:  
[   ]  
  
Common Code:  
[   ]  
 
CFI: 
[[         ]/Not Applicable] 
 
FISN: 
[[         ]/Not Applicable] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or available, 
it/they should be specified to be "Not Applicable") 
  
Other relevant code:  
[   ]  
  
Relevant clearing and settlement 
system(s):  
[Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg /Euroclear Netherlands/other] 
  
Delivery:  
Delivery [against/free of] payment  
  
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):  
[   ]  
 
 
1 Only required for Notes with a denomination per unit of less than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
  
New Global Note intended to be 
held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility:  
[Yes/No]  
  
  
[Yes. Note that the designation 'Yes' simply means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will be recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as 'No' at the date of these 
Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended 
in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met] 
 
Trade date: 
[   ]  
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated, names and 
addresses of Managers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to underwrite the 
issue on a firm commitment basis, and names and addresses of the 
entities agreeing to place the issue without a firm commitment or 
under 'best efforts' arrangements. Indication of the material features 
of the agreements, including the quotas. Where not all of the issue is 
underwritten, include a statement of the portion not covered)1 
 
− Date [Subscription] agreement:2
[Applicable (give details)/Not Applicable] 
 
− Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any):  
[Applicable (give details)/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) If non syndicated, name and 
address of relevant Dealer:  
[Applicable (give details)/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Total commission:3 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
(v) Netherlands selling restriction:
[Applicable (give details)/Not Applicable] 
 
− Zero Coupon Notes:  
[Selling restriction applies/does not apply] (restriction for each 
issue) (Delete as appropriate)  
 
 
1 Only required for Notes with a denomination per unit of less than EUR 100,000. 
2 Only required for Notes with a denomination per unit of less than EUR 100,000. 
3 Only required for Notes with a denomination per unit of less than EUR 100,000.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
− Whether TEFRA D or TEFRA 
C rules apply: 
[TEFRA D / TEFRA C] 
 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
9. 
Statement on benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, [[administrator 
legal name][appears]/[does not appear] [repeat as necessary] in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. [As far as the Issuer is aware, [specify benchmark(s)] 
[does/do] not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by 
virtue of Article 2 of that regulation] [the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply], such that [legal 
name of administrator(s)] [is/are] not currently required to obtain 
authorization or registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).]]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The purpose of fund raising by means of issuing Notes is to further the Issuer's objects as set out in its articles of 
association.  
If in respect of any particular issue of Notes, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
ESG Bonds 
The Issuer may issue ESG Bonds. An amount equal to the net proceeds from the issue of each ESG Bond will be 
used to finance debt and equity investments which comply with the Issuer's core environmental and social 
requirements, in accordance with the Issuer's sustainability framework as amended from time to time (the "ESG 
Framework"), which ESG Framework is not incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
If such ESG Bonds will be issued, the applicable Final Terms will specify for which "Eligible Sustainable 
Projects", being projects which contribute to achieving the Issuer's sustainability goals as set out in the ESG 
Framework, the proceeds of the ESG Bonds will be used. Certain ESG Bonds will have further requirements, as 
specified in the Final Terms. If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the proceeds of any "Green Bond", 
"Social Bond" or "Sustainability Bond" will be used to fund green and/or social projects in line with the Issuer's 
strategy, which includes focusing on three Sustainable Development Goals ("SDGs"): Decent Work and Economic 
Growth (SDG 8), Reduced Inequalities (SDG 10) and Climate Action (SDG 13). The Eligible Sustainable Projects 
are subject to the following eligibility criteria (the "Eligibility Criteria"). 
Eligibility Criteria 
Green 
Climate Change Mitigation 
Renewable Energy 
  
Lower-carbon and efficient energy generation 
  
Energy efficiency 
  
Agriculture, forestry and land use 
  
Non-energy GHG reductions 
  
Waste and wastewater 
  
Transport 
  
Low-carbon technologies 
  
Cross-cutting issues 
Climate Change Adaptation 
  
Other Footprint 
Biodiversity 
Pollution mitigation 
Conservation of natural resources 
Social 
Inclusive business 
Microfinance 
Agricultural SME lending 
Smallholder Finance 
Agribusiness working with smallholders 
Off-grid power 
Innovative solutions for the BOP 
Youth finance 
Gender: Women-owned SME 
Gender: Other 
Inclusive business funds (equity debt) 
Least Developed Countries (LDC) 
Agribusiness food & water 
Energy 
Financial Institutions

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
Project Evaluation and Selection of Eligible Projects 
The Issuer has implemented a two-step process for the selection of eligible projects for ESG Bonds, namely an 
initial label is proposed by the Issuer's deal team classified as 'green' or 'reduced inequality' (depending on the 
nature of the project) and a validation process is undertaken by the Issuer’s "Credit E&S" team. An environmental 
and social risk assessment is performed in the first step of the project selection process (as shown below). The 
asset eligibility criteria are based on the Issuer's internal steering metrics, which are aligned with the latest ICMA 
Principles. Projects financed through the proceeds of the issue of ESG Bonds are evaluated and selected based on 
compliance with the eligibility criteria as set out above.  
Green label 
 
Reduced inequality label

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
Management of Proceeds 
The proceeds of ESG Bonds will be allocated and managed on a portfolio basis. The Issuer's management of 
proceeds process is aligned with market practice as the bank will hold the net proceeds of any issuance in a separate 
sub-portfolio linked to FMO's green finance and inclusive finance lending operations. Pending allocation, the net 
proceeds will be held in the Issuer's liquidity portfolio where the Issuer will hold and/or invest the balance of net 
proceeds not yet allocated, at its own discretion. The Issuer intends to fully allocate the ESG Bonds proceeds 
within 2 years from the issue date. 
Reporting 
The Issuer will provide investors with an allocation and impact newsletter. The reporting newsletter will be 
available on a periodic basis as defined in the ESG Framework. The allocation reporting will cover progress on 
the allocation of proceeds on a portfolio basis, along with case studies, while the impact reporting will cover 
portfolio-wide estimation on the annual GHG emissions reduction for is direct investments and an estimated 
number of direct and indirect jobs supported per each target group for all investments.  
The reporting newsletter, including allocation and impact figures at portfolio level, is provided on a post-issuance 
basis only. For example, once a new ESG Bond is issued, allocation and impact reporting will start from the next 
reporting newsletter. Investors can refer to the impact reporting tables of previously issued newsletters in order to 
look at the impact figures for the Issuer's outstanding 'Green Bonds', 'Social Bonds' or 'Sustainability 
Bonds'  (https://www.fmo.nl/sustainability-bonds-framework). The Issuer is unable to provide a specific pre-
issuance impact evaluation for ESG Bonds. The proceeds of ESG Bonds will be allocated to current and future 
projects in accordance with the Eligibility Criteria for Eligible Sustainable Projects and the selection process as 
described above. As a result, complete information regarding which projects will be funded from the proceeds of 
an issuance of ESG Bonds, and any corresponding impact reporting with respect thereto, is not available as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer will disclose the impact of each issuance of ESG Bonds in accordance 
with this paragraph as more fully described above. 
External Review 
In connection with the issue of ESG Bonds, the Issuer has appointed Sustainalytics to provide a second party 
opinion (the "SPO") of the Issuer's ESG Framework. The SPO is not incorporated in and does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus. The SPO is available on the Issuer's website (https://www.fmo.nl/sustainability-bonds-
framework). Also, the Issuer will engage with an independent institution to review projects funded by the ESG 
Bonds in order to assess the compliance of projects with the use of proceeds criteria defined in the framework. 
The Issuer may or may not appoint a third party to verify whether the Notes comply with any Relevant Standards 
as at issuance. 
Notice to prospective investors of ESG Bonds 
The information provided in this Base Prospectus in relation to the ESG Framework of the Issuer is in summarized 
form. 
The 
Issuer's 
ESG 
Framework 
is 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website, 
https://www.fmo.nl/sustainability-bonds-framework. The ESG Framework, any relevant second party opinion, 
third party verification, external review reports and any other document related thereto, including any footnotes, 
links to the Issuer's website and/or progress and impact assessment reports are further not, nor shall they be deemed 
to be, incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer's ESG Framework may be amended or superseded at any time without the consent of Noteholders. Any 
revisions or updates to the ESG Framework will be made available on the following webpage: 
https://www.fmo.nl/sustainability-bonds-framework. However, the Issuer will not have any obligation to notify 
Noteholders of any such amendments. 
No representation or assurance is to be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer appointed under the 
Programme that the listing or the admission to trading of the Notes on a dedicated green, social or sustainable or 
other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market may be maintained during the life of 
any ESG Bonds and that such listing and admission of the ESG Bonds satisfies any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations. None of the 
Dealers is responsible for the monitoring of the use of proceeds for any ESG Bonds. No representation or assurance 
is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of any third party made

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
available in connection with an issue of ESG Bonds and any such opinion or certification is not a recommendation 
by any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such ESG Bonds nor is any such opinion or certification incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. For a further discussion of ESB Bonds see Risk Factor - "Notes issued as ESG 
Bonds (as defined below) may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green, social or 
sustainable assets. Any failure to use the net proceeds of any Series of Notes designed as ESG Bonds in connection 
with green, social or sustainable projects, and/or any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, the investment 
requirements of certain environmentally focused investors with respect to such Notes may affect the value and/or 
trading price of the Notes, and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest 
in green, social or sustainable assets”.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
NEDERLANDSE FINANCIERINGS-MAATSCHAPPIJ VOOR 
ONTWIKKELINGSLANDEN N.V. 
Incorporation 
Nederlandse Financierings-Maatschappij voor Ontwikkelingslanden N.V. (the "Issuer" or "FMO") was 
incorporated as a public company with limited liability (naamloze vennootschap) in the Netherlands on 8 July 
1970. The Issuer's registered office is at Anna van Saksenlaan 71, 2593 HW The Hague, the Netherlands. The 
Issuer is registered in the commercial register (handelsregister) of the Netherlands Chamber of Commerce, under 
number 27078545. The general telephone number of FMO is +31 70 3149696. The commercial name of the Issuer 
is FMO.  
The Issuer's articles of association (statuten) were lastly amended by notarial deed executed on 19 August 2009, 
before Drs. C.J. Groffen, civil law notary in Amsterdam, the draft of these articles having received the approval of 
the Ministry of Justice under number N.V. 107 045.  
The Issuer was established by the State, several Dutch companies and several Dutch trade unions in accordance 
with and pursuant to the Law of 1 May 1970 on Nederlandse Financierings-Maatschappij voor 
Ontwikkelingslanden N.V. (Staatsblad 237, 1970).  
FMO's profile 
FMO is the Dutch entrepreneurial development bank. As a leading impact investor, FMO supports sustainable 
private sector growth in developing countries and emerging markets by investing in ambitious projects and 
entrepreneurs. FMO believes that a strong private sector leads to economic and social development and has a 50+ 
year proven track-record in enabling entrepreneurs to make local economies more inclusive, productive, resilient 
and sustainable. FMO focuses on three sectors that have high development impact: Agribusiness, Food & Water, 
Energy, and Financial Institutions. FMO has its head office in The Hague, the Netherlands, with local offices in 
Johannesburg (South Africa), Nairobi (Kenya) and San José (Costa Rica). 
Share capital 
The Issuer has an authorized share capital of EUR 45,380,000 divided into 1,020,000 Class A Shares of nominal 
value EUR 22.69 each (the "A Shares") and 980,000 Class B Shares of nominal value EUR 22.69 each (the "B 
Shares"). The A Shares may only be issued to and owned by the State.  
The issued and fully paid share capital amounts to EUR 9,076,000 and comprises 204,000 A Shares and 196,000 
B Shares. Each A Share and each B Share carries the right to cast one vote at any general meeting of shareholders 
(the "General Meeting") of the Issuer. The issue of shares is resolved upon by the General Meeting pursuant to a 
proposal from the Management Board, made with the approval of the Supervisory Board, without prejudice to 
Article 2:96 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
Shareholders' equity (EUR '000) 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Share capital 
9,076 
9,076 
9,076 
Share premium reserve 
29,272 
29,272 
29,272 
Contractual reserve 
2,659,053 
2,658,032 
2,180,172 
Development fund 
657,981 
657,981 
657,981 
Fair Value reserve 
38,559 
30,910 
26,200 
Actuarial result pensions 
-6,533 
-7,433 
-17,156 
Translation reserve 
17,544 
-392 
-17,727 
Other reserves 
43,338 
43,338 
32,162

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
Undistributed profit 
36 
12,831 
-3,347 
Non-controlling interest 
-
24 
68
Total shareholders' equity 
3,448,326 
3,433,639 
2,896,701 
Objects  
The principal object of the Issuer, as set forth in Clause 3 in its articles of association, is to make a contribution to 
the advancement of productive enterprises in developing countries in order to stimulate their economic and social 
progress, in accordance with the aims pursued by their governments and with the policy of the Dutch government 
in regard to development aid.  
The Issuer has the corporate power and capacity to issue Notes under the Programme and to enter into the 
agreements referred to in this Base Prospectus in connection with the Programme.  
Ownership and corporate structure  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's shares are held as set out below:  
Shareholder 
Share %
The State  
51
Commercial Dutch banks (such as ABN AMRO, Rabobank, ING, etc.) 
42
Others (incl. a Dutch union, private sector companies and several private individuals)
7
The Issuer is a large company (structuurvennootschap) as set forth in Article 2:153 of the Dutch Civil Code, which, 
inter alia, implies that the Issuer's managing directors (bestuurders) are appointed by its Supervisory Board. The 
Supervisory Board of the Issuer consists of six members. Pursuant to the articles of association all members of the 
Supervisory Board are appointed by the General Meeting. 
Activities  
The Issuer is a development bank based in the Netherlands with total assets of EUR 9,900 million as of 31 
December 2022, and operates through its office in The Hague, and local (representative) offices in Johannesburg 
(South Africa), Nairobi (Kenya) and San José (Costa Rica). As of 31 December 2022, the Issuer employed 689 
permanent people.  
The Issuer's core business comprises providing long-term financing to private companies in the focus sectors 
Agribusiness, Food & Water, Energy and Financial Institutions in Asia, Latin America, Africa and other 
developing regions. The Issuer provides financial products such as loans, guarantees and equity investments as 
well as a non-financial product, namely capacity development. The Issuer's lending and guarantee operations 
include project finance, corporate loans and lines of credit to financial institutions.  
The Issuer invests, inter alia, both directly and through managed investment funds, in common and preference 
shares, subordinated loans with equity options or other sweeteners, and other quasi-equity instruments such as 
mezzanine financing, whether redeemable or not and whether covered by put-options or not.  
FMO also manages several public funds on behalf of and for the account of public donors, including the Dutch 
government, to invest in early-stage projects, take higher risks and hence achieve its higher impact objective. For 
example, NASIRA, a European Commission financing program provides a bilateral loss-sharing scheme between 
FMO and its Financial Institution clients for unlocking lending to migrant, female and young entrepreneurs. Since 
2019, FMO has managed the Dutch Fund for Climate and Development (established together with SNV 
Netherlands Development Organization, World Wide Fund for Nature and Climate Fund Managers). For the FMO 
Ventures Program, the European Commission has provided a (partial) guarantee program and a dedicated technical 
assistance program. It is intended to contribute to the further strengthening of FMO's focus on early-stage 
investments that deploy an innovative, technology-enabled business model. FMO has also signed an agreement 
with the UK government to manage its "Mobilizing Finance for Forests" program (MFF).

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
These activities enable FMO to take on additional portfolio and sector-level risk in some cases. In others, such as 
in relation to capacity development activities, company-level risks are reduced by coupling institution building to 
FMO's core business clients. Clients may be better served by FMO's ability to apply synergetic combinations of 
these public programs' and FMO's primary activities. 
FMO in its mobilizing role 
FMO, as part of its mission, strives to mobilize more capital from commercial and institutional investors to its 
markets. To that end, FMO partners with commercial banks, impact investors, institutional investors and 
development finance institutions to finance loans via its A/B loan program or other co-financing arrangements. As 
a development bank FMO knows that even the world's most underdeveloped regions offer significant opportunity 
for business and investment. FMO reaches out to those underserved markets and encourages the growth of 
responsible and profitable businesses in key sectors for development. FMO seeks opportunities to help investors 
fund projects that contribute to the SDGs, forging new partnerships for positive change and enhancing the impact 
of FMO's and others' activities, based on its vast experience and long track record of investing in the private sector 
in emerging and frontier markets. 
FMO Investment Management B.V. ("FMO IM") is a 100 per cent. subsidiary of FMO. Its purpose is to build and 
grow investment management services for professional investors. This is part of FMO's strategic ambition to 
mobilize commercial investors to invest in emerging markets, thereby increasing its overall impact. FMO IM aims 
to scale up impact investing by providing investors access to FMO's deal flow in sustainable emerging markets. 
FMO IM has a license as an investment firm and is authorized to provide investment advice. FMO IM has its own 
management board. As sole shareholder of FMO IM, FMO determines the charter and scope within which the 
company operates, and FMO has approval rights for specific matters. By the end of 2022, FMO IM had EUR 522 
million (2021: EUR 521 million) of assets under advisory. 
In 2021, FMO spun off its activities falling under the responsibility of its former Dutch business department ("NL 
Business"). These activities were merged with select international activities of the Netherlands Enterprise Agency 
(RVO) into a new entity, Investment International. FMO holds an equity stake in Invest International (49 per cent.). 
Invest International is tasked with supporting Dutch companies through delivering international solutions. It 
provides a 'one-stop shop' for internationally oriented Dutch businesses looking for project development and 
financing solutions to enable them to become more competitive in the international markets.  
Strategy 
In 2022, in close collaboration with its stakeholders, FMO updated its strategy toward 2030. FMO believes in a 
world in which, by 2050, more than 9 billion people live well and within planetary boundaries. This is the future 
FMO is working towards. This is the world FMO wants to help make a reality. FMO's vision and its determination 
has not changed. But the circumstances in which FMO operates has – significantly.   
Progress towards achieving the SDGs is lagging behind worldwide: inequality is on the rise while the climate crisis 
continues to unfold. To counter this trend, there is an urgent need for more bankable opportunities. Some of FMO's 
stakeholders expect FMO to develop these and other higher-risk investments, while others require FMO to limit 
FMO's risk exposure. And while FMO's customers ask for speed and simplicity, FMO is also committed to 
complying with increasingly stringent regulatory requirements.   
FMO's contribution focuses on three SDGs that it can impact most through FMO's financing of the private sector 
in emerging markets: Decent Work and Economic Growth (SDG 8), Reduced Inequalities (SDG 10) and Climate 
Action (SDG 13). FMO wants to maximize its contribution to these SDGs and work closely with its partners to 
achieve this.   
FMO's Strategy 2030 addresses the above and many other challenges. By building on what FMO already does; by 
recognizing what FMO is capable of; and by challenging itself, FMO's customers and its partners to go where 
many others do not yet dare to go. The essence of FMO's strategy is captured in just three words: Pioneer – Develop 
– Scale. This is what FMO aims to do, across the organization. Through financing solutions, by supporting its 
customers with technical assistance and capacity development, and by helping customers enhance their capabilities 
around environmental, social and governance topics. Pioneer, develop and scale are at the heart of FMO's 
'progression model', where FMO moves opportunities from market creation and public funds, through its own 
balance sheet, to commercial mobilization.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
With market creation, FMO makes unbankable opportunities bankable; through business development, and by 
developing ecosystems that seed and nurture nascent segments and businesses. FMO does this by means of 
collaboration and partnerships.   
FMO makes high-impact and high-risk investments possible by leveraging public funding to support entrepreneurs 
working on new business models or operating in low-income countries.   
FMO finances and supports proven models through its own balance sheet. This is the core of FMO's operations. It 
is where FMO provides bankable businesses and projects with e.g., debt, equity, guarantees and capacity 
development.   
FMO scales its impact by mobilizing commercial investors and bringing opportunities into the mainstream - by 
introducing new fund propositions, leveraging its own balance sheet, and blending public and commercial funding.  
Through this progression model of pioneer, develop and scale, FMO aims to maximize its impact, generate 
financial returns and grow a diversified portfolio in a balanced manner. It is how FMO is additional in financing 
the private sector. By focusing on three sectors - Agribusiness, Food and Water, Energy, and Financial Institutions 
- FMO's portfolio contributes to food security, access to renewable energy and a healthy financial sector. In doing 
so, it also contributes to Zero Hunger (SDG 2), Gender Equality (SDG 5) and Affordable and Clean Energy (SDG 
7).   
To help create decent jobs and economic growth (SDG 8), FMO enables entrepreneurs to make local economies 
more inclusive, productive, resilient and sustainable. FMO will continue to work towards job creation, and increase 
its focus on job decency and quality.   
To reduce inequalities (SDG 10) between countries, FMO will continue to invest in the world's least developed 
markets, and in particular look to do more in fragile states. To reduce inequalities within countries, FMO aims to 
increase the opportunities and income for people in the 'bottom 40 per cent. of income distribution'. FMO will 
continue to support the growth of inclusive businesses such as smallholder farmers, off-grid energy solutions and 
those owned by female or young entrepreneurs. FMO will also continue to increase its gender-lens investments.   
To take climate action (SDG 13), FMO remains committed to the goals of the Paris Agreement and to reach net 
zero by 2050 through a just and inclusive transition. FMO recognizes the difficult challenges this poses across 
sectors and countries, but also see opportunities. FMO will engage with its customers and help them move towards 
a sustainable climate pathway. FMO will build up a portfolio that supports mitigation, adaptation and resilience, 
and biodiversity-positive contributions such as forestry to achieve its ambitions.   
To focus the efforts of FMO's entire organization, FMO has set itself clear ambitions that will challenge itself and 
require it to enhance its capabilities. By 2030, FMO's goal is to have realized ten meaningful innovations, and to 
have an investment portfolio of at least EUR 10 billion in both SDG 10 and SDG 13. FMO expects to have doubled 
its public and mobilized portfolios. Also, by being a change agent on environmental, social and governance topics, 
FMO will create value with its customers, and together deliver impact in the societies and the local communities 
where they operate. By helping improve livelihoods, FMO will continue to contribute indirectly to alleviating 
poverty.   
This is how FMO will fulfil its mission: to enable entrepreneurs to increase inclusive and sustainable prosperity. 
And how FMO will live up to its purpose: to create development impact by being additional in financing the 
private sector in low- and middle-income countries. 
Funding needs 
In order to finance its activities, FMO has an estimated funding need of approximately EUR 1 – 2 billion a year. 
FMO expects to use such funding to fund its business activities and for general corporate purposes. 
Markets 
FMO's main markets are: Financial Institutions, Energy and Agribusiness, Food & Water. These are in FMO's 
view crucial to a country's economic and social progress. 
Financial Institutions

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
Accessible finance is a cornerstone of a strong economy and private sector. A healthy financial sector can bolster 
entrepreneurs and individuals. 
FMO works with financial institutions for a world where finance is more sustainable and accessible to everyone. 
FMO offers a range of financial products to financial institutions, including long-term loans, private equity, 
mezzanine, and other tailor-made products. Loans typically have maturities of 5 to 7 years, and are denominated 
in US dollar, Euro or local currency if possible. FMO also promotes green credit lines and looks to finance business 
models that serve the unbanked. 
FMO also supports financial institutions in reaching international best practices, for example, in asset liability 
management, risk management, product development, environmental risk management and implementation of 
client protection principles. 
Energy 
FMO finances long-term projects which power economies, promote the transition to a low-carbon system and 
safeguard energy security. Power shortages are one of the biggest barriers to development for billions of people; 
everyone needs affordable and reliable energy resources. 
FMO's energy practice focuses on renewable energy generation and distribution. FMO offers a full range of 
financing solutions – (syndicated) loans and equity investments – for energy generation and distribution projects, 
off-grid solutions, refurbishments and efficiency improvements.  
FMO is committed to promote the adoption of leading international standards in environmental compliance, land 
tenure, business integrity and social practices. 
Agribusiness, Food & Water 
FMO invests across the value chain – enhancing food security, supporting sustainability and promoting inclusive 
development. Over the coming decades, the global population will increase to over 9 billion with fewer resources 
available. FMO has made Agribusiness, Food & Water a priority to help meet these challenges by focusing 
investments across the value chain. It offers various forms of financing, including long-term loans, equity, 
mezzanine and working capital finance. 
FMO finances sustainable agribusiness companies throughout the value chain including those that make 
agriculture more water efficient. It also has built a portfolio of carbon negative transactions in the forestry and 
sustainable land use sectors. 
State Agreement  
The long-term commitment of the State to the Issuer and the State's strong financial backing of the Issuer is set 
out in an agreement dated 16 November 1998, as amended on 9 October 2009, between the State of the Netherlands 
and the Issuer. This agreement has been updated and modernized in line with the State's guarantee framework, 
FMO's regulatory environment as a bank and capital markets standards and is intended to become effective at 1 
July 2023 (the "State Agreement") (see 'Documents Incorporated by Reference - (m)' for more information).  
The State Agreement applies for an indefinite period and may be cancelled by either party with effect from 1 
January in any year, commencing as of 1 January 2024, but subject to a twelve-year notice period. During such 
notice period, the State Agreement remains in full force and effect. The Issuer states that neither the Issuer nor the 
State has cancelled the State Agreement and that it does not expect cancellation of the State Agreement in the 
foreseeable future.  
In the years 1991 up to and including 2005, the State made budgetary funds available to FMO in the amount of 
EUR 657,981,000, which is included as the development fund in its balance sheet as a component of FMO's equity. 
The purpose of the State Agreement is to ensure that FMO will be able to conduct its business which is described 
in more detail in the State Agreement, the Criteria Memorandum (as defined in the State Agreement) and FMO's 
articles of association. To this extent, Article 2 of the State Agreement provides, translated into English, that:

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
'In order to enable FMO to carry out its business in accordance with its objective as set out in Article 
2.1.1, the State shall provide FMO with funds as provided in Article 4 (The Maintenance Obligation of 
the State) and Article 5 (Guarantee – The Financial Security Obligation of  the State).'  
To this extent, the State Agreement is also aimed at providing financial support so that no situations arise in which 
FMO is unable to meet certain of its commitments on time. The State's undertaking to provide financial support 
and the types of commitments are described in more detail in Article 5 of the State Agreement, which is translated 
into English as follows:  
'If FMO so requests in accordance with Article 5.1.2, the State shall prevent FMO from failing to meet 
the following exhaustively listed obligations of FMO in a timely manner (the Obligations): 
(i) 
debt, loans and funds raised on the capital market;  
(ii) short-term money-market borrowings with a maturity of up to two years;  
(iii) swap agreements with exchange of principal sum and interest payments;  
(iv) swap agreements without exchange of principal sum with interest payments;  
(v) foreign exchange forward contracts and Forward Rate Agreements (FRAs);  
(vi) options and futures contracts;  
(vii) securities financing transactions;  
(viii) other financial instruments that FMO includes in its range of instruments to conduct adequate 
balance sheet management; 
(ix) combinations of the products referred to above under (i) to (viii) inclusive; 
(x) guarantees and other committed funds provided by FMO to third parties in the fulfilment of its 
mandate; and  
(xi) maintaining an adequate organization comprising operational costs, including employee costs, 
expenditure on buildings, administrative costs and similar expenditure.'  
Notes fall within the scope of the abovementioned Article of the State Agreement.  
Article 7 of the State Agreement further provides for a debt ceiling, setting the maximum aggregate amount of 
outstanding debt that FMO may have at any given moment, notwithstanding that the financial security obligation 
between the State and FMO will cover all outstanding debt at all times. The debt ceiling is currently set at USD 
16 billion, far above FMO's current outstanding funding of approximately USD 6 billion. The debt ceiling will be 
recalculated every 5 years to facilitate FMO's growth in line with its strategic ambitions, with the first recalculation 
intended to occur in 2028. Also, an annual premium will be paid by FMO to the State to compensate the State for 
the risks under the maintenance obligation (Article 4) and the financial security obligation (Article 5). The 
premium will have a minimal impact on FMO's financials and will also be recalculated every 5 years based on a 
fixed methodology.   
In connection with the said undertaking of the State, it is agreed that the Issuer will provide the Minister of Finance 
with information necessary to exercise effective supervision of the Issuer's activities and financial position. 
Pursuant to Article 9.1 of the State Agreement, the State cannot suspend its obligations under Article 5.  
The State Agreement provides for an evaluation of the State Agreement every five years from the date of the State 
Agreement. Translated into English, Article 9.2 provides that:  
'The State and FMO shall evaluate this Agreement or cause it to be evaluated after the end of each period 
of 5 (five) years, on the understanding that the first review will take place in 2028. The State and FMO 
shall consider any proposals to amend parts of this Agreement resulting from such evaluations without 
having an obligation to consent to such proposals.'

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
Under Dutch law, the Issuer has no obligation to accept any proposal or offer form amendments to the State 
Agreement following an evaluation.  
Bank Status  
On 3 March 2014, DNB granted a full banking license to FMO pursuant to Article 2:12 of the Dutch Financial 
Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) (the "DFSA"). Since this date, FMO may also attract repayable 
funds from the public, including the issuance of Notes to retail investors (but excluding funds to which the deposit 
guarantee scheme (depositogarantiestelsel) applies), unless prior approval has been obtained from DNB). Prior to 
obtaining a full banking license, FMO was authorized by DNB, pursuant to Article 3:4 subsection 1 of the DFSA, 
to pursue the business of a voluntary bank in the Netherlands.  
As a bank, FMO must ensure that its processes comply with applicable regulatory requirements. FMO is submitted 
to the formal supervision of DNB, and complies with the internationally accepted standards of the BIS (Bank for 
International Settlements) and other banking requirements. As of 4 November 2014, FMO is subject to indirect 
supervision by the ECB. The ECB may give instructions to DNB in respect of FMO or even assume direct 
supervision over the prudential aspects of the FMO's business. 
Management  
  
Supervisory Board  
  
 Drs. D.J. van den Berg  
Chairman of the Supervisory Board2 
Drs. J.V. Timmermans1 
 
 vacancy 
Dr. D.K. Agble1  
Ir. M. Demmers MBA2 + 3 
Ir. R.P.F. van Haeringen2 + 3 
  
1 Member of the Audit and Risk Committee (the "ARC") 
2 Member of the Selection, Appointment and Remuneration Committee (the "SARC") 
3 Member of the Impact Committee 
  
  
Management Board  
  
Ir. M.A.S. Jongeneel 
Chief Executive Officer   
F. Bouaré MBA  
Chief Finance & Operations 
Officer 
Drs. H.J. de Ruijter CFA 
Co-Chief Investment Officer  
Drs. F.P.C.G. Vossen MBA 
Chief Risk Officer 
P.P. Maila CA (SA) 
Co-Chief Investment Officer 
 
 
Management Board  
The chosen address of the Issuer's Management Board is Anna van Saksenlaan 71, 2593 HW The Hague, the 
Netherlands.  
In 2022, the composition of the Management Board of the Issuer expanded from three to five members. The 
previous position of Chief Risk & Finance Officer was split into two positions: a Chief Risk Officer and a Chief 
Finance & Operations Officer. A new Chief Risk Officer was appointed as of 1 September 2022, and the previous 
holder of the Chief Risk & Finance Officer position was appointed Chief Finance & Operations Officer. The Chief 
Investment Officer role was split into two Co-Chief Investment Officer roles in December 2022. The previous 
holder of the Chief Investment Officer position was appointed to one of these positions and the holder of the second

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
position was recruited externally. The reason for the expansion is mainly due to the increased responsibilities and 
complexities of the Management Board portfolios. 
Michael Jongeneel, Chief Executive Officer 
Michael Jongeneel was appointed as Chief Executive Officer as of 1 September 2021. He joined from international 
consulting firm Bain & Company where he was a partner in the Amsterdam office as well as the firm's global lead 
for sustainable finance. In this capacity, he helped to transform banks and insurers toward inclusion of 
sustainability in their core businesses and to develop impact investing strategies and innovative solutions in 
sustainable finance. Additionally, he gained extensive experience working in and with not-for-profit organizations 
focused on positive social and environmental impact. Prior to Bain, he spent eight years at Triodos Bank where he 
was the Managing Director of Triodos Investment Management B.V., and initially joined as Triodos' Chief 
Operating Officer and member of the Executive Board. He has a degree in Information Engineering from the 
University of Twente. Furthermore, Michael is treasurer of the board of Oxfam International, a Dutch 'Stichting'. 
This is a non-executive (supervisory) position. 
Fatoumata Bouaré, Chief Finance & Operations Officer 
Fatoumata Bouaré joined FMO's Management Board in October 2017 as Chief Risk & Finance Officer. Before 
that, she held the positions of Director Risk Management Head at the Bank of Africa Group and Deputy Chief 
Executive Officer of Bank of Africa Benin. In her capacity as the highest-ranking risk professional at the Bank of 
Africa Group, she was in charge of all integral aspects of risk, including environmental, social and sustainability 
risks. Her early career developed primarily with blue-chip multinationals. Working first in treasury and finance, 
she held several regional finance roles with Citibank (Ivory Coast, Senegal), where she eventually transitioned to 
risk management. Thereafter, she assumed two high-level risk positions at United Bank for Africa (Ivory Coast, 
Burkina Faso). She then joined Bank of Africa in 2010. She has a degree in Engineering (Ivory Coast) and a Master 
of Business Administration from L'Ecole Supérieure des Sciences Economiques et Commerciales (ESSEC in 
France). In September 2022, Fatoumata was appointed Chief Finance & Operations Officer of FMO. Furthermore, 
Fatoumata is member of the Advisory Board of One Africa. 
Franka Vossen, Chief Risk Officer 
Franka Vossen joined FMO's Management Board in September 2022 as Chief Risk Officer. Prior to this, Franka 
gained extensive risk and compliance experience in senior management and board positions at, amongst others: 
LeasePlan, DLL, NN Investment Partners, Fortis Investments and ABN AMRO Asset Management. At LeasePlan 
(2017-2020) one of Franka's key results was defining and implementing LeasePlan's sustainability strategy. For 
two years (2020-2022) she ran her own company, Resilience, focusing on corporate governance services for 
various clients. Franka also served as non-executive director and member of the Supervisory Board for several 
organizations over the years, still continuing her role as non-executive director at Coöperatie VGZ. Before joining 
FMO Franka held the position of Chief Risk Officer a.i. at Triodos Bank. Prior to her working career, Franka was 
a top athlete in handball and volleyball. She has a master's degree in Russian and German from the University of 
Leiden and acquired an MBA from EuroMBA. 
Huib-Jan de Ruijter, Co-Chief Investment Officer 
Huib-Jan de Ruijter was appointed as Chief Investment Officer as of 8 July 2021. Since 2015, Huib-Jan de Ruijter 
was Director Financial Institutions, responsible for the sector department which works closely with banks, 
microfinance institutions and fintechs to advance access to finance to entrepreneurs. He started within FMO as 
Investment Officer in the Financial Markets department in 2008. He was promoted to Director of his department 
in 2011 and in this capacity responsible for FMO's treasury as well as loan syndications. Before joining FMO, he 
was an Executive Director in the Financing Group of Goldman Sachs based in London. He started his career at 
ABN AMRO for which he worked in various roles in Amsterdam, London and Lisbon. He studied in Groningen 
where he completed Masters in both Business Administration and Law. He is a CFA Charterholder and attended 
Summerschool at the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) where he took courses on 
International Development. Huib-Jan is Co-Chief Investment Officer alongside FMO's other Co-Chief Investment 
Officer Peter Maila. Together they are responsible for FMO's investment activities, whereby Huib-Jan focuses on 
FMO's Regional Offices, Agribusiness Food and Water, Energy, Financial Institutions, and Partnerships for Impact 
activities. Furthermore, Huib-Jan is member Steering Committee of Agri3 Finance Fund. 
Peter Maila, Co-Chief Investment Officer

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
Peter Maila joined FMO in December 2022 as Co-Chief Investment Officer, with over 27-years working 
experience in finance and impact investing. He came to FMO from his previous position as Africa Coverage 
Director at British International Investment (BII) in London. He was a founding member of their Equity 
Investments team, where he executed impactful transactions in Africa and South Asia. Prior to BII, Peter was the 
Investment Director, Principal Investments at HSBC Bank in London, where he worked on pursuing opportunities 
in sub-Saharan Africa. Before that, Peter worked at Rand Merchant Bank (RMB) and at Standard Bank, both in 
South Africa, his country of origin. For Vodacom Peter was a finance manager in South-Africa as well as in 
Tanzania. Peter is Co-Chief Investment Officer alongside FMO's other Co-Chief Investment Officer Huib-Jan de 
Ruijter. Together they are responsible for FMO's investment activities whereby Peter focusses on Impact & ESG, 
Private Equity and KYC. 
Potential Conflicts of Interest Management Board 
None of the members of the Management Board performs principal activities outside the Issuer which are 
significant for the Issuer. There are no potential conflicting interests between any of the duties of the members of 
the Management Board to the Issuer and their respective private interests or other duties. 
The members of the Management Board avoid any form and semblance of conflicting interests in the performance 
of their duties. The regulations of the Management Board contain a provision that each member of the Management 
Board, who is confronted with a (potential) conflict of interest that is of material importance to FMO, must report 
any such instance to the Chairman of the Supervisory Board and the other members of the Management Board. A 
member of the Management Board who is involved in a conflict of interest provides the Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board and the other members of the Management Board with all the relevant information. The 
question whether or not there is a conflict of interest will be decided by the Supervisory Board in the absence of 
the Management Board member in question. The relevant member of the Management Board will not take part in 
the deliberations or the decision-making regarding that matter. Decisions to enter into transactions involving 
(potential) conflicts of interest of members of the Management Board require the approval of the Supervisory 
Board. In case of a potential conflict of interest the relevant transactions will be disclosed in the annual report.  
Supervisory Board  
The chosen address of the Issuer's Supervisory Board is Anna van Saksenlaan 71, 2593 HW The Hague, the 
Netherlands.  
The Supervisory Board of the Issuer currently consists of five members. The search and selection process for the 
sixth member is in progress. 
Dirk Jan van den Berg, Chairman 
Dirk Jan van den Berg joined the Supervisory Board in 2016. He is currently Chair of the Association of Health 
Insurance Companies in the Netherlands (ZN, Zorgverzekeraars Nederland). He is also a member of the 
Supervisory Board of Air France KLM Holding, Chair (non-executive) of the Board of Tradesparent BV: TP BV 
and Chair of the Supervisory Board of the Dutch Research Council (NWO). 
J.V. (Koos) Timmermans, Vice-Chairman 
J.V. (Koos) Timmermans was appointed as Supervisory Board member in October 2017. He currently chairs the 
Audit and Risk Committee of the Supervisory Board. J.V. (Koos) Timmermans's most recent positions (2007 - 
2019) were Chief Financial Officer at ING Groep N.V., Vice-Chairman of ING Bank N.V. and Chief Risk Officer 
of ING Groep N.V. Currently, he also serves as chairman of Stadsherstel (City Restoration, Amsterdam), member 
of the Supervisory Board of Havenbedrijf Rotterdam (Port Authority Rotterdam), Board Member Administratie 
Kantoor Vopak, Board Member Administratie Kantoor Philips, member Curatorium Post Master Controllers 
Opleiding University of Amsterdam (UvA), member Advisory Board Van Lanschot and member Supervisory 
Board KWF Dutch Cancer Society. He brings the required knowledge and experience, with regard to topics such 
as Risk Management, in particular e.g. Basel III, and Asset & Liability Management to FMO. 
Dugald Agble, Member 
Dugald Agble was appointed as a member of FMO's Supervisory Board on 23 April 2020. He is an experienced 
private equity investor, who has built a solid track record across various top PE firms in London, including Terra 
Firma Capital Partners and Helios Investment Partners, increasingly focusing on sub-Saharan African transactions.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
He is currently Director abrdn Private Equity Opportunities Trust Plc, Director of Black Volta Limited and Director 
of Black Volta Ventures UK Limited. He brings the required financial and economic expertise and the experience 
in financial services-/(impact)investment or development finance.  
Marjolein Demmers, Member 
Marjolein Demmers was appointed as a member of FMO's Supervisory Board on 23 April 2020. She currently 
chairs the Impact Committee of the Supervisory Board. She is a broadly experienced sustainability expert and is 
currently Director/CEO of Natuur & Milieu, a Dutch environmental NGO, which aims to make a difference in the 
fields of renewable energy, sustainable mobility and healthy food. She fulfils the corporate social responsibility 
and sustainability profile. Currently, she is also member of the Supervisory Board of DRIFT (research, consultancy 
and education in transition), board member of SKAO (Schemabeheerder CO2-Prestatieladder), member of the 
Strategic Advisory Council of TNO SA&P (Strategic Advisory & Policy), member of the Supervisory Board of 
AquaMinerals (Reuse of recovered materials of the water sector), member of the Sustainability Board Van Oord, 
member of the Advisory Council Environmental Sciences Group (ESG), WUR and member of the Raad van 
Toezicht Stichting Sustainable Industry Lab, UU. 
Reintje van Haeringen, Member 
Reintje Van Haeringen was appointed as a member of FMO's Supervisory Board 23 April 2020. She currently 
chairs the Selection, Appointment and Remuneration Committee of the Supervisory Board. She is an international 
development expert and is currently CEO of Care Nederland, an NGO, dedicated to poverty reduction and social 
justice worldwide. Reintje van Haeringen brings the required in depth experience with project activities in 
emerging countries, NGOs, Human Rights and the Sustainable Development Goals. Currently, she is also board 
member of the Dutch Coalition for Humanitarian Innovation (DCHI), board member of 'Samenwerkende Hulp 
Organisaties' (SHO/Giro555), member of the Supervisory Board of Dutch Relief Alliance and member of the 
Advisory Board of TU's initiative on resilience.  
Potential Conflicts of Interest Supervisory Board  
Dugald Agble is among other things the CEO and shareholder of an investment company with shared values and 
objectives around development and impact. The sector and country focus and the investment size of this investment 
company show an overlap with activities and objective of FMO. FMO and DNB have agreed on certain 
requirements to mitigate the risk of any conflict of interest that could arise. Other than this, there are no potential 
conflicting interests between any of the duties of the members of the Supervisory Board to the Issuer and their 
respective private interests or other duties.  
FMO voluntarily applies the Dutch Corporate Governance Code (the "Code"). The Supervisory Board is of the 
opinion that all of its members are independent, as meant by Best Practice Provisions 2.1.7 up to and including 
2.1.9 of the Code. No direct, indirect or formal conflicts of interest were identified in 2022. However, in case of 
possible conflicts of interests, if any, members will abstain from discussions and decision making in the 
Supervisory Board. The Code (as described in more detail below under 'Dutch Corporate Governance Code'), to 
which the Issuer voluntarily adheres, requires that any conflict of interest or apparent conflict of interest between 
a company and Supervisory Board members shall be avoided. Decisions to enter into transactions involving 
conflicts of interest of Supervisory Board members that are of material significance to the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Supervisory Board members require the approval of the Supervisory Board. Transactions involving a conflict of 
interest that are of material significance to the Issuer and/or the relevant Supervisory Board members will be 
disclosed in the annual report. 
The regulations of the Supervisory Board contain a provision that a Supervisory Board member who is confronted 
with a potential conflict of interest must report any such instance immediately to the Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board and provide the Chairman of the Supervisory Board with all the relevant information. It is stipulated that 
the Supervisory Board member in question will not take part in the deliberations or decision-making regarding the 
matter.  
Audit and Risk Committee  
The Audit and Risk Committee ("ARC") comprises Koos Timmermans (Chair) and Dugald Agble and has one 
vacancy. The ARC monitors economic capital issues, in line with Basel guidelines. It supervises and advises on 
FMO's financial position. It monitors and offers expertise on issues such as risk management policy, internal and

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
external auditing systems and compliance with legislation and external and internal regulations. One of its key 
tasks is to monitor the performance of external auditors. 
Selection, Appointment and Remuneration Committee 
The Selection, Appointment and Remuneration Committee ("SARC") currently consists of three members: Reintje 
van Haeringen (Chair), Dirk Jan van den Berg and Marjolein Demmers. The main task of the SARC is to advise 
on the proposals on the (re)appointment of Supervisory and Management Board members. Other tasks include 
monitoring the remuneration policy, preparing proposed adjustments and giving advice on the remuneration of 
individual Management Board members. 
Impact Committee 
The Impact Committee currently comprises Marjolein Demmers (Chair), Reintje van Haeringen and has one 
vacancy. The Impact Committee assists the Supervisory Board in overseeing the quality and integrity of FMO's 
statements regarding development impact. The Impact Committee, amongst others, prepares the decision-making 
(and/or the advice) of the Supervisory Board around FMO's strategy (including policies and targets) around Impact 
and ESG. 
General Meeting 
The Annual General Meeting is held within six months after the end of the financial year. The General Meeting is 
notified by the Supervisory Board of any proposed appointment to the Management Board, adopts the financial 
statements, determines the allocation of profits, grants discharge to the members of the Management Board and 
Supervisory Board, fills vacancies and appoints the auditors of the Issuer. Insofar as the articles of association do 
not prescribe a larger majority, resolutions of the General Meeting will be adopted by an absolute majority of the 
votes cast. 
 
 
Dividend 
The provision and the appropriation of the net profit of FMO is based upon the articles of association and the State 
Agreement. In short, dividend payments cannot be made in case of a significant deterioration of economic and 
financial circumstances up until the moment of dividend distribution. The General Meeting will determine which 
portion of the result of a financial year is reserved or in which way a loss will be incorporated, as well as the 
appropriation of the remaining profit, with regard to which the Supervisory Board and the Management Board can 
make a non-binding proposal in accordance with the provision and dividend policy adopted by the General 
Meeting, taking into account the relevant provisions in the State Agreement. 
A company net profit of EUR 1 million is recorded in 2022. Under the Agreement State-FMO of November 16, 
1998, FMO is required to add EUR 1 million to the contractual reserve. Therefore, the 2022 profit is not completely 
distributable. The distributable element of the net profit amounts to EUR 0,04 million (2021: EUR 12,8 million). 
The Management Board and the Supervisory Board have proposed not distributing cash dividend for 2022. 
Structure, Policy and Compliance  
FMO is a company with a two-tier board consisting of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board, within 
the meaning of Article 2:153 of the Dutch Civil Code. Among other implications, this means that members of the 
Supervisory Board will be appointed by the General Meeting at the nomination of the Supervisory Board. With 
respect to a third of the members of the Supervisory Board, the Supervisory Board is in principle required to 
nominate the individual recommended by the Works Council. The Dutch Civil Code also states that the financial 
statements will be adopted by the General Meeting.  
Dutch Corporate Governance Code  
On 22 December 2022, the Dutch Corporate Governance Committee released the Code which was subsequently 
effective as per 1 January 2023. The Code contains principles and best practice provisions for managing boards, 
supervisory boards, shareholders and general meetings of shareholders, financial reporting, auditing, disclosure, 
compliance with and enforcement of the Code. 
Dutch companies admitted to trading on a European regulated market or a non-European stock exchange that is 
comparable to a European regulated market are required under Dutch law to disclose in their annual reports

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
whether or not they apply the provisions of the Code and, if and to the extent they do not apply, to explain the 
reasons why. 
Although it is not a listed company, FMO voluntarily adheres to the Code and has reported on corporate 
governance in the financial annual report from 2004 onwards, in accordance with the Code. FMO acknowledges 
the importance of good corporate governance. FMO supports the last version of the Code (2022 version) and 
applies the relevant provisions of the Code (the 2016 version that was still applicable to 2022) subject to the 
exceptions set out in its Annual Report 2022. 
Banking Code 
The Dutch Banking Code 2014 ("Banking Code") as formulated by the Dutch Banking Association (Nederlandse 
Vereniging van Banken) entered into force on 1 January 2015 and is designated to make a contribution to public 
trust in banks and their role in the community. The Banking Code applies to all banks holding a banking license 
and formulates principles for banks relating to, for instance, the bankers' oath, remuneration, internal supervision, 
risk management and audits. Under this Banking Code banks are obliged to report in their annual report on their 
compliance with the principles of the Banking Code. Banks are required to state in their annual report how they 
have applied the principles of the Banking Code in the previous year and, if they have not applied a principle or 
not done so in full, to provide a reasoned explanation for this. FMO has implemented the Banking Code and has 
drawn up an extensive document in which FMO explains per article how it complies ('FMO and the Dutch Banking 
Code'), which is published on FMO's website and as far as required in FMO's annual reports.  
Recovery and resolution measures; intervention measures  
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive, as amended ("BRRD") and the Single Resolution Mechanism 
Regulation ("SRM Regulation") set out a common European recovery and resolution framework which is 
composed of three pillars: (i) preparation (by requiring banks to draw up recovery plans and resolution authorities 
to draw up resolution plans), (ii) early intervention powers and (iii) resolution powers. The BRRD has been 
implemented into Dutch law on 26 November 2015. The Issuer is subject to the BRRD as implemented in Dutch 
law. 
The SRM Regulation applies to banks subject to the single supervisory mechanism ("SSM") pursuant to Council 
Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013 and Regulation (EU) No 1022/2013, such as the Issuer, and provides for a single 
resolution mechanism ("SRM") in respect of such banks. The SRM Regulation has been applicable since 1 January 
2016 and prevails over the implementation in national law of the BRRD where it concerns the resolution of such 
banks. The SRM Regulation also provides for the establishment of a Single Resolution Board ("SRB"), which will 
be responsible for the effective and consistent functioning of the SRM. The SRB also acts as the competent 
resolution authority for significant banks under the SSM. The competent national resolution authority will in 
principle be the competent resolution authority for less significant banks, such as the Issuer, and is in that capacity 
responsible for adopting resolution decisions in respect of such banks. The competent resolution authority in 
respect of the Issuer is the Dutch Central Bank. Under certain circumstances, however, the SRB may instead of 
DNB act as competent resolution authority in respect of less significant banks. 
The SRM and BRRD apply not only to banks, but may also apply to certain investment firms, group entities. In 
connection therewith, the SRM and BRRD recognize and enable the application of the recovery and resolution 
framework both on the level of an individual entity as well as on a group level. The below should be read in the 
understanding that the Issuer may become subject to requirements and measures under the SRM and BRRD not 
only with a view to or as a result of its individual financial situation, but also, in certain circumstances, with a view 
to or as a result of the financial situation of the group that it forms part of. 
The BRRD, as implemented under Dutch law, provides DNB in its capacity as competent national resolution 
authority with the powers necessary to implement resolution decisions in respect of less significant banks in the 
Netherlands, such as the Issuer. In addition, DNB, as the competent supervisory authority in respect of less 
significant banks, is allowed to take certain recovery measures in the event the financial condition of such a bank 
is deteriorating (subject to further conditions). Such measures could pertain, amongst others, to a change of the 
legal or operational structure, the removal of (individuals within) senior management or the management body and 
the appointment of a temporary administrator. 
DNB may pursuant to the SRM Regulation decide to write-down, cancel or convert relevant capital instruments 
(including any Subordinated Notes which are specified in the applicable Final Terms to be intended as Tier 2 Notes 
in the applicable Final Terms) of the Issuer, independently or in combination with a resolution action as described

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
below (excluding the bail-in tool) if the Issuer would be deemed no longer viable (or one or more other conditions 
apply). DNB will subsequently exercise the write-down and conversion powers pursuant to the BRRD, as 
implemented under Dutch law, in order to write-down or cancel the relevant capital instruments or convert these 
instruments into shares or other instruments of ownership, and in accordance with a certain order of priority. 
DNB may decide to place the Issuer under resolution if the Issuer would be deemed failing or likely to fail and the 
other resolution conditions would also be met. As part of the resolution scheme to be adopted by DNB, it may 
decide to apply certain resolution tools, subject to the general resolution objectives and principles laid down in the 
SRM Regulation. These resolution tools include the sale of business tool, the bridge institution tool and the asset 
separation tool, each of which, in summary, provides for a transfer of certain assets and/or liabilities of the 
institution under resolution to a third party. In addition, the SRM provides for the bail-in tool. The bail-in tool may 
be applied to recapitalize the Issuer or convert to equity or reduce the principal amount of claims or debt 
instruments of the Issuer that have been transferred pursuant to one of the aforementioned transfer tools. The bail-
in tool extends further than the relevant capital instruments of the Issuer, and may also result in the write-down or 
conversion of eligible liabilities of the Issuer in accordance with a certain order of priority. In order to ensure the 
effectiveness of the bail-in tool, the SRM prescribes at all times an MREL which may be subject to the bail-in tool. 
The DNB has determined the MREL on a bank-by-bank basis, based on assessment criteria set out in technical 
regulatory standards. 
According to the SRM Regulation, the national resolution authorities shall take the necessary action to implement 
resolution decisions. They shall exercise their powers granted to them under the BRRD, as implemented in national 
law. In addition to the resolution powers described above, the Dutch Central Bank has been granted certain other 
resolution and ancillary powers to implement any resolution decision in respect of the Issuer. It may for instance 
decide to terminate or amend any agreement (including a debt instrument such as the Notes) to which the Issuer is 
a party or replace the Issuer as a party thereto. Furthermore, the Dutch Central Bank may, subject to certain 
conditions, suspend the exercise of certain rights of counterparties vis-à-vis the Issuer or suspend the performance 
of payment or delivery obligations of the Issuer. In addition, pursuant to Dutch law, certain counterparty rights 
may be excluded in the event such rights come into existence or become enforceable as a result of any recovery or 
resolution measure or any event in connection therewith (subject to further conditions).  
The EU Banking Reforms (as described above under the risk factor 'D.2. FMO is subject to minimum capital and 
liquidity requirements and may have insufficient capital resources to meet such requirements') include various 
amendments to the BRRD and SRM framework, including the implementation of the TLAC standards as well as 
an amendment of the MREL framework to align it with the TLAC standard. The TLAC standard adopted by the 
Financial Stability Board aims to ensure that G-SIBs have sufficient loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity 
available in resolution. To maintain coherence between the MREL rules (which apply to both G-SIBs and non-G-
SIBs), the EU Banking Reforms also contemplate a number of changes to the MREL rules applicable to non-G-
SIBs, such as the Issuer, including (without limitation) the criteria for the eligibility of liabilities for MREL. The 
EU Banking Reforms finally contemplated a moratorium tool allowing for the suspension of certain contractual 
obligations for a short period of time in resolution as well as in the early intervention phase. 
 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399 (Bank Creditor Hierarchy), which was an amendment to the BRRD, was implemented 
into Dutch law on 14 December 2018. A further amendment to BRRD on 7 June 2019 ("BRRD II"), was due to 
be largely implemented into Dutch law no later than 28 December 2020, with national regulators having until 1 
January 2024 at the latest to impose full MREL requirements on firms. After the relevant draft legislation was 
published as part of a public consultation on 11 December 2020), the final implementation into Dutch law took 
place on 20 December 2021, and applied as of 21 December 2021. 
 
Finally, Dutch law enables the Dutch Minister of Finance to intervene with a bank established in the Netherlands, 
such as the Issuer, if the Dutch Minister of Finance is of the view that the stability of the financial system is in 
serious and immediate danger due to the situation that the bank is in. These powers consist of (i) the expropriation 
of assets and/or liabilities of the Issuer, and securities issued by or with the cooperation of the Issuer, claims against 
it, and (ii) immediate measures, which measures may deviate from statutory provisions or the Issuer's articles of 
association, such as temporarily depriving the Issuer's shareholders from exercising their voting rights and 
suspending a board member or a supervisory board member ("Intervention Measures").  
The entry into force of the SRM Regulation and the implementation of the BRRD has raised the question whether 
Intervention Measures are compatible with the SRM and implementation of the BRRD. The Dutch legislator has 
addressed this issue by labelling the Intervention Measures as state emergency regulations. It is therefore expected

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
that these powers will only be applied if the SRM and BRRD regime would not be effective. The exclusion of 
certain rights against the Issuer, as discussed above with respect to the BRRD, applies similarly in this context. 
Basel III and CRR/CRD  
In October 2021, the European Commission published their proposal for CRD VI/CRR 3 to implement the Basel 
III reforms (BCBS 424) and the standard on the capital requirements for market risk (BCBS 457). The proposal 
contains a number of items which will impact FMO's financial position following the expected implementation in 
January 2025. An important element for FMO is a change in the treatment of private equity exposures under the 
new standardized approach for credit risk. FMO's private equity exposures currently receive a 150 per cent. risk 
weight. BCBS 424 includes three categories: speculative equity (400 per cent. risk weight), equity holdings under 
national legislated programs (100 per cent. risk weight), and all other equity exposures (250 per cent. risk weight). 
The CRR 3 proposal refines BCBS 424 based on holding period so that FMO's private equity exposures receive a 
250 per cent. risk weight. The proposal could change in a manner that increases the risk weight for private equity 
exposures. 
 
Also included in the CRR 3 proposal is the BCBS standard on the capital requirements for market risk (BCBS 
457). Although FMO does not have a trading book portfolio, the revised standards affect the capital requirements 
for FMO's foreign exchange position in the banking book. FMO shall apply the alternative standardized approach 
for market risk sensitivity-based method, under which the capital requirements will depend on the type of currency 
and the correlation between the currencies. Implementation of the new methodology is expected to take place in 
2025 as part of the general implementation of CRR 3. Furthermore, the CRR 3 proposal includes new guidelines 
on the delineation between the trading book and the banking book, which may require FMO to set up a trading 
book in case FMO's products meet the definition of assets that are presumed to be in the trading book. 
 
Subsidiaries  
FMO is the majority shareholder of each of the following subsidiaries: 
 
Asia Participations B.V. (100 per cent.);  
 
Equis DFI Feeder L.P. (63 per cent.);  
 
FMO Investment Management B.V. (100 per cent.); and 
 
FMO Representative Office LAC Limitada (100 per cent.). 
International Financial Reporting Standards  
FMO reports on the basis of the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as adopted by the European 
Union, as of 1 January 2005.  
Economic outlook 
The outlook for 2023 is shaped by several interconnected economic and non-economic developments. The war in 
Ukraine and conflicts in other regions will bring prolonged human suffering to the affected countries and its people 
and continue to negatively affect the (global) economy. Social unrest and geopolitical instability are increasing. 
The increased cost-of-living observed in 2022 is expected to persist in 2023 and, in the short run, continue to 
elevate poverty and inequality levels. The World Bank estimates that the bottom 40 per cent. (in terms of income 
distribution) experiences, on average, 3 percentage points higher inflation than the top 60 per cent.1 In addition, 
severe weather events will further exacerbate food insecurity, particularly in developing countries that are typically 
exposed to higher degrees of climate-related risks. While inflationary pressure and energy prices easing off at the 
end of 2022, risks of new supply disruptions remain in 2023. Subdued demand in advanced economies, monetary 
policy tightening and high debt burden in developing countries are likely to prevail in 2023, impacting economic 
activities.  
 
 
1 World Bank (Jun. 2022). Poverty and Shared Prosperity Report.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
In January 2023, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) projected that global growth will decrease from 3.4 per 
cent. in 2022 to 2.9 per cent. in 2023. In emerging markets and developing countries growth is expected to increase 
slightly from 3.9 per cent. in 2022 to 4.0 per cent. in 2023. Approximately 84 per cent. of countries are expected 
to experience lower inflation in 2023. This is mostly explained by declining international commodity prices as a 
result of lower global demand and cooling effects of monetary policy tightening on underlying (core) inflation, 
which is expected to decline, according to the IMF. Some emerging markets and developing economies may still 
be affected as they continue to struggle with heavy debt burdens, weak currencies, subdued income growth, and 
slowing business investments.1 
FMO will continue to fulfil its mandate as a development finance institution, investing countercyclically and taking 
risks that commercial parties are not (yet) willing to take. In line with FMO's 2030 strategy, its ambition for 2023 
is twofold:  
 
1. FMO strives to grow its impactful business by focusing on deals that contribute to reducing inequalities 
(SDG 10) and climate action (SDG 13).  
2. To deliver on its impact ambition, FMO will further improve its capabilities, focusing in particular on 
efficiency, developing skill sets and impact management.   
 
Growing impactful business 
To achieve FMO's 2030 ambitions, FMO needs to step up its efforts, especially towards SDG 10 and 13. FMO 
has, therefore, set the following targets for 2023: 
  
2030 Strategic ambition
Target 
  
  
2023 
2022 
Reduced Inequality-labelled total committed portfolio  
(€ mln)* 
10,000 
4,900 
4,275 
Green-labelled total committed portfolio (€ mln)* 
10,000 
4,900 
4,310 
Total committed portfolio (€ mln)* 
22,300 
14,000 
13,005 
Committed portfolio mobilized funds (€ mln)* 
6,000 
3,000 
2,755 
Committed portfolio public funds (€ mln)* 
3,000 
1,700 
1,445 
ESG risks managed at an adequate level (%) 
  
90 
90 
*Portfolio targets are the result of FMO's forecasting model and are strongly influenced by the EUR-USD exchange rate used by the model. 
 
To bring FMO to a Reduced Inequality-labelled total committed portfolio of EUR 4.9 billion and a Green-labelled 
total committed portfolio of EUR 4.9 billion at the end of 2023, FMO aims to achieve EUR 1,240 million in 
Reduced Inequality-labelled new investments and EUR 1,405 million in Green-labelled new investments. To 
achieve its ambitions towards SDG 10, FMO will invest more in least developed countries and explore 
opportunities to do more in fragile states. In addition, FMO will invest in inclusive businesses that - among others 
- are focused on reaching the bottom 40 per cent. of income distribution and advancing gender equality. 
 
To achieve its ambitions towards SDG 13, FMO will strengthen its climate action approach and invest more in 
Green projects. FMO will take concrete actions to implement its Climate Action Plan. In 2023, FMO's focus will 
be on a) raising organizational awareness and increasing organizational capacities to integrate climate 
considerations into its business activities, b) increasing its support to customers by developing a climate adaptation 
and resilience approach, and c) further aligning its portfolio with the Paris Agreement. 
 
 
1 IMF (Jan. 2023). World Economic Outlook Update: Inflation Peaking amid Low Growth.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
FMO will continue to use public funds to bear higher risks in projects with high development impact potential. In 
addition, FMO will commence its work on market creation to facilitate the development of unbankable 
opportunities into bankable projects, by further strengthening its support to business development and ecosystem 
development activities. Overall, FMO aims to achieve a total committed portfolio - combining investments made 
through FMO, public and mobilized funds - of EUR 14 billion by the end of 2023. 
 
Improving FMO's capabilities further 
To help FMO grow its impactful business, FMO will invest in developing specific organizational capabilities. 
FMO has identified eight areas of focus for the coming years. In 2023, FMO will focus on a) improving efficiency, 
specifically with respect to its investment process, to enable FMO to scale up its investments and, thereby, its 
impact; b) growing the number of its employees and developing their skill sets to accommodate for changes in 
impact and ESG management and practices, regulations and stakeholder expectations as well as its strategic 
ambitions; and c) improving its impact measurement and management to help FMO maximize its impact.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
FMO FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL REVIEW (AS AT 31 DECEMBER)  
 
(x € million) 
2022 
IFRS
2021 
IFRS
2020 
IFRS
2019 
IFRS
20181 
IFRS
New commitments2
2,423
1,938
1,887
2,857
2,637
 of which are Government funds 
153
233
145
233
135
 of which are Mobilized funds
457
521
483
722
  Total committed portfolio  
13,238
12,503
12,022
10,427
9,504
of which are Government funds3
1,401
1,352
1,148
1,328
1,131
of which are Mobilized funds
2,903
2,813
2,708
3,000
Balance sheet 
Loans to the private sector
5,110
4,775
4,758
5,031
4,771
Equity investments portfolio4
2,580
2,316
1,984
2,165
1,798
Shareholders' equity 
3,448
3,434
2,897
3,127
2,984
Debt securities and debentures / 
notes 
5,572 
5,427 
5,486 
5,808 
5,140 
Total assets  
9,900 
9,303 
8,998 
9,412 
8,490 
Profit and loss account 
Income
Net interest income
235
231
241
215
210
Income from equity investments
91
318
-178
103
69
Other income including services
12
17
25
12
18
Total Income 
338 
565 
88 
330 
297 
Expenses
Total operating expenses
152
114
-143
-130
-107
Operating profit before value 
adjustments 
186 
451 
-57 
199 
190 
Value adjustments
> to loans and guarantees
-143
9
-78
-92
-22
> to equity investments
-
-
-
-
-
Total value adjustments 
-143 
9 
-78 
92 
-22 
Share in the results of associates 
-59
64
-66
11
-2
Profit before tax (including results 
from associates) 
-16 
524 
-201 
118 
 
166 
Taxes 
17 
-33
-4
2
-15 
Net profit 
1 
491 
205 
120 
151 
Average number of full-time 
employees 
661 
605 
587 
538 
488 
Avoided GHG emissions 
(tCO2eq)(x'000)5 
1,439 
1,329 
1,578 
868 
988 
 
1) The results for financial year ending 31 December 2018 included the first-time adoption of IFRS 9. 
Comparative figures for financial years ending 31 December 2017 and earlier were not restated as a part of 
the transition. As a result, the amounts relating to financial assets reflected in the balance sheet and profit and 
loss line items for 2018 are not directly comparable with those of prior years. 
2) New commitments and total committed portfolio concern both investments for FMO's account and 
investments for government funds managed by FMO. In 2020, FMO introduced a new methodology to 
account for new investments. The 2019 comparative figures have been restated to reflect the new 
methodology. 
3) The Government funds include MASSIF, IDF, AEF and FOM-OS.  
4) Including investments in associates. 
5) 2020 results are based on new harmonized joint impact model.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 2022 AND 2021 
The annual figures for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 are derived from the Issuer's 
annual accounts for the year 2022.  
(before profit appropriation) 
(x € thousands) 
Notes 
2022 
2021 
 
 
Assets 
 
 
Banks 
(1) 
26,807 
95,873 
Current accounts with State funds and other programs 
(2) 
956 
648 
Short-term deposits 
(3) 
 
 
-of which: Amortized cost 
 
1,114,801 
1,149,877 
-of which: Fair value through profit or loss 
 
223,575 
193,302 
Other receivables 
(4) 
17,251 
22,477 
Interest-bearing securities 
(5) 
 
 
-of which: Amortized cost 
 
537,825 
463,971 
Derivative financial instruments 
(6) 
195,239 
235,673 
Loans to the private sector 
(7) 
 
 
-of which: Amortized cost 
 
4,623,568 
4,152,713 
-of which: Fair value through profit or loss 
 
486,067 
621,978 
Current tax receivables 
(31) 
20,942 
- 
Equity investments 
(9) 
 
 
-of which: Fair value through OCI 
 
150,733 
140,425 
-of which: Fair value through profit or loss 
 
2,130,903 
1,876,825 
Investments in associates 
(10) 
297,960 
298,737 
Property, plant and equipment 
(11) 
23,321 
27,243 
Intangible assets 
(12) 
11,955 
17,958 
Deferred income tax assets 
(31) 
8,058 
5,589 
Total assets 
 
9,889,961 
9,303,289 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Short-term credits 
(13) 
52,156 
123,359 
Current accounts with State funds and other programs 
(14) 
1,058 
1,017 
Derivative financial instruments 
(6) 
610,976 
192,225 
Other financial liabilities 
(15) 
 
 
-of which: Fair value through profit or loss 
 
82,328 
- 
Debentures and notes 
(16) 
5,572,253 
5,426,596 
Current tax liabilities 
(31) 
- 
36,929 
Wage tax liabilities 
 
615 
576 
Accrued liabilities 
(17) 
24,466 
28,208 
Other liabilities 
(18) 
52,263 
22,400 
Provisions 
(19) 
42,113 
27,592 
Deferred income tax liabilities 
(31) 
13,407 
10,748 
Total liabilities 
 
6,451,635 
5,869,650 
 
 
 
Shareholders' equity 
 
 
 
Share capital 
 
9.076 
9,076 
Share premium reserve 
 
29,272 
29,272

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
Contractual reserve 
 
2,659,053 
2,658,032 
Development fund 
 
657,981 
657,981 
Fair value reserve 
 
38,559 
30,910 
Actuarial result pensions 
 
-6,533 
-7,433 
Translation reserve 
 
17,544 
-392 
Other reserves 
 
43,338 
43,338 
Undistributed profit 
 
36 
12,831 
Shareholders' equity (parent) 
 
3,448,326 
3,433,615 
Non-controlling interests 
 
- 
24 
Total shareholders' equity 
 
3,448,326 
3,433,639 
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
(20) 
9,899,961 
9,303,289 
 
 
 
Contingent assets and liabilities: 
 
 
 
- Encumbered funds (single resolution fund) 
(32) 
2,130 
1,453 
- Effective guarantees issued 
(32) 
138,359 
69,341 
- Effective guarantees received 
(32) 
-449,913 
-334,221 
Irrevocable facilities 
(32) 
1,501,169 
1,465,221

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
CONSOLIDATED PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT 2022 AND 2021 
The consolidated profit and loss account figures for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 
are derived from the Issuer's annual accounts for the year 2022. 
(before profit appropriation) 
(x € thousands)
Notes 
2022 
2021 
 
Income 
 
Interest income from financial instruments measured at AC 
335,256 
278,420 
Interest income from financial instruments measured at FVPL1 
15,828 
-11,857 
Interest expenses from financial instruments measured at AC 
128,868 
-106,780 
Interest expenses from financial instruments measured at FVPL 
12,707 
71,084 
Interest expenses on leases 
 
-139 
-158 
Net interest income 
(21) 
234,784 
230,709 
Fee and commission income 
10,912 
11,568 
Fee and commission expense 
-12,809 
-5,871 
Net fee and commission income 
(24) 
-1897 
5,679 
Dividend income 
(22) 
41,423 
22,066 
Results from equity investments 
(23) 
49,266 
295,535 
Total results from equity investments 
 
90,689 
317,601 
Results from financial transactions 
(25) 
-18,831 
-26,419 
Remuneration for services rendered 
(26) 
32,937 
32,257 
Gains and losses due to derecognition 
(27) 
299 
5,135 
Other operating income 
(28) 
- 
116 
Total other income 
14,405 
11,089 
Total income 
337,981 
565,096 
 
Operating expenses 
 
Staff costs 
(29) 
-108,393 
-73,121 
Administrative expenses 
(30) 
-32,087 
-28,802 
Depreciation and impairment of PP&E + intangible assets 
(11), (12) 
-11,450 
-11,934 
Other operating expenses 
-510 
-293 
Total operating expenses 
-152,440 
-114,150 
 
Impairments on: 
 
Interest-bearing securities 
(5) 
-34 
51 
Loans 
(7),(8) 
-126,634 
3,257 
Loan commitments 
(32) 
-5,262 
1,841 
Guarantees issued 
(32) 
-10,853 
3,917 
Total impairments 
-142,783 
9,066 
 
Results on associates 
 
Share in the result of associates 
(10) 
-58,596 
63,902 
Profit before taxation 
-15,838 
523,914 
Income tax 
(31) 
16,873 
-33,268 
Net profit 
1,058 
490,646

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
TAXATION 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the Issuer's 
country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from the Notes. 
Certain material Netherlands tax consequences 
General 
The following is a general summary of certain material Netherlands tax consequences of the acquisition, holding 
and disposal of the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts. This summary does not purport to describe all possible 
tax considerations or consequences that may be relevant to a holder or prospective holder of Notes, Coupons, 
Talons or Receipts and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, 
some of which (such as trusts or similar arrangements) may be subject to special rules. In view of its general nature, 
it should be treated with corresponding caution. Noteholders or prospective noteholders should consult with their 
own tax advisors with regard to the tax consequences of investing in the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts in 
their particular circumstances. The discussion below is included for general information purposes only. 
This summary is based on the tax laws of the Netherlands, published regulations thereunder and published 
authoritative case law, all as in effect on the date hereof, and all of which are subject to change or to different 
interpretation, possibly with retroactive effect. Where the summary refers to "the Netherlands" it refers only to the 
part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands located in Europe. 
Withholding tax 
All payments made by the Issuer under the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts may – except in very specific cases 
as described below – be made free of withholding or deduction of, for or on account of any taxes of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority 
thereof or therein, unless the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts are treated as equity of the Issuer for Netherlands 
tax purposes. 
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) interest due and payable to an affiliated (gelieerde) entity 
of the Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident of a jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly updated Dutch 
Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten 
en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent establishment located in 
such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest payable for the main purpose 
or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation of another person, or (iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the 
interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient 
of the interest (hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as resident in any jurisdiction (also a hybrid mismatch), or 
(vi) is a reverse hybrid whereby the jurisdiction of residence of a higher-tier beneficial owner (achterliggende 
gerechtigde) that has a qualifying interest (kwalificerend belang) in the reverse hybrid treats the reverse hybrid as 
tax transparent and that higher-tier beneficial owner would have been taxable based on one (or more) of the items 
in (i) up to and including (v) above had the interest been due to that higher-tier beneficial owner directly, all within 
the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). Provided that no payments of 
interest are made by the Issuer under a Note to an entity affiliated to the Issuer that meets one of the conditions as 
stated under (i) up to and including (vi) above, payments of interest made by the Issuer under a Note should not 
become subject to withholding tax on the basis of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  
Taxes on income and capital gains 
Please note that the summary in this section does not describe the Netherlands tax consequences for:  
(i) 
holders of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts if such holders, and in the case of individuals, his/her partner 
or certain of their relatives by blood or marriage in the direct line (including foster children) have a substantial 
interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial interest (fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer under 
the Netherlands Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001). Generally speaking, a holder of 
securities in a company is considered to hold a substantial interest in such company, if such holder, alone or, 
in case of individuals, together with their partner (as defined in the Netherlands Income Tax Act 2001), 
directly or indirectly, holds (i) an interest of 5 per cent. or more of the total issued and outstanding capital of 
that company or of 5 per cent. or more of the issued and outstanding capital of a certain class of shares of

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
that company; or (ii) holds rights to acquire, directly or indirectly, such interest; or (iii) holds certain profit 
sharing rights in that company that relate to 5 per cent. or more of the company's annual profits and/or to 5 
per cent. or more of the company's liquidation proceeds. A deemed substantial interest may arise if a 
substantial interest (or part thereof) in a company has been disposed of, or is deemed to have been disposed 
of, on a non-recognition basis;  
(ii) pension funds, investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen), exempt investment institutions 
(vrijgestelde beleggingsinstellingen) (as defined in the Netherlands Corporate Income Tax Act 1969; Wet op 
de vennootschapsbelasting 1969) and other entities that are, in whole or in part, not subject to or exempt from 
Netherlands corporate income tax; and 
(iii) holders of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts who are individuals for whom the Notes, Coupons, Talons or 
Receipts or any benefit derived from the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts are a remuneration or deemed 
to be a remuneration for activities performed by such holders or certain individuals related to such holders 
(as defined in the Netherlands Income Tax Act 2001).  
Netherlands Resident Entities 
Generally speaking, if the holder of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts is an entity that is a resident or deemed 
to be resident of the Netherlands for Netherlands corporate income tax purposes (a "Netherlands Resident 
Entity"), any payment under the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts or any gain or loss realized on the disposal 
or deemed disposal of the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts is subject to Netherlands corporate income tax at a 
rate of 19 per cent. with respect to taxable profits up to EUR 200,000 and 25.8 per cent. with respect to taxable 
profits in excess of that amount (rates and brackets for 2023). 
Netherlands Resident Individuals 
If the holder of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts is an individual, resident or deemed to be resident of the 
Netherlands for Netherlands income tax purposes (a "Netherlands Resident Individual"), any payment under the 
Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts or any gain realized on the disposal or deemed disposal of the Notes, Coupons, 
Talons or Receipts is taxable at the progressive income tax rates (with a maximum of 49.5 per cent. as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus), if: 
(i) 
the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts are attributable to an enterprise from which the holder of the Notes, 
Coupons, Talons or Receipts derives a share of the profit, whether as an entrepreneur (ondernemer) or as a 
person who has a co-entitlement to the net worth (medegerechtigd tot het vermogen) of such enterprise, 
without being a shareholder (as defined in the Netherlands Income Tax Act 2001); or 
(ii) the holder of the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts is considered to perform activities with respect to the 
Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts that go beyond ordinary asset management (normaal, actief 
vermogensbeheer) or derives benefits from the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts that are taxable as 
benefits from other activities (resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden). 
If the above-mentioned conditions (i) and (ii) do not apply to the Netherlands Resident Individual, the Notes held 
by such Netherlands Resident Individual will be taxed under the regime for savings and investments (inkomen uit 
sparen en beleggen). Irrespective of the actual income or capital gains realised, the annual taxable benefit of all 
the assets and liabilities of a Netherlands Resident Individual that are taxed under this regime, including the Notes, 
is set at a deemed return insofar as the yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) exceeds a EUR 57,000 threshold 
(heffingvrij vermogen). Such yield basis is determined as the fair market value of certain qualifying assets held by 
the holder of the Notes, less the fair market value of certain qualifying liabilities at the beginning of the calendar 
year. The fair market value of the Notes will be included as an asset in the holder's yield basis and will be classified 
as other investments. The deemed return on this yield basis is calculated on the basis of a weighted average of the 
different classes of qualifying assets each with their own estimated deemed returns. The deemed returns for 2023 
are set at 0.36 per cent. for savings, at 6.17 per cent. for other investments (such as the Notes) and at 2.57 per cent. 
for liabilities. The deemed return for savings and liabilities will be definitively set after the end of the calendar 
year to determine the best possible approximation of returns actually realised in the market in that calendar year. 
The deemed return for other investments (such as the Notes) is already definitely set. If the deemed return is 
negative, then the deemed return is set to nil. The deemed return on the Netherlands Resident Individual's yield 
basis is taxed at a rate of 32 per cent. (rate for 2023). 
Non-residents of the Netherlands

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
A holder of the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts that is neither a Netherlands Resident Entity nor a Netherlands 
Resident Individual will not be subject to Netherlands taxes on income or capital gains in respect of any payment 
under the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts or in respect of any gain or loss realized on the disposal or deemed 
disposal of the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts, provided that: 
(i) such holder does not have an interest in an enterprise or deemed enterprise (as defined in the Netherlands 
Income Tax Act 2001 and the Netherlands Corporate Income Tax Act 1969) which, in whole or in part, is 
either effectively managed in the Netherlands or carried on through a permanent establishment, a deemed 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands and to which enterprise or part of 
an enterprise the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts are attributable; and 
(ii) in the event the holder is an individual, such holder does not carry out any activities in the Netherlands with 
respect to the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts that go beyond ordinary asset management and does not 
derive benefits from the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts that are taxable as benefits from other activities 
in the Netherlands. 
Gift and inheritance taxes 
Residents of the Netherlands 
Gift or inheritance taxes will arise in the Netherlands with respect to a transfer of the Notes, Coupons, Talons or 
Receipts by way of a gift by, or on the death of, a holder of such Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts who is 
resident or deemed resident of the Netherlands at the time of the gift or his/her death. 
Non-residents of the Netherlands 
No Netherlands gift or inheritance taxes will arise on the transfer of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts by way 
of gift by, or on the death of, a holder of Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts who is neither resident nor deemed 
to be resident in the Netherlands, unless: 
(i) 
in the case of a gift of a Note, Coupon, Talon or Receipt by an individual who at the date of the gift was 
neither resident nor deemed to be resident in the Netherlands, such individual dies within 180 days after the 
date of the gift, while being resident or deemed to be resident in the Netherlands; or 
(ii) the transfer is otherwise construed as a gift or inheritance made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the time 
of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be a resident in the Netherlands. 
For purposes of the above, a gift of Notes made under a condition precedent (opschortende voorwaarde) is deemed 
to be made at the time the condition precedent is satisfied. 
For purposes of Netherlands gift and inheritance taxes, amongst others, a person that holds the Netherlands 
nationality will be deemed to be resident in the Netherlands if such person has been resident in the Netherlands at 
any time during the ten years preceding the date of the gift or his/her death. Additionally, for purposes of 
Netherlands gift tax, amongst others, a person not holding the Netherlands nationality will be deemed to be resident 
in the Netherlands if such person has been resident in the Netherlands at any time during the twelve months 
preceding the date of the gift. Applicable tax treaties may override deemed residency. 
Value added tax (VAT) 
No Netherlands VAT will be payable by the holders of the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts on (i) any payment 
in consideration for the issue of the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts or (ii) the payment of interest or principal 
by the Issuer under the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts. 
Other taxes and duties 
No Netherlands registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar documentary tax or duty, other than court fees, 
will be payable by the holders of the Notes, Coupons, Talons or Receipts in respect of (i) the issue of the Notes, 
Coupons, Talons or Receipts or (ii) the payment of interest or principal by the Issuer under the Notes, Coupons, 
Talons or Receipts. 
Tax treatment in Luxembourg

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
 
The following information sets out certain material Luxembourg tax consequences of purchasing, owning and 
disposing of the Notes, Receipts, coupons or Talons. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all possible 
tax situations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or sell the Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons, 
and is furthermore limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and the taxes mentioned under the heading 'Other 
taxes' only. It is not intended to be, nor should it construed to be, legal or tax advice. Prospective purchasers of 
the Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons should consult their own tax advisers as to the applicable tax consequences 
of the ownership of the Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons, based on their particular circumstances. This 
information does not allow any conclusions to be drawn with respect to issues not specifically addressed. The 
following description of Luxembourg tax law is based upon the Luxembourg law and regulations as in effect and 
as interpreted by the Luxembourg tax authorities on the date of the Prospectus and is subject to any amendments 
in law (or in interpretation) later introduced, whether or not on a retroactive basis. 
 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy impost or other 
charge or withholding of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax 
 
All payments of interest and principal by the Issuer in the context of the holding, disposal, redemption or 
repurchase of the Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons can be made free of withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by Luxembourg or any political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein in accordance with applicable law, subject however to the 
application of the Luxembourg law of December 23, 2005 as amended introducing a final tax on certain payments 
of interest made to certain Luxembourg resident individuals (the "RELIBI Law"). 
 
Payment of interest or similar income (within the meaning of the RELIBI Law, referring to the Luxembourg laws 
of 21 June 2005 (the "EUSD Laws") implementing the EU Council Directive 2003/48/EC (the "EUSD") and 
several agreements concluded with certain dependent or associated territories, on debt instruments made or deemed 
made by a paying agent (within the meaning of the RELIBI Law) established in Luxembourg and deemed to be 
acting in the course of its profession or normal economic activity to or for the benefit of an individual Luxembourg 
resident for tax purposes who is the beneficial owner of such payment, may be subject to a withholding tax at a 
rate of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the individual beneficial owner 
acts in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding and payment of 
the tax lies with the Luxembourg paying agent. 
  
Pursuant to the RELIBI Law, Luxembourg resident individuals, acting in the course of their private wealth, can 
opt to self-declare and pay a 20 per cent. levy on interest payments made by paying agents located in an EU 
Member State or in a State of the EEA other than Luxembourg. If such an option is exercised by an individual tax 
resident Noteholder for a year, that option is irrevocable for that individual for that year and makes him/her 
responsible for applying and paying the 20 per cent. levy in respect of interest they receive on Notes. 
 
Other taxes 
 
In principle, there is no Luxembourg registration tax. However, the Notes should be subject to registration duties 
when (i) they are physically attached as an annex (annexés à un acte) to a public deed or any other document 
subject to mandatory registration in Luxembourg, such as in case of legal proceeding before Luxembourg courts 
or in the case the Notes must be produced before an official Luxembourg authority, or (ii) if they are deposited in 
the minutes of a notary (déposés au rang des minutes d'un notaire), or (iii) as long as the Notes are submitted for 
registration on a voluntary basis. In each case, registration duties at a fixed rate or an ad valorem rate, depending 
on the nature of the registered document, will become due and payable. 
 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a "foreign 
financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") 
to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer is registered with the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service as a reporting foreign financial institution for these purposes under the name "FMO 
N.V.".

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
A number of jurisdictions (including the Netherlands) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in 
which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial 
institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from 
payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such 
as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  
 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final 
regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes 
characterized as debt (or which are not otherwise characterized as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal 
tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" 
for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional Notes (as 
described under "Terms and Conditions – Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued 
Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, 
then withholding agents may treat all such Notes, including those Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
 
Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Notes. In the event that any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.  
 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
In 2013, the European Commission has published a proposal for a directive for a common financial transactions 
tax ("FTT") in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and 
Slovakia. In December 2015, Estonia withdrew from the group of states willing to introduce the FTT (the 
"Participating Member States").  
The initially proposed FTT had a very broad scope, possibly applying to dealings in the Notes (including secondary 
market transactions) in certain circumstances. Other proposals advanced by different FTT Participating Member 
States have since been discussed, none of which has however reached the necessary consensus. In light of ongoing 
negotiations between the FTT Participating Member States, the scope of any such tax and its adoption are 
uncertain. 
If the proposed directive or any similar tax was adopted and depending on the final terms and scope of the 
FTT, transactions on the Notes could be subject to higher costs, and the liquidity of the market for the 
Notes may be diminished.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 6 June 2023 (the "Programme 
Agreement") agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under 'Form of the Notes', 'Form of Final 
Terms' and 'Terms and Conditions of the Notes' above. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to 
reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment of the Programme and the 
issue of Notes under the Programme. 
General  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses 
or distributes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, and will obtain 
any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, 
sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefore.  
With regard to each Series or Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with any additional 
restrictions set out in the relevant Syndication Agreement or Dealer Accession Letter.  
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, in respect of any Notes specifies the 'Prohibition 
of Sales to EEA Retail Investors' as 'Not Applicable', each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be, in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
 
(a) 
the expression 'retail investor' means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Prospectus Regulation (as defined below); and 
 
(b) 
the expression an 'offer' includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
 
If the Final Terms or the Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, in respect of any Notes specifies 'Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors' as 'Not Applicable', in relation to each Member State, each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or the Pricing Supplement, as the case may 
be, in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of Notes to the public in 
that Member State: 
 
(i) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Non-exempt Offer") 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the 
competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and 
notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or 
final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-
exempt Offer; 
 
(ii) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
 
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (ii) to (iv) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any 
Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes and, 
the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
 
United States  
1. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act.  
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Revenue Code and 
regulations thereunder.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Series or 
Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance 
period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.  
2. 
In addition (but only in relation to Notes with an initial maturity in excess of 365 days that are treated as 
issued in bearer form for US federal income tax purposes): 
where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be: 
(a) except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or, any successor rules in 
substantially the same form as such rules for purposes of Section 4701 of the Revenue Code, as amended 
(the "D Rules"), each Dealer (a) represents that it has not offered or sold, and agrees that during the 
restricted period it will not offer or sell, Notes in bearer form to a person who is within the United States 
or its possessions or to a United States person, and (b) represents that it has not delivered and agrees 
that it will not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Notes in bearer form that are 
sold during the restricted period; 
(b) each Dealer represents that it has and agrees that throughout the restricted period it will have in effect 
procedures reasonably designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in 
selling Notes in bearer form are aware that such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except 
as permitted by the D Rules; 
(c) if it is a United States person, each Dealer represents that it is acquiring the Notes for purposes of resale 
in connection with their original issuance and if it retains Notes in bearer form for its own account, it 
will only do so in accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) or, any 
successor rules in substantially the same form as such rules for purposes of Section 4701 of the Revenue 
Code, as amended; and 
(d) with respect to each affiliate that acquires Notes from a Dealer for the purpose of offering or selling 
such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer repeats and confirms the representations and 
agreements contained in subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) on such affiliate's behalf. 
Terms used in this paragraph 2 have the meanings given to them by the Revenue Code and regulations 
thereunder, including the D Rules. 
 where TEFRA C is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be: 
Each Dealer understands that under U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or, any successor rules in 
substantially the same form as such rules for purposes of Section 4701 of the Revenue Code, as amended (the 
"C Rules"), Notes in bearer form must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions 
in connection with their original issuance. Each Dealer represents and agrees that it has not offered, sold or 
delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes in bearer form within the United 
States or its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Further, in connection with the original 
issuance of Notes in bearer form, the Dealer has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or 
indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if either the Dealer or the prospective purchaser is within the United 
States or its possessions or otherwise involve a U.S. office of the Dealer in the offer or sale of Notes in bearer 
form. Terms used in this paragraph 1(2) have the meanings given to them by the Revenue Code and 
regulations thereunder, including the C Rules. 
United Kingdom  
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, in respect of any Notes specifies the 'Prohibition 
of Sales to UK Retail Investors' as 'Not Applicable', each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be, in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
 
(a) 
the expression 'retail investor' means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation (as 
defined below); and 
 
(b) 
the expression an 'offer' includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
 
If the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, in respect of any Notes specifies 'Prohibition of 
Sales to UK Retail Investors' as 'Not Applicable', each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an 
offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
 
(i) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus 
in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is 
to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the 
transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, 
provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating such 
Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, 
as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
 
(ii) 
at any time to any person or legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation;  
 
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes 
to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "UK 
Prospectus Regulation" means the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
 
Other Regulatory Restrictions 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that:  
(a) in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary activities 
involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, 
manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue 
of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the "FSMA") by the Issuer;  
(b) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and  
(c) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.  
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will not offer or sell any Notes,

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 
1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Control Act (Act. No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to 
others for re offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and 
any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.  
The Netherlands  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive form may only 
be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through the mediation of 
either the Issuer or a member of Euronext in Amsterdam with due observance of the Dutch Savings Certificates 
Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended) and its implementing regulations. 
No such mediation is required in respect of (a) the transfer and acceptance of rights representing an interest in a 
Zero Coupon Note in global form, or (b) in respect of the initial issue of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form to 
the first holders thereof, or (c) the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form between 
individuals not acting in the conduct of a business or profession, or (d) the transfer and acceptance of such Zero 
Coupon Notes within, from or into the Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or as rights 
representing an interest in the Zero Coupon Note in global form) of any particular Series or Tranches are issued 
outside the Netherlands and are not distributed within the Netherlands in the course of their initial distribution or 
immediately thereafter. 
In the event that the Dutch Savings Certificates Act applies, certain identification requirements in relation to the 
issue and transfer of, and payments on, Zero Coupon Notes have to be complied with and, in addition thereto, if 
such Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form do not qualify as commercial paper traded between professional 
borrowers and lenders within the meaning of the agreement of 2 February 1987, attached to the Royal Decree of 
11 March 1987, (Staatsblad 129) (as amended), each transfer and acceptance should be recorded in a transaction 
note, including the name and address of each party to the transaction, the nature of the transaction and the details 
and serial numbers of such Notes. For purposes of this paragraph "Zero Coupon Notes" means notes that are in 
bearer form and that constitute a claim for a fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become 
due during their tenor or on which no interest is due whatsoever. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the 
meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a “Belgian 
Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, 
transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, 
information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any 
Belgian Consumer. 
Switzerland 
Notes issued by the Issuer may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning 
of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes issued 
by the Issuer to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any other offer or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant 
to the FinSA and, neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Singapore 
For Notes which are classified in Singapore as units (“CIS Notes”) in “collective investment schemes” (“CIS”): 
The offer or invitation of the CIS Notes, which is the subject of this Base Prospectus, does not relate to a collective 
investment scheme which is authorized under Section 286 of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") or recognized under Section 287 of 
the SFA. The CIS is not authorized or recognized by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS") and the

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
CIS Notes are not allowed to be offered to the retail public. This Base Prospectus and any other document or 
material issued in connection with the offer or sale is not a prospectus as defined in the SFA. Accordingly, statutory 
liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply. You should consider carefully 
whether the investment is suitable for you. This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
MAS. Accordingly, this Base Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, 
or invitation for subscription or purchase, of CIS Notes may not be circulated or distributed, nor may CIS Notes 
be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or 
indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor under Section 304 of the SFA, (ii) to a 
relevant person pursuant to Section 305(1), or any person pursuant to Section 305(2), and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 305 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions 
of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where CIS Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 305 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities (as defined in Section 239(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest 
(howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has 
acquired the CIS Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 305 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 305(5) of the SFA, or to any person 
arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 305A(3)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 305A(5) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 36 of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Collective Investment 
Schemes) Regulation 2005 of Singapore. 
For Notes which are classified in Singapore as “debentures”: 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Accordingly, this Base Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of Notes may not be circulated or distributed, nor may Notes be offered or 
sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons 
in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act, 
Chapter 289 of Singapore as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") pursuant to Section 274 of the 
SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1), or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivative contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 
275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA.; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivative Contracts) Regulation 2018 of Singapore. 
SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, unless 
otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons 
(as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are 'prescribed capital markets products' (as defined in 
the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any offer, sale or delivery of 
the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the 
Republic of Italy will be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other 
applicable laws and regulations. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (in each 
case as amended from time to time) and any other applicable laws and regulations;  
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, pursuant 
to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic 
of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 2015 (as 
amended from time to time); and 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations (including Article 100bis of the Italian 
Financial Services Act, where applicable) or requirement imposed by CONSOB or any other Italian 
authority.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation  
The establishment of the Programme has been duly authorized by resolutions of the Board of Management of the 
Issuer dated 11 May 1999 and of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer dated 11 May 1999. The continuation of the 
Programme has been duly authorized by resolutions of the Board of Management of the Issuer dated 20 December 
2022 and of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer dated 15 December 2022 and the update of the Programme has 
been duly authorized by a resolution of the Board of Management dated 30 May 2023. All consents, approvals, 
authorizations or other orders of all regulatory authorities required by the Issuer under the laws of the Netherlands 
have been given for the issue of Notes and for the Issuer to undertake and perform its obligations under the 
Programme Agreement, the Agency Agreement and the Notes.  
Listing  
The Issuer has currently listed Notes on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the Euro 
MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and Euronext in Amsterdam. Application may be made for the 
Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext in Amsterdam or listed on the Official List and admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation applies only to Notes that are not Exempt 
Notes. The AFM has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in 
connection with Exempt Notes. Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the approval 
of this Base Prospectus with respect to Exempt Notes as a base prospectus for the purposes of Part IV of the 
Prospectus Act 2019. Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes (including 
Exempt Notes) issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Euro 
MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (including the professional segment of the Euro MTF Market) 
during the twelve-month period after the date of approval of this Base Prospectus. The Euro MTF Market is not a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Documents Available  
For the period of twelve (12) months following the approval by the AFM of this Base Prospectus, copies of the 
following documents will, when published, be available from the registered office of the Issuer at Anna van 
Saksenlaan 71, 2593 HW The Hague, the Netherlands and from the specified office of the Agent: 
(i) 
the articles of association (statuten) of the Issuer and an English translation thereof (also available for 
inspection at the website of the Issuer at https://www.fmo.nl/about-us/articles-of-association);  
(ii) the publicly available audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the two most recent financial years 
(also available for inspection at the website of the Issuer at https://reporting.fmo.nl/);  
(iii) the publicly available non-audited interim financial statements of the Issuer for the two most recent financial 
years, as reviewed by the external auditor (also available for inspection at the website of the Issuer at 
https://reporting.fmo.nl/);  
(iv) the Agency Agreement (which contains the forms of the Temporary and Permanent Global Notes, the Notes 
in definitive form, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons);  
(v) a copy of this Base Prospectus and any further prospectus or prospectus supplement prepared by the Issuer 
for the purpose of updating or amending any information contained herein or therein (also available for 
inspection at the website of the Issuer at https://www.fmo.nl/funding-programs);  
(vi) the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market 
for which a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation was published (these will also be 
published and made available for inspection at the website of the Issuer at https://www.fmo.nl/funding-
programs);   
(vii) an English translation of the State Agreement dated 16 November 1998 between the Issuer and the State and 
the Dutch language version of the addendum thereto dated 9 October 2009; and

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
(viii) an English translation of the State Agreement dated 1 July 2023 between the Issuer and the State, intended 
to become effective at that date. 
Issuer's Website  
The Issuer's website address is http://www.fmo.nl/. Information on the Issuer's website does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and may not be relied upon in connection with any decision to invest in any Notes.  
Clearing and Settlement Systems  
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
Netherlands. The appropriate common code and ISIN for each Series or Tranche allocated by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear Netherlands and any other relevant security code, will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate 
information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Material and Significant Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer nor has there been any significant change 
in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or of the Issuer's group since 31 December 2022. 
Litigation  
There have not been any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), nor have there been any such proceedings during the 12 
months before the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects 
on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries taken as a whole.  
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
In the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array 
of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments 
and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. The 
Dealers have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. Certain 
of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure 
to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates 
would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default 
swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Conditions for Determining Price  
The price and amount of Notes will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue. The 
issue price will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
Auditors  
The financial statements of the Issuer as at for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, in each case 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, were audited by Ernst & Young Accountants LLP, 
independent auditors.  
The principal place of business of Ernst & Young Accountants LLP is Boompjes 258, 3011 XZ Rotterdam, the 
Netherlands. Ernst & Young Accountants LLP is registered at the Chamber of Commerce of Rotterdam in the 
Netherlands under number 24432944. The office address of the independent auditor of Ernst & Young Accountants 
LLP is Antonio Vivaldistraat 150, 1083 HP Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The independent auditor, who signs on 
behalf of Ernst & Young Accountants LLP, is a member of the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered 
Accountants (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants).

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
Rating 
FMO has been rated 'AAA/Stable/A-1+' by S&P. An 'AAA' rating is the highest rating assigned by S&P. The 
obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation is considered to be extremely strong.  
FMO has been rated 'AAA/Stable/F1+' by Fitch. An 'AAA' rating is highest rating assigned by Fitch. The obligor's 
capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation is considered to be exceptionally strong. 
FMO's ratings with S&P and Fitch have been obtained with the cooperation of FMO. 
Series or Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche or Series of 
Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the Issuer. A security rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency. The rating of a certain Series or Tranche of Notes to be issued under 
the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement). Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series or Tranche of 
Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed 
clearly and prominently in the Final Terms (or in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
In general, credit institutions as defined in the CRR, such as the Issuer, are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless the rating is provided by a credit rating agency operating in the 
European Union before 7 June 2010 which has submitted an application for registration in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation and such registration is not refused.  
Potential conflicts of interest 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Issuer (for the purpose of Condition 3(b)(ii)(D)), the 
Calculation Agent, Rate Determination Agent or Independent Adviser (if any) and Noteholders (including where 
the Issuer or a Dealer acts as a calculation agent, rate determination agent (or in the case of a Dealer only) 
independent adviser), including with respect to certain determinations and judgements that the Issuer (for the 
purpose of Condition 3(b)(ii)(D)), the Calculation Agent, Rate Determination Agent or Independent Adviser may 
make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term of the 
Notes and upon their redemption.  
Post-issuance information  
Except in relation to ESG Bonds, the Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation 
to any issues of Notes, other than required by any applicable laws and regulations or as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
The Issuer expects to report on the allocation of the net proceeds of ESG Bonds and the environmental and social 
impact of projects funded therewith and to arrange for external review in connection with use of net proceeds of 
any ESG Bonds in accordance with the Issuer's ESG Framework, each as further specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. The Issuer may or may not appoint a third party to verify whether the Notes comply with any Relevant 
Standards as at issuance. 
For more information in respect of ESG Bonds issued by the Issuer, please refer to the ESG Framework on the 
following webpage: https://www.fmo.nl/sustainability-bonds-framework. The contents of this webpage, the ESG 
Framework and any newsletters, reports and opinions produced as part of the post-issuance information do not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and are not incorporated by reference in it. 
Statement on Currency Linked Notes 
How the value of their Currency Linked Notes are affected by the value of the relevant exchange rates 
This subsection sets out comprehensive explanation to help investors understand how the value of their investment 
in Currency Linked Notes with a nominal value of less than EUR 100,000 is affected by the value of the underlying 
exchange rates.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
The amount of principal (Currency Linked Redemption Notes) and/or interest (Currency Linked Interest Notes) 
payable in respect of Currency Linked Notes will be calculated on any day on which a currency exchange rate is 
to be determined ("Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Date") by reference to a single currency rate of exchange 
or basket of currency rates of exchange as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Principal and/or interest (as applicable) payable on a Currency Linked Note is payable in the Base Currency 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Base Currency amount payable is calculated by determining the 
amount of principal and/or interest (as applicable) payable on the Currency Linked Notes in the Relevant Currency 
or Currencies specified in the applicable Final Terms and converting such amount into the Base Currency by 
reference to the applicable exchange rate(s) appearing on the Currency Price Source on the Currency Exchange 
Rate Valuation Date. Principal and/or interest (as applicable) payable on the Currency Linked Notes in the 
Relevant Currency or Currencies is, for these purposes, determined by reference to the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
in the Relevant Currency or Currencies specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Relevant Currency depreciates against the Base Currency, this will reduce the amount payable amounts 
received on the Currency Linked Notes in the Base Currency and the investor may receive less than their expected 
return on, or their initial investment in, the Currency Linked Notes. Consequently, a depreciation of the exchange 
rate between the Relevant Currency or Currencies and the Base Currency may also adversely affect the market 
value of the Currency Linked Notes.  
Movements in currency exchange rates may be dependent upon economic, financial and political events in one or 
more jurisdictions and exchange rates (and consequently also the returns on, and the market value of, the Currency 
Linked Notes) may be very volatile. 
Dual Currency Notes will only be issued in denominations of not less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) and investors are sought to seek investment advice as to how developments in the relevant exchange 
rates may affect the Dual Currency Notes.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
 
Registered office of the Issuer 
Nederlandse Financierings-Maatschappij voor Ontwikkelingslanden N.V. 
Anna van Saksenlaan 71 
2593 HW The Hague 
The Netherlands 
Paying Agents 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
6th Floor 
Citigroup Centre 2 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer  
Simmons & Simmons LLP 
Claude Debussylaan 247 
1082 MC Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
To the Dealers 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Apollolaan 15 
1077 AB Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Auditor to the Issuer 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP 
Antonio Vivaldistraat 150 
1083 HP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Amsterdam Listing Agent 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Luxembourg Listing Agent  
 Banque Internationale à Luxembourg 
69, route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg
 
Arranger 
 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Croeselaan 18  
3521 CB Utrecht  
The Netherlands

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
Dealers 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France  
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Croeselaan 18  
3521 CB Utrecht  
The Netherlands 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, Place des États-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Daiwa Capital Markets Deutschland GmbH 
Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 35-37 
60327 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber  
75116 Paris 
France 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7  
1102 BD Amsterdam  
The Netherlands  
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
Taunusanlage 17 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Clearing Agents 
Euroclear 
3 Boulevard de Roi Albert II 
B.1210 Brussels 
Belgium 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Euroclear Netherlands 
Herengracht 459-469 
1017 BS Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
 
L_LIVE_EMEA2:101618115v11