--- Page 1 ---
PROSPECTUS 
 
30 May 2023 
 
Nestlé Holdings, Inc. 
(incorporated in the State of Delaware with limited liability) 
and 
Nestlé Finance International Ltd. 
(incorporated in Luxembourg with limited liability) 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Notes issued by Nestlé Finance International Ltd. 
and by Nestlé Holdings, Inc. will be guaranteed by 
Nestlé S.A. 
(incorporated in Switzerland with limited liability) 
Under this Debt Issuance Programme (the “Programme”) each of Nestlé Holdings, Inc. and Nestlé Finance International Ltd. (each 
an “Issuer”, and together the “Issuers”) may from time to time, and subject to applicable laws and regulations, issue debt securities 
(the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed by the Issuer of such Notes (the “relevant Issuer”) and the relevant Dealer (as 
defined herein). Notes issued by Nestlé Holdings, Inc. and Nestlé Finance International Ltd. will be irrevocably guaranteed by 
Nestlé S.A. (the “Guarantor”) as described in “Form of the Guarantee”. This Prospectus (which constitutes two base prospectuses 
for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”): (i) a base prospectus for each Tranche 
(as defined herein) of Notes issued under the Programme by Nestlé Holdings, Inc. and (ii) a base prospectus for each Tranche of 
Notes issued under the Programme by Nestlé Finance International Ltd. (see “Important Information”)) supersedes any previous 
Prospectus issued by the Issuers and the Guarantor.  
Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) in its capacity as competent 
authority under the Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (the “Luxembourg Prospectus Act”), for 
the approval of this Prospectus as a base prospectus for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation. Application has been made to 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of this 
Prospectus to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Luxembourg Official List”) and for such Notes 
to be admitted to trading on the regulated market operated by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Luxembourg Regulated 
Market”). The Luxembourg Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments, as amended (“MiFID II”).  
The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Prospectus 
or the quality or solvency of the Issuers in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Act. Pursuant to the 
Luxembourg Prospectus Act, the CSSF is not competent to approve prospectuses for the offering to the public or for the admission 
to trading on regulated markets of money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months. 
This Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the CSSF, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either of the Issuers, the Guarantor or 
the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in the Notes.  
This Prospectus will expire as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation 12 months from 30 May 2023. The obligation to 
supplement this Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply 
following the expiry of that period. 
Factors which may affect the relevant Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil their respective obligations under Notes 
to be issued under the Programme and the Guarantee, respectively, and factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are set out in “Risk Factors” below.

--- Page 2 ---
Arranger 
Barclays 
Dealers 
Barclays 
Citigroup  
HSBC 
TD Securities 
BNP PARIBAS 
Deutsche Bank
RBC Capital Markets
UBS Investment Bank

--- Page 3 ---
3 
ABOUT THIS DOCUMENT 
What is this document? 
This document (the “Prospectus”) relates to the Debt Issuance Programme (the “Programme”) of Nestlé 
Holdings, Inc. and Nestlé Finance International Ltd. (each an “Issuer”, and together the “Issuers”) under which 
each Issuer may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed by the Issuer 
of such Notes (the “relevant Issuer”) and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). Payment obligations under 
Notes issued by Nestlé Holdings, Inc. and by Nestlé Finance International Ltd. will be guaranteed by Nestlé 
S.A. (the “Guarantor”) as described in the “Form of the Guarantee” section of this Prospectus. This Prospectus 
contains information describing the business activities of each Issuer and the Guarantor as well as certain 
financial information and material risks faced by them. It is intended to provide the necessary information which 
is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of (i) the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, 
financial position, and prospects of each Issuer and the Guarantor, (ii) the rights attaching to the Notes, and (iii) 
the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the relevant Issuer. 
This Prospectus is valid for one year from the date hereof and may be supplemented from time to time to reflect 
any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in it. 
What types of Notes does this Prospectus relate to? 
This Prospectus relates to the issuance of three different types of Notes: Fixed Rate Notes, on which the Issuer 
will pay interest at a fixed rate; Floating Rate Notes, on which the Issuer will pay interest at a floating rate; and 
Zero Coupon Notes, which do not bear interest. Notes may also be issued as a combination of these options. 
Where are the contractual terms of any particular Notes located? 
The contractual terms of any particular issuance of Notes will be comprised of the terms and conditions set out 
in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” at pages 79 to 116 of this Prospectus (the “Conditions”), as completed 
by a separate Final Terms document, which is specific to that issuance of Notes (the “Final Terms”). 
The Conditions are comprised of numbered provisions (1 – 18) including generic provisions that are applicable 
to Notes generally and certain optional provisions that will only apply to certain issuances of Notes. 
The following provisions within the Conditions (together with the introductory wording appearing before 
Condition 1 on pages 79 to 80) apply to Notes generally: 
 
Condition 1 (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer) 
 
Condition 2 (Status of the Notes and Guarantee) 
 
Condition 3 (Negative Pledge) 
 
Condition 7 (Taxation) 
 
Condition 8 (Prescription) 
 
Condition 9 (Events of Default) 
 
Condition 10 (Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons) 
 
Condition 11 (Agent and Paying Agents, Registrar and Transfer Agent) 
 
Condition 12 (Exchange of Talons)

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
Condition 13 (Substitution) 
 
Condition 14 (Notices) 
 
Condition 15 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver) 
 
Condition 16 (Further Issues) 
 
Condition 17 (Third Party Rights) 
 
Condition 18 (Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction) 
The following Conditions contain certain optional provisions that will only apply to certain issuances of Notes: 
 
Condition 4 (Interest) 
 
Condition 5 (Payments) 
 
Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
The applicable Final Terms will specify which optional provisions apply to any particular issuance of Notes. 
What other documents should I read? 
This Prospectus contains the necessary information which is material to an investor for making an informed 
assessment of (i) the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position, and prospects of each Issuer 
and the Guarantor, (ii) the rights attaching to the Notes, and (iii) the reasons for the issuance and its impact on 
the relevant Issuer. Some of this information (such as the latest publicly available financial information relating 
to each Issuer and the Guarantor) is incorporated by reference into the Prospectus and some of this information 
is completed in the Final Terms.  
Before making any investment decision in respect of any Notes, you should read this Prospectus, together 
with the documents incorporated by reference, as well as the Final Terms relating to such Notes. 
Copies of the Prospectus and the Final Terms relating to any Notes will be made available for viewing on the 
Nestlé Group investor relations website at www.nestle.com/investors and are also expected to be published on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com. 
What information is included in the Final Terms? 
While this Prospectus includes general information about all Notes, the Final Terms is the document that sets 
out the specific details of each particular issuance of Notes. 
The Final Terms will contain the relevant economic terms applicable to any particular issuance of Notes. The 
Final Terms will contain, for example: 
 
the issue date; 
 
the currency; 
 
the interest basis (i.e. fixed rate, floating rate or zero coupon) and the interest rate (if any); 
 
the interest payment dates (if any); 
 
the scheduled maturity date and redemption amount; and

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
any other information needed to complete the Conditions (identified in the Conditions by the words “as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms” or other equivalent wording). 
Wherever the Conditions provide optional provisions, the Final Terms will specify which of those provisions 
apply to a specific issuance of Notes. 
Is any part of this Prospectus relevant to particular types of Note only? 
This Prospectus includes information that is relevant to all types of Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme, however, certain sections of this Prospectus are relevant to particular types of Notes only. 
As described above, certain of the Conditions provide optional provisions that will only apply to certain 
issuances of Notes. The Final Terms will specify which optional provisions within the Conditions will apply to 
a specific issuance of Notes. 
What if I have further queries relating to this Prospectus and the Notes? 
Please refer to “How do I use this Prospectus?” below starting on page 10. If you have any questions regarding 
the content of this Prospectus, any Final Terms and/or any Notes or the actions you should take, it is 
recommended that you seek professional advice from your broker, solicitor, accountant or other independent 
financial adviser before deciding whether or not to invest.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
Unless otherwise specified, all references in this Prospectus to the “Prospectus Regulation” refer to Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. 
This Prospectus (together with any supplements to this Prospectus published from time to time), together with 
all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference” on page 61) (a “Base Prospectus” which, as indicated below, shall be either a Retail Base Prospectus 
or a Wholesale Base Prospectus), constitute two base prospectuses for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation: (i) a base prospectus for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme by Nestlé 
Holdings, Inc. and (ii) a base prospectus for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme by Nestlé 
Finance International Ltd. 
The information on any websites included in this Prospectus do not form part of this Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into the Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus in respect of Nestlé Holdings, Inc. for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme 
which have a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) (the “Nestlé 
Holdings, Inc. Retail Base Prospectus”) includes all information contained within this Prospectus together with 
all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference, except for: (i) any information relating 
to Nestlé Finance International Ltd., Nestlé Finance International Ltd.’s Annual Financial Reports for the years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 referred to in paragraphs (v) and (vi) of “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference”, the Description of Nestlé Finance International Ltd. and the Selected Financial Information with 
respect to Nestlé Finance International Ltd. on pages 159 to 162; (ii) Nestlé Finance International Ltd.’s 
statements with respect to litigation and the statements of no significant change and no material adverse change; 
(iii) the “Overview of the Programme” section of the Prospectus on pages 47 to 52; and (iv) the Form of Final 
Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme which have a minimum 
denomination of at least €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) on pages 142 to 153. 
The Base Prospectus in respect of Nestlé Finance International Ltd. for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme which have a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
(the “Nestlé Finance International Ltd. Retail Base Prospectus” and, together with the Nestlé Holdings, Inc. 
Retail Base Prospectus, each a “Retail Base Prospectus”) includes all information contained within this 
Prospectus together with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference, except for: 
(i) any information relating to Nestlé Holdings, Inc. or Nestlé Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries, the Annual 
Financial Report of Nestlé Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 
referred to in paragraph (iv) of “Documents Incorporated by Reference”, the Description of Nestlé Holdings, 
Inc. and its subsidiaries and the Selected Financial Information with respect to Nestlé Holdings, Inc. and its 
subsidiaries on pages 154 to 158; (ii) Nestlé Holdings, Inc.’s statements with respect to litigation and the 
statements of no significant change and no material adverse change; (iii) the “Overview of the Programme” 
section of the Prospectus on pages 47 to 52; and (iv) the Form of Final Terms which will be completed for each 
Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme which have a minimum denomination of at least €100,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency) on pages 142 to 153. 
The Base Prospectus in respect of Nestlé Holdings, Inc. for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme 
which have a minimum denomination of at least €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) (the “Nestlé 
Holdings, Inc. Wholesale Base Prospectus”) includes all information contained within this Prospectus together 
with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference, except for: (i) any information 
relating to Nestlé Finance International Ltd., Nestlé Finance International Ltd.’s Annual Financial Reports for 
the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 referred to in paragraphs (v) and (vi) of “Documents Incorporated 
by Reference”, the Description of Nestlé Finance International Ltd. and the Selected Financial Information with

--- Page 7 ---
7 
respect to Nestlé Finance International Ltd. on pages 159 to 162; (ii) the “About this Document” section on 
pages 3 to 5; (iii) the “How do I use this Prospectus?” section on pages 10 to 11; (iv) the section “Important 
Information relating to Public Offers of Notes” on pages 53 to 55; (v) Nestlé Finance International Ltd.’s 
statements with respect to litigation and the statements of no significant change and no material adverse change; 
(vi) the section “How the Return on your Investment is Calculated” on pages 56 to 60; and (vii) the Form of 
Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme which have a 
minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) on pages 129 to 141. 
The Base Prospectus in respect of Nestlé Finance International Ltd. for a Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme which have a minimum denomination of at least €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
(the “Nestlé Finance International Ltd. Wholesale Base Prospectus” and, together with the Nestlé Holdings, 
Inc. Wholesale Base Prospectus, each a “Wholesale Base Prospectus”) includes all information contained 
within this Prospectus together with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference, 
except for: (i) any information relating to Nestlé Holdings, Inc. or Nestlé Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries, the 
Annual Financial Report of Nestlé Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries for the years ended 31 December 2022 
and 2021 referred to in paragraph (iv) of “Documents Incorporated by Reference”, the Description of Nestlé 
Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries and the Selected Financial Information with respect to Nestlé Holdings, Inc. 
and its subsidiaries on pages 154 to 158; (ii) the “About this Document” section on pages 3 to 5; (iii) the “How 
do I use this Prospectus?” section on pages 10 to 11; (iv) the section “Important Information relating to Public 
Offers of Notes” on pages 53 to 55; (v) Nestlé Holdings, Inc.’s statements with respect to litigation and the 
statements of no significant change and no material adverse change; (vi) the section “How the Return on your 
Investment is Calculated” on pages 56 to 60; and (vii) the Form of Final Terms which will be completed for 
each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme which have a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency) on pages 129 to 141. 
Each Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in its Base Prospectus as described above and 
the Final Terms for each tranche of Notes issued by it under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge and 
belief of each Issuer, the information contained in its Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes 
no omission likely to affect its import. 
Nestlé S.A. accepts responsibility only for the information contained in this Prospectus together with all 
documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference, and any Final Terms, insofar as such 
information relates to itself and the Guarantee described in “Form of the Guarantee”. To the best of the 
knowledge and belief of Nestlé S.A., the information about itself and the Guarantee contained in this Prospectus 
and in the documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference is in accordance with the facts 
and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Issues of Notes under the Programme will benefit from a guarantee given by the Guarantor. The Guarantor’s 
(and each Issuer’s) senior long term debt obligations have been rated:  
 
AA- by S&P Global Ratings, acting through S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“Standard & Poor’s”). 
An obligation rated 'AA' differs from the highest-rated obligations only to a small degree. The obligor's 
capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is very strong. The minus (-) sign shows 
relative 
standing 
within 
the 
rating 
categories 
(Source: 
Standard 
& 
Poor’s, 
https://disclosure.spglobal.com/ratings/en/regulatory/article/-/view/sourceId/504352); and 
 
Aa3 by Moody’s Italia S.r.l. (“Moody’s”). Obligations rated Aa are judged to be of high quality and are 
subject to very low credit risk. The modifier ‘3’ indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating 
category (Source: Moody's, https://www.moodys.com/Pages/amr002002.aspx).

--- Page 8 ---
8 
Each of Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”).  
Notes to be issued under this Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, such rating 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Whether 
or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation unless the rating is provided by a credit rating agency operating in the 
European Union before 7 June 2010 which has submitted an application for registration in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation and such registration has not been refused. The list of registered and certified rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as 
there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings 
referred to in this Prospectus and/or the Final Terms will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes and the issue 
price of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which, with respect to Notes to be 
listed on the Luxembourg Official List and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Regulated Market will 
be delivered to the CSSF and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, in each case on or before the date of issue of 
the Notes of such Tranche. 
As used herein, “Series” means each original issue of Notes together with any further issues expressed to form 
a single series with the original issue and the terms of which (save for the Issue Date, and/or the amount, and/or 
the date of the first payment of interest thereon, and/or the date from which interest starts to accrue and/or the 
Issue Price, as applicable (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms)) are identical (including Maturity Date, 
Interest Basis, Redemption/Payment Basis and Interest Payment Dates (if any) and whether or not the Notes 
are admitted to trading). As used herein, “Tranche” means all Notes of the same Series with the same Issue Date 
and Interest Commencement Date (if applicable). 
Nestlé Holdings, Inc., subject to applicable laws and regulations, may agree to issue Notes in registered form 
(“Registered Notes”), substantially in the form scheduled to the Note Agency Agreement (as defined under 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes”). With respect to each Tranche of Registered Notes, Nestlé Holdings, Inc. 
has appointed a registrar and a transfer agent and paying agent and may appoint other or additional transfer 
agents and paying agents either generally or in respect of a particular Series of Registered Notes. 
Copies of Final Terms will be available for viewing on the Nestlé Group investor relations website at 
www.nestle.com/investors. Copies are also expected to be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
No Dealer (as defined herein) has separately verified all the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by any 
Dealer as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus or any other information provided by any of the Issuers or the Guarantor. No Dealer accepts any 
liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any other 
information provided by any of the Issuers or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme or the issue of 
Notes.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
No person has been authorised by any of the Issuers or the Guarantor to give any information or to make any 
representation which is not contained in or incorporated by reference in or which is not consistent with this 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by any of the Issuers, the 
Guarantor or any Dealer. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
should be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any Dealer that any recipient 
of this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the relevant 
Issuer and the Guarantor. Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of any of the Issuers, the 
Guarantor or any Dealer to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
The delivery of this Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained herein concerning 
any of the Issuers or the Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes is correct as of any time subsequent to 
the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the 
financial condition or affairs of any of the Issuers or the Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise 
any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
HOW DO I USE THIS PROSPECTUS? 
You should read and understand fully the contents of this Prospectus, including any documents incorporated by 
reference, and the relevant Final Terms before making any investment decision in respect of any Notes. This 
Prospectus contains important information about the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Nestlé Group, the terms of the 
Notes and the terms of the Guarantee, as well as describing certain risks relating to the Issuers, the Guarantor, 
the Nestlé Group and their businesses and also other risks relating to an investment in the Notes generally. The 
Guarantor is the ultimate holding company of the Nestlé group of companies (described in this Prospectus as 
the “Nestlé Group” or “Group”). An overview of the various sections comprising this Prospectus is set out 
below. 
The “Important Information Relating to Public Offers of Notes” section contains important information 
regarding the basis on which this Prospectus may be used for the purpose of making public offers of Notes. 
The “Risk Factors” section describes the principal risks and uncertainties which may affect the ability of the 
Issuers and/or the Guarantor to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes and/or the Guarantee. 
The “Information About the Programme” section provides an overview of the Programme in order to assist the 
reader. 
The “How the Return on Your Investment is Calculated” section sets out worked examples of how the interest 
amounts are calculated under a variety of scenarios and how the redemption provisions will affect the Notes. 
The “Documents Incorporated by Reference” section sets out the information that is deemed to be incorporated 
by reference into this Prospectus. This Prospectus should be read together with all information which is deemed 
to be incorporated into this Prospectus by reference. 
The “Form of the Notes” section provides a summary of certain terms of the global Notes which apply to the 
Notes (including Notes issued in registered form by Nestlé Holdings, Inc.) while they are held in global form 
by the clearing systems. 
The “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” section sets out the terms and conditions which apply to any Notes 
that may be issued under the Programme. The relevant Final Terms relating to any offer of Notes will complete 
the terms and conditions of those Notes and should be read in conjunction with the “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes” section. 
The “PRC Currency Controls” section provides a general description of certain applicable currency controls in 
the People’s Republic of China relating to Notes denominated in Renminbi. 
The “Use of Proceeds” section describes the manner in which each Issuer intends to use the proceeds from 
issues of Notes under the Programme. 
The “Form of the Guarantee” section sets out a summary of certain terms of the form of the Guarantee as well 
as the form of the Guarantee (subject to completion) to be executed and delivered by the Guarantor in respect 
of all Notes issued by Nestlé Holdings, Inc. and by Nestlé Finance International Ltd. 
The “Form of Final Terms” section sets out the template for the Final Terms that the relevant Issuer will prepare 
and publish when offering any Notes under the Programme. Any such completed Final Terms will detail the 
relevant information applicable to each respective offer, amended to be relevant only to the specific Notes being 
offered. 
The “Nestlé Holdings, Inc.” section provides certain information about Nestlé Holdings, Inc., as well as the 
nature of its business and summary financial information relating to Nestlé Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
The “Nestlé Finance International Ltd.” section provides certain information about Nestlé Finance International 
Ltd., as well as the nature of its business and summary financial information relating to Nestlé Finance 
International Ltd. 
The “Nestlé S.A.” section provides certain information about the Guarantor and its group structure, as well as 
the nature of its business and summary financial information relating to the Guarantor. 
The “Taxation” section provides a brief outline of certain taxation implications regarding Notes that may be 
issued under the Programme, as well as certain other taxation considerations which may be relevant to the 
Notes. 
The “Subscription and Sale” section contains a description of the material provisions of the Programme 
Agreement, which includes certain selling restrictions applicable to making offers of the Notes under the 
Programme. 
The “General Information” section sets out further information on each Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
Programme which each Issuer and the Guarantor is required to include under applicable rules. This includes the 
availability for inspection of certain documents relating to the Programme, confirmations from each Issuer and 
the Guarantor and details regarding the listing of the Notes. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS PROSPECTUS AND  
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPs Regulation / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of any Notes includes a legend entitled “PRIIPs Regulation / Prospectus Regulation / Prohibition of Sales to

--- Page 12 ---
12 
EEA Retail Investors”, such Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes a “retail 
investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPs Regulation / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the relevant 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that 
the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION – Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes to be issued under the 
Programme may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), which as at the 
date of this Prospectus is provided by European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. Any 
such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation.  
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. 
Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and 
observe, any such restrictions. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus and the 
offer or sale of Notes in the United States, Australia, New Zealand, the People’s Republic of China (“PRC” 
(which for the purposes of this Prospectus, excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the 
People’s Republic of China (“Hong Kong”), the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic

--- Page 13 ---
13 
of China (“Macau”) and Taiwan)), Hong Kong, Japan, Singapore, Switzerland, the European Economic Area 
(including Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands) and the United Kingdom (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor or the Dealers represent that this Prospectus or any of the offering material 
relating to the Programme or any Notes issued thereunder may be lawfully distributed, or that any of the Notes 
may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any 
such distribution or offering. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither 
this Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material relating to the Programme or any Notes issued 
thereunder may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the “Securities Act”), and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons (see “Subscription and Sale”). Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to 
United States persons (as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) 
and the U.S. Treasury Regulations thereunder). Notes with a maturity of more than 183 days (taking into 
consideration unilateral rights to roll or extend) may not be issued in bearer form by Nestlé Holdings, 
Inc. 
The Consolidated Financial Statements of Nestlé Holdings, Inc. do not comply with U.S. accounting standards 
and are not meant for distribution in the U.S. or to be used for investment purposes by U.S. investors. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine 
the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should 
consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the

--- Page 14 ---
14 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
All references in this document to “European Economic Area” and “EEA” refer to the European Economic 
Area consisting of the Member States of the European Union and Iceland, Norway and Liechtenstein, those to 
“U.S. dollars”, “USD”, “U.S.$” and “$” refer to United States dollars, those to “Sterling” and “£” refer to 
pounds sterling, those to “SFr” or “CHF” refer to Swiss francs, those to “A$” refer to Australian Dollars, those 
to “NZ$” refer to New Zealand Dollars, those to “Renminbi”, “RMB” and “CNY” refer to the lawful currency 
of the PRC and those to “euro”, “EUR” or “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 of 
3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, any Dealer or Dealers acting as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or 
after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons 
acting on behalf of a Stabilisation Manager) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, “forward-looking statements”. These 
forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms 
“believes”, “estimates”, “plans”, “projects”, “anticipates”, “expects”, “intends”, “may”, “will” or “should” or, 
in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans, 
objectives, goals, future events or intentions. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not 
historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this Prospectus and include, but are not limited 
to, statements regarding the intentions of the Issuers and/or the Guarantor, beliefs or current expectations 
concerning, among other things, the business, results of operations, financial position and/or prospects of the 
Issuers and/or the Guarantor. 
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events 
and circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the financial 
position and results of operations of the Group, and the development of the markets and the industries in which 
members of the Group operate, may differ materially from those described in, or suggested by, the forward-
looking statements contained in this Prospectus. In addition, even if the Group’s results of operations and 
financial position, and the development of the markets and the industries in which the Group operates, are 
consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Prospectus, those results or developments may 
not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. A number of risks, uncertainties and other 
factors could cause results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the 
forward-looking statements. See “Risk Factors” below.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROGRAMME ..............................................................................................16 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................24 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................................47 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO PUBLIC OFFERS OF NOTES ...........................................53 
HOW THE RETURN ON YOUR INVESTMENT IS CALCULATED ...........................................................56 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................61 
FORM OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................................................73 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................79 
PRC CURRENCY CONTROLS ..................................................................................................................... 117 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................125 
FORM OF THE GUARANTEE .....................................................................................................................126 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................................129 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................................142 
NESTLÉ HOLDINGS, INC. ...........................................................................................................................154 
NESTLÉ FINANCE INTERNATIONAL LTD. ..............................................................................................159 
NESTLÉ S.A. ..................................................................................................................................................163 
TAXATION .....................................................................................................................................................174 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................186 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................196

--- Page 16 ---
16 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROGRAMME 
This section constitutes the general description of the offering programme for the purposes of Article 25(1)(b) 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980.  
 
 
Refer to 
What is the Programme? 
The Programme is a debt issuance programme under 
which each of Nestlé Holdings, Inc. and Nestlé Finance 
International Ltd. (each an “Issuer” and together the 
“Issuers”) may, from time to time, issue debt instruments 
which are referred to in this Prospectus as Notes. Notes 
are also commonly referred to as bonds. 
Terms and 
Conditions of the 
Notes beginning on 
page 79 
 
The Programme is constituted by a set of master 
documents containing standard terms and conditions and 
other contractual provisions that can be used by each of 
the Issuers to undertake any number of issues of Notes 
from time to time in the future. 
 
 
The standard terms and conditions that can be used by 
each Issuer to undertake each issue of Notes are 
contained in a set of provisions referred to as the Terms 
and Conditions, as set out in this Prospectus in “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes”. 
 
How are Notes issued 
under the Programme? 
Whenever the relevant Issuer decides to issue Notes, it 
undertakes what is commonly referred to as a 
“drawdown”. On a drawdown, documents which are 
supplementary to the Programme master documents are 
produced, indicating which provisions in the master 
documents are relevant to that particular drawdown and 
setting out the terms of the Notes to be issued under the 
drawdown. The key supplementary documents of which 
you will need to be aware when deciding whether to 
invest in Notes issued as part of a drawdown over the 
12-month period from the date of this Prospectus are: (a) 
any supplement to this Prospectus published by the 
relevant Issuer or both Issuers after the date of this 
Prospectus and (b) the applicable final terms document 
(referred to as the Final Terms) for such Notes. 
Terms and 
Conditions of the 
Notes beginning on 
page 79 and the Form 
of Final Terms 
beginning on page 
129 
 
In the event of any significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Prospectus which may affect the 
assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion or removal 
from this Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of 
allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of 
the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and 
losses and prospects of the relevant Issuer and the Nestlé 
Group, and the rights attaching to the Notes, the relevant 
Issuer or both Issuers will prepare and publish a

--- Page 17 ---
17 
supplement to this Prospectus or prepare and publish a 
new base prospectus, in each case, for use in connection 
with such Notes and any subsequent issue of Notes. 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes cater for all the 
permutations of provisions that the Issuers envisage 
being likely to be applicable to issues of Notes under the 
Programme, with the Final Terms for each issue setting 
out the specific commercial terms applicable to the issue 
of Notes and the extent to which the provisions in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes are applicable. Final 
Terms are intended to be read alongside the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, and the two together provide 
the specific terms of the Notes relevant to a specific 
drawdown. 
 
What types of Notes may 
be 
issued 
under 
the 
Programme? 
Three types of Notes may be issued under the 
Programme: Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes and 
Zero Coupon Notes, or any combination of these. 
Fixed Rate Notes are Notes where the interest rate 
payable by the Issuer on the Notes is determined prior to 
issue, and remains fixed throughout the life of the Notes. 
See the “How the Return on Your Investment is 
Calculated” section for a worked example showing how 
the return on an issue of Fixed Rate Notes is calculated. 
Terms and 
Conditions of the 
Notes beginning on 
page 79 and the Form 
of Final Terms 
beginning on page 
129 
 
Floating Rate Notes are Notes where the interest rate is 
calculated by reference to a fluctuating benchmark rate. 
Under the Programme, that benchmark rate will be either 
an ISDA defined rate or the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”). The floating interest rate is recalculated 
on or around the start of each new interest period and 
applies for the length of that interest period. Therefore, 
Floating Rate Notes in effect have a succession of fixed 
interest rates. Although the floating interest rate will be 
based on the benchmark rate, it will typically also 
include a fixed percentage margin which is added to the 
benchmark rate. See the “How the Return on Your 
Investment is Calculated” section for a worked example 
showing how the return on an issue of Floating Rate 
Notes is calculated. 
 
 
Zero Coupon Notes are Notes which do not carry any 
interest but which are generally issued at a deep discount 
to their principal or final redemption amount. Zero 
Coupon Notes are repaid at their full amount or the 
relevant premium, as the case may be. Therefore, if you 
purchase Zero Coupon Notes on their issue date and hold 
them to maturity, your return will be the difference 
between the issue price and the principal or final 
redemption amount of the Zero Coupon Notes paid on

--- Page 18 ---
18 
maturity. Alternatively, you might realise a return on 
Zero Coupon Notes through a sale prior to their maturity. 
The specific details of each Note issued will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
How will the price of the 
Notes be determined? 
Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a 
discount or premium to their principal amount. The price 
and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme 
will be determined by the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers at the time of “pricing” of the 
Notes in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
The issue price for each Tranche will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Final Terms 
beginning on page 
129 
What is the yield on 
Fixed Rate Notes? 
The yield in respect of each issue of Fixed Rate Notes 
will be calculated on the basis of the issue price and 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Yield is not an 
indication of future price. The Final Terms in respect of 
any Floating Rate Notes will not include any indication 
of yield. 
Form of Final Terms 
beginning on page 
129 
Will the Notes issued 
under the Programme 
have a credit rating? 
Notes of the type issued under the Programme are senior 
long term debt obligations of the Issuers with the benefit 
of a guarantee from the Guarantor and have been rated 
AA- by S&P Global Ratings, acting through S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited (“Standard & Poor’s”) and Aa3 
by Moody’s Italia S.r.l. (“Moody’s”). Notes issued under 
the Programme may or may not be specifically rated 
which will be specified in the Final Terms. Any such 
ratings will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
assigned to the relevant Issuer, Guarantor or to any other 
issues of Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. In general, European regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on 
credit rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”). 
Form of Final Terms 
beginning on page 
129 
Will I be able to trade the 
Notes issued under the 
Programme? 
Application has been made to admit Notes issued during 
the period of 12 months from the date of this Prospectus 
to the Luxembourg Official List and to admit them to 
trading on the Luxembourg Regulated Market. 
General Information 
– paragraph 2 on 
page 196 
 
Once listed, the Notes may be purchased or sold through 
a broker. The market price of the Notes may be higher 
or lower than their issue price depending on, among

--- Page 19 ---
19 
other things, the level of supply and demand for the 
Notes, movements in interest rates and the financial 
performance of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and 
the Nestlé Group. (See “Risk Factors - Risks related to 
the market generally - An active secondary market in 
respect of the Notes may never be established or may be 
illiquid and this would adversely affect the value at 
which an investor could sell their Notes”). 
Who 
is 
issuing 
the 
Notes? 
The Notes may be issued by Nestlé Holdings, Inc. or 
Nestlé Finance International Ltd. 
Form of Final Terms 
beginning on page 
129 
Who is guaranteeing the 
Notes? 
Nestlé S.A. (referred to in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes as the Guarantor) will guarantee the due 
payment of sums expressed to be payable by Nestlé 
Holdings, Inc. and by Nestlé Finance International Ltd. 
under all Notes issued by Nestlé Holdings, Inc. and by 
Nestlé Finance International Ltd. respectively. The 
terms of the Guarantee will limit the total amount 
payable by the Guarantor to the payment of the principal 
amount of each Note and three years’ interest in respect 
of each Note. 
Form of Final Terms 
beginning on page 
129 
What is the relationship 
between the Issuers and 
the Nestlé Group? 
The Issuers are both (indirectly in the case of Nestlé 
Holdings, Inc.) wholly owned subsidiaries of the 
Guarantor, and the Guarantor is the ultimate holding 
company of the Nestlé Group. 
Nestlé Holdings, Inc., 
Nestlé Finance 
International Ltd. and 
Nestlé S.A. 
beginning on pages 
154, 159 and 163, 
respectively 
What will Noteholders 
receive in a winding-up 
of an Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor? 
If an Issuer or the Guarantor becomes insolvent and is 
unable to pay its debts, an administrator or liquidator or 
trustee in any relevant insolvency proceeding would be 
expected to make distributions to creditors of the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor in accordance with a 
statutory order of priority. An investor’s claim as a 
Noteholder would be expected to rank after the claims 
of any holders of the relevant Issuer’s or Guarantor’s 
secured debt or other creditors that are given preferential 
treatment by applicable laws of mandatory application 
relating to creditors, but ahead of any shareholder of the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable. A 
simplified diagram illustrating the expected ranking of 
the Notes compared to other creditors of the relevant 
Issuer and the Guarantor, as the case may be, is set out 
below: 
N/A 
 
 
Type of obligation 
Examples 
of 
obligations/securities 
 
Higher 
ranking 
Proceeds realised from 
the enforcement of a 
Currently none

--- Page 20 ---
20 
fixed charge or charge 
(i.e. a charge secured on 
particular property or 
assets of a borrower) 
 
Expenses 
of 
the 
liquidation/ 
administration 
or 
bankruptcy proceeding 
Currently none 
 
Preferential creditors 
Including remuneration due 
to employees of the relevant 
Issuer and the Guarantor 
 
Proceeds realised from 
the enforcement of a 
floating charge (i.e. a 
charge taken over all the 
assets or a class of assets 
of a borrower from time 
to time) 
Currently none 
 
Unsecured obligations, 
including guarantees in 
respect of them 
Notes issued under the 
Programme 
and 
the 
Guarantee 
of 
the 
Guarantor. 
Also includes various other 
unsecured 
obligations 
(including 
guarantee 
obligations 
of 
the 
Guarantor), such as various 
Notes issued under the 
Programme, whether or not 
guaranteed 
by 
the 
Guarantor 
that 
remain 
outstanding, notes issued 
under commercial paper 
programmes 
which 
are 
guaranteed 
by 
the 
Guarantor 
that 
remain 
outstanding, 
guarantees 
issued by the Guarantor 
with 
respect 
to 
other 
subsidiaries and the Nestlé 
Group’s various banking 
facility agreements. 
 
Shareholders 
Ordinary shareholders 
 
However, as well as being aware of the ranking of the 
Notes issued under the Programme compared to the 
other categories of creditor and the shareholders of 
the Guarantor, which is a publicly traded company 
whose shares are listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, 
investors should note that the Guarantor is the 
ultimate holding company of the Nestlé Group, 
Nestlé Holdings, Inc. is primarily a holding company 
for a number of direct and indirect subsidiaries (see 
“Nestlé Holdings, Inc.” for details of Nestlé Holdings, 
Inc.’s principal subsidiaries) and Nestlé Finance

--- Page 21 ---
21 
International Ltd. is a finance company with the 
principal business activity of financing members of 
the Nestlé Group and has no subsidiaries. Nestlé 
Holdings, Inc. and Nestlé Finance International Ltd. 
are both wholly owned subsidiaries of the Guarantor. 
As a shareholder of a subsidiary, the Guarantor or Nestlé 
Holdings, Inc. will have a right to participate as a 
shareholder in a distribution of any such subsidiary’s 
assets in the event of any liquidation, reorganisation 
(other than a solvent internal group reorganisation), 
bankruptcy or insolvency of any such subsidiary. 
However, the Guarantor’s or Nestlé Holdings, Inc.’s 
right to participate is generally subject to any claims 
made against that subsidiary, including creditors such as 
any lending bank and trade creditors. The obligations of 
the Guarantor under its Guarantee in respect of Notes 
guaranteed by it, or the obligations of Nestlé Holdings, 
Inc. under Notes issued by Nestlé Holdings, Inc., are 
therefore structurally subordinated to any liabilities of 
the Guarantor’s subsidiaries or Nestlé Holdings, Inc.’s 
subsidiaries, respectively. Structural subordination in 
this context means that, in the event of a winding up or 
insolvency of a subsidiary of the Guarantor or of a 
subsidiary of Nestlé Holdings, Inc., any creditors of that 
subsidiary would have preferential claims to the assets 
of that subsidiary ahead of any creditors of the Guarantor 
or of Nestlé Holdings, Inc., respectively (i.e. including 
Noteholders). 
A simplified diagram illustrating the structural 
subordination of the Guarantor’s obligations under its 
Guarantee in respect of any Notes that are guaranteed by 
it, or of Nestlé Holdings, Inc.’s obligations under the 
Notes issued by it, to any liabilities of the subsidiaries of 
the Guarantor or of Nestlé Holdings, Inc., respectively, 
is set out below:

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
Type of obligation of 
the subsidiary 
Examples of obligations 
 
Higher 
ranking 
Proceeds 
of 
fixed 
charge or charge of 
assets 
 
 
Expenses 
of 
the 
liquidation/ 
administration 
or 
bankruptcy proceeding 
 
 
Preferential creditors 
Including remuneration of 
the subsidiary’s employees 
 
Proceeds of 
floating 
charge assets 
 
 
Unsecured obligations, 
including guarantees in 
respect of them 
For example, trade creditors 
and 
unsecured 
debt 
obligations as borrower or 
guarantor 
 
Shareholders 
The Guarantor (i.e. the 
Guarantor 
under 
its 
Guarantee in respect of any 
Notes that are guaranteed 
by it)/Nestlé Holdings, Inc. 
(i.e. if the Notes are issued 
by Nestlé Holdings, Inc.) 
Are the Notes secured? 
No, as of the date the Notes are issued, the obligations 
of the relevant Issuer to pay interest and principal on the 
Notes, and the payment obligations of the Guarantor 
under a guarantee in respect of the Notes, will not be 
secured by any of the relevant Issuer’s, the Guarantor’s 
or any other member of the Nestlé Group’s assets or 
otherwise. 
N/A 
Do the Notes have voting 
rights? 
Noteholders have certain rights to vote at meetings of 
the Noteholders but are not entitled to vote at any 
meeting of shareholders of the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any other member of the Nestlé Group. 
Terms and 
Conditions of the 
Notes (Condition 15 
– Meetings of 
Noteholders, 
Modification and 
Waiver) beginning on 
page 114 
Do the Notes contain any 
covenants? 
Yes. The Notes contain a negative pledge covenant with 
respect to each Issuer and the Guarantor. In general 
terms, a negative pledge provision restricts an issuer of 
unsecured bonds from granting security over assets for 
other comparable bond financings. Its purpose is to 
provide price protection for the bonds containing the 
negative pledge: if an issuer issued similar bonds that 
had the benefit of security, investors might be more 
likely to purchase the secured bonds, which may 
adversely affect the price of the unsecured bonds. 
Terms and 
Conditions of the 
Notes (Condition 3 – 
Negative Pledge) 
beginning on page 82

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
Under the negative pledge provision in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, therefore, neither the Guarantor 
nor any Issuer may create, assume or permit to subsist 
any security upon the whole or any part of their 
undertaking, assets or revenues to secure any bond type 
debt without securing the Notes and the obligations of 
the Guarantor under its Guarantee in respect of the Notes 
equally, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
What will the proceeds 
be used for? 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be 
applied by the relevant Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes. 
Use of Proceeds on 
page 125 
What if I have further 
questions? 
If you are unclear in relation to any matter, or uncertain 
if any Notes offered under the Programme are a suitable 
investment, you should seek professional advice from 
your broker, solicitor, accountant or other independent 
financial adviser before deciding whether or not to 
invest. 
N/A

--- Page 24 ---
24 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors 
should consider carefully the factors and risks associated with any investment in the Notes, the business of the 
Nestlé group of companies (the “Nestlé Group” or the “Group”) and the industry in which the Nestlé Group 
operates, together with all other information contained in this Prospectus including, in particular, the risk 
factors described below.  
Prospective investors should note that the risks relating to the Nestlé Group, its industry and the Notes are the 
risks that each of the Issuers and the Guarantor believes to be the most essential to an assessment by a 
prospective investor of whether to consider an investment in the Notes. However, as the risks which the Nestlé 
Group faces relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future, prospective 
investors should consider, among other things, the risks and uncertainties described below. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme which may in turn result in investors losing the value of 
their investment. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and neither the Issuers 
nor the Guarantor are in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks 
inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuers or the Guarantor to 
pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons that 
are not currently known to the Issuers and/or the Guarantor, or that the Issuers and/or the Guarantor currently 
deem immaterial. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this 
Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision. 
The factors described below are presented in categories with the most material risk factor in each category, in 
the assessment of the Issuers and the Guarantor, taking into account the expected magnitude of their negative 
impact and the probability of their occurrence, presented first. Subsequent risk factors in the same category are 
not ranked in order of materiality or probability of occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in more 
than one category, such risk factor appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. 
Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Nestlé Group that are not currently known to the Nestlé Group, 
or that it currently deems immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on 
the Nestlé Group’s business, prospects, results of operations and financial position and, if any such risk should 
occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. 
Factors that may affect the Issuers’ ability to fulfil their respective obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme and the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil its obligations under each Guarantee  
Consumer Risks 
The Nestlé Group operates in a competitive environment 
The business environment in which the Nestlé Group operates is competitive. In its major markets, the 
Group competes with other corporations that might also have significant financial resources to respond to and 
develop the markets in which both they and the Group operate. These resources may be applied to change areas 
of focus or to increase investments in marketing or new products. This could cause the Group’s sales or margins 
to decrease in these markets.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
In addition, the rapid and continuous emergence of new distribution channels, particularly in e-
commerce, may create consumer price deflation, affecting the Group’s retail customer relationships and 
presenting additional challenges to increasing prices in response to commodity and other cost increases. 
Moreover, if the Nestlé Group is unable to adjust to new distribution channels and developments in e-commerce, 
the Group may be disadvantaged with certain consumers, which could adversely impact the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Maintaining, extending and expanding the Nestlé Group’s reputation and brand image are essential to 
its business success 
The Nestlé Group has many iconic brands with long-standing consumer recognition across the globe. 
The Nestlé Group’s success depends on its ability to maintain the brand image for its existing products, extend 
its brands to new platforms and expand its brand image with new product offerings. 
Reliance on the Nestlé Group’s brands makes the Group vulnerable to brand damage in a variety of 
ways. For example, the Nestlé Group could become a victim of a food safety or other compliance issue, product 
tampering or contamination or brand dilution by people who use any of the Nestlé brands without the Nestlé 
Group’s permission, resulting in negative publicity. Damage to the Nestlé Group’s brands could result in the 
loss of revenue associated with the affected brands and higher costs to address these circumstances, including 
those associated with any product recall events that may occur. 
The Nestlé Group’s success in maintaining, extending and expanding its brand image depends, in part, 
on its ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment. The Nestlé Group is increasingly relying on 
social media and online dissemination of advertising campaigns. The growing use of social and digital media 
increases the speed and extent that information, including misinformation, and opinions can be shared. Negative 
posts or comments about the Nestlé Group, its brands or suppliers and, in some cases, its competitors, on social 
or digital media, whether or not valid, could seriously damage the Group’s brands and reputation. 
Furthermore, the Nestlé Group may fail to invest sufficiently in maintaining, extending and expanding 
its brand image. If the Nestlé Group does not successfully maintain, extend and expand its reputation or its 
brand image, then its business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 
The Nestlé Group may be unable to anticipate and successfully respond to changes in consumer 
preferences or trends, which may result in decreased demand for its products 
The success of the Nestlé Group depends, in part, on its ability to anticipate the tastes and dietary habits 
of consumers and to offer products that appeal to their preferences. Consumer preferences are susceptible to 
change. Any major change in demographics and/or any failure to anticipate, identify or react to changes in 
consumer preferences or trends or introduce new and improved products on a timely basis could result in 
reduced demand for the Nestlé Group’s products, which would in turn cause the volume, revenue and operating 
companies’ income to suffer. Moreover, there are inherent marketplace risks associated with new products or 
packaging introductions, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance. 
The Nestlé Group must distinguish between short-term fads, mid-term trends and long-term changes in 
consumer preferences. If the Nestlé Group does not accurately predict if shifts in consumer preferences will be 
long-term or if it fails to introduce new and improved products to satisfy those preferences, its sales could 
decline. In addition, because of its varied consumer base, the Nestlé Group must offer an array of products that 
satisfy a broad spectrum of consumer preferences. If the Nestlé Group fails to expand its product offerings 
successfully across product categories, or if it does not rapidly develop products in faster growing or more 
profitable categories, demand for the Group’s products could decrease, which could adversely impact its 
business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
Successful innovation depends on the Nestlé Group’s ability to correctly anticipate consumer 
acceptance, to obtain, protect and maintain necessary intellectual property rights and to avoid infringing upon 
the intellectual property rights of others. The Nestlé Group must also successfully respond to new products and 
technological advances made by competitors. Failure to respond to competitive moves and changing habits of 
consumers could compromise the Nestlé Group’s competitive position and adversely impact the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
There is also the risk that the Nestlé Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations may 
be adversely impacted by an overall reduction in consumer spending. 
Product recalls and product liability claims could adversely impact the Nestlé Group 
The Nestlé Group has a comprehensive food safety assurance programme and implements an array of 
preventive measures to ensure the safety of its products. Nevertheless, selling products for human and animal 
use and consumption involves inherent legal and other risks, including contamination or spoilage, misbranding, 
product tampering and other adulteration. The Nestlé Group could decide to, or be required to, recall products 
due to suspected or confirmed product contamination or any other such deficiencies. Product recalls or market 
withdrawals could result in losses due to their costs, the destruction of product inventory and lost sales due to 
the unavailability of the product for a period of time. 
The Nestlé Group could be adversely impacted if consumers lose confidence in the safety and quality of 
certain food products or ingredients or the food safety assurance programme generally. Adverse attention about 
these types of concerns, whether or not valid, may damage certain of the Nestlé Group’s brands and/or the 
Group’s reputation, discourage consumers from buying its products or cause production and delivery 
disruptions. 
The Nestlé Group may also suffer losses if its products or operations violate applicable laws or 
regulations, or if its products cause injury, illness, or death. In addition, the Nestlé Group’s marketing could 
face claims of false or deceptive advertising or other criticism. A significant product liability or other legal 
judgment or a related regulatory enforcement action against the Nestlé Group, or a significant product recall, 
may adversely impact the Group’s reputation and profitability. Moreover, even if a product liability or fraud 
claim is ultimately unsuccessful, has no merit, or is not pursued, the negative publicity surrounding assertions 
against the Nestlé Group’s products or processes could adversely impact its business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
Environmental, Social and Governance Risks 
The Nestlé Group is subject to risks arising from the transition to a low-carbon economy 
Under the Paris Agreement scenario (the climate scenario where global warming is well below 2°C, 
preferably 1.5°C, compared to pre-industrial levels), macro shifts will be required to move the world to a low-
carbon economy. Depending on the nature and, particularly, the speed of the transition, varying levels of 
financial and reputational risks exist. Policy and regulatory changes to constrain emission-intensive activities 
may include, but are not limited to, adoption of carbon pricing, reforms in agricultural subsidies and incentives 
for renewable energy. Investments in technology to adapt to and mitigate climate change will carry uncertainty 
due to the immaturity of technological solutions. Sector or business level reputation may be impacted (positively 
or negatively depending on the category) by increased stakeholder concern and shifts in consumer sentiment. 
Consumers may adopt more sustainable choices leading to wide ranging supply and demand shifts which may 
vary across different product categories. Competitor responses may change competitive dynamics and impact 
on the sector’s reputation. This transition disruption to a low-carbon economy may impact revenue and growth 
projections, as well as indirectly impact the Nestlé Group in a number of additional areas including community 
relations, employee attraction and engagement.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
Climate change may have an adverse impact on the Nestlé Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations 
Climate change is a major global challenge, with shifting weather patterns threatening food security and 
changes in consumption putting pressure on natural resources. Decreased agricultural productivity in certain 
regions of the world as a result of changing weather patterns may limit the availability or increase the cost of 
key agricultural commodities, which are important sources of ingredients for the Nestlé Group’s products. 
Climate change may also exacerbate water scarcity and cause a further deterioration of water quality in affected 
regions, which could limit water availability for the Nestlé Group’s water products. Increased frequency or 
duration of extreme weather conditions could also impair production capabilities, disrupt the Nestlé Group’s 
supply chain or impact demand for the Nestlé Group’s products. As a result, the effects of climate change could 
adversely impact the Nestlé Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Nestlé Group is subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility 
The Nestlé Group’s business faces increasing scrutiny related to environmental, social and governance 
issues, including sustainable development, product safety, product packaging, renewable resources, 
environmental stewardship, supply chain management, climate change, diversity and inclusion, workplace 
conduct, human rights, philanthropy and support for local communities. If the Nestlé Group fails to meet 
applicable standards or expectations with respect to these issues across all its products and in all its operations 
and activities, the Group’s reputation and brand image could be damaged and its business, financial condition 
and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 
Further, the Nestlé Group has developed a strong corporate reputation over many years for its focus on 
environmental, social and governance issues. The Nestlé Group seeks to conduct its business in an ethical and 
socially responsible way, through sustainable business practices and various programmes committed to 
sustainability, human rights and compliance, which it regards as essential to maximise shareholder value, while 
enhancing community quality and environmental stewardship. Implementation of these programmes, including 
Nestlé’s commitments to net zero greenhouse gas emissions and sustainable packaging, which the Nestlé Group 
may not be able to achieve for reasons beyond its control, can require significant expenditures of financial and 
employee resources.  
Adverse weather conditions could reduce the demand for the Nestlé Group’s products 
The Nestlé Group’s business is subject to some seasonality and adverse weather conditions may impact 
the Group’s sales. For example, the water business experiences seasonal business swings. Unusually prolonged 
periods of cold, rain, blizzards, hurricanes or other severe weather patterns could impact consumers’ decisions 
to purchase goods associated with the spring and summer. 
Operational Risks 
Price changes for raw materials and commodities may adversely impact the Nestlé Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations 
The Nestlé Group relies to a varying degree on the sourcing of raw materials from around the world. 
This exposes the Nestlé Group to price fluctuations and supply uncertainties which are subject to factors such 
as commodity market price volatility, currency fluctuations, changes in governmental agricultural programmes, 
harvest and weather conditions including longer-term changes in weather patterns, water shortages, crop 
disease, crop yields, alternative crops and by-product values. Underlying base material price changes may result 
in unexpected increases in raw material and packaging costs and the Nestlé Group may be unable to fully reflect 
these increases by raising prices without suffering reduced volume, revenue and operating income. 
The ability to maintain the profitability of products containing tradeable commodities is largely 
dependent on cost management capacity of both direct and indirect materials, including energy, as well as

--- Page 28 ---
28 
market competitiveness. A significant or sustained decrease in the sale price of products based on commodities 
such as coffee, cocoa or milk products could have an adverse impact on the business, financial condition and 
results of operations of the Nestlé Group. 
Although the Nestlé Group monitors its exposure to commodity prices and seeks to hedge against price 
changes for raw materials and commodities to the extent it deems appropriate, it does not fully hedge against 
changes in raw materials or commodity prices, and its hedging strategies may not protect the Group from 
increases in specific raw materials costs. 
Should the price of commodities decline over a period of time, producers of raw materials may diversify 
their product range, which may restrict the availability of raw materials. 
In addition, various governments throughout the world are considering regulatory proposals relating to 
genetically modified organisms or ingredients, food safety and market and environmental regulation which, if 
adopted, would increase costs. If any of these or other proposals are enacted, the Nestlé Group may experience 
difficulties in supply and may be unable to pass on the cost increases to consumers without incurring volume 
loss as a result of higher prices.  
The ability to attract and retain highly skilled and talented employees is critical to the success of the 
Nestlé Group 
The success of the Nestlé Group depends on its ability to attract and retain a highly-skilled and talented 
workforce. The Nestlé Group may not be able to successfully compete for and attract the high quality employee 
talent it wants, and its future business needs may require. Any unplanned turnover or unsuccessful 
implementation of the Nestlé Group’s succession plans to backfill current leadership positions, or to hire, train, 
develop and retain a highly talented workforce could deplete the Group’s institutional knowledge base and 
erode its competitive advantage or result in increased costs due to increased competition for employees, higher 
employee turnover or increased employee benefit costs. Any of the foregoing could adversely impact the Nestlé 
Group’s reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations. 
Prolonged negative perceptions concerning health implications of certain foods could lead to an 
increase in regulation of the food industry or influence consumer preferences, which may adversely 
impact the Nestlé Group’s brands, reputation and results of operations 
The food industry as a whole is faced with the global challenge of rapidly rising obesity levels. The 
Nestlé Group makes all of its products available in a range of sizes and varieties designed to meet all needs and 
all occasions. There is a possibility, however, of governments taking action against the food industry, for 
example, by levying additional taxes on products with high calories or salt levels or by restricting the advertising 
of products of this type. Further, even absent additional regulation, consumers may change their purchasing or 
consumption habits in response to perceived health concerns. Such actions or shifting preferences could have 
an adverse impact on the Nestlé Group’s brands, reputation and results of operations. 
A significant disruption in one or many of the Nestlé Group’s manufacturing facilities or to the Group’s 
suppliers could impact the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations 
The Nestlé Group’s manufacturing facilities and/or suppliers could be disrupted for reasons beyond the 
Group’s control. These disruptions may include extremes of natural hazards, fire, supplies of materials or 
services, system failures, workforce actions, political instability, environmental issues or an event such as 
infectious disease. The Nestlé Group takes measures to limit these risks, and, in particular, the decentralised 
nature of the Group’s manufacturing assets helps to limit the impact that any local disruption may have on the 
Group’s manufacturing capabilities. However, any significant manufacturing disruptions or a major event in 
one of the Nestlé Group’s key plants, at a key supplier, contract manufacturer, co-packer and/or warehouse 
facility could lead to a supply disruption and adversely impact the Group’s ability to make and sell products,

--- Page 29 ---
29 
which could adversely impact the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Shifts in 
production patterns and economic and social inequality in supply chains could also result in capacity constraints, 
as well as reputational damage.  
If the Nestlé Group does not realise the economic benefits it anticipates from its productivity and cost-
saving initiatives or is unable to successfully manage such initiatives’ possible negative consequences, 
the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted 
The Nestlé Group has implemented a number of productivity and cost-savings initiatives that it believes 
are important to position its business for future success and growth. The Nestlé Group’s future success may 
depend upon its ability to realise the benefits of its productivity and cost-savings initiatives. In addition, certain 
of the Nestlé Group’s initiatives may lead to increased costs in other aspects of its business such as increased 
outsourcing or distribution costs. Some of the actions the Nestlé Group takes in furtherance of its productivity 
and cost-savings initiatives may become a distraction for its managers and employees and may disrupt its 
ongoing business operations; cause deterioration in employee morale which may make it more difficult for the 
Group to retain or attract qualified managers and employees; disrupt or weaken the internal control structures 
of the affected business operations; and give rise to negative publicity which could affect the reputation of the 
Nestlé Group’s brands. If the Nestlé Group is unable to successfully manage the possible negative consequences 
of its productivity and cost-savings initiatives, the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations could be adversely impacted. 
Disruption impacting the reliability, security and privacy of data, as well as the Nestlé Group’s software 
applications, is a threat 
The Nestlé Group depends on accurate, timely information and numerical data from key software 
applications to enable day-to-day decision making. The Nestlé Group also uses computer systems to monitor 
financial conditions and daily cash flows and to process payments to internal and external counterparties. The 
management of daily cash flows at Nestlé Group companies depends on the timely receipt of funds from 
external institutions who act as counterparties to financial transactions, such as bonds, swaps or other derivative 
financial instruments. 
Any disruption caused by a failure of a key software application, of underlying equipment or of 
communication networks, for whatever reason, could delay day-to-day decision making, payment processes, 
manufacturing processes, product delivery and/or cause the Nestlé Group adverse financial losses. Moreover, 
restoring or recreating information that has been lost could be costly, difficult or even impossible. Changes in 
the regulatory environment regarding data privacy and protection could have an adverse impact on the Nestlé 
Group’s business. 
The Nestlé Group may not be able to protect its intellectual property rights 
The success of the branded goods industry in general and the Nestlé Group’s business in particular 
depends, in a large part, on the Group’s ability to protect its current and future trademarks, brand names and 
trade names and to defend the Group’s intellectual property rights. The Nestlé Group has invested considerable 
effort in protecting its intellectual property rights, including registering trademarks and domain names. The 
Nestlé Group cannot, however, be certain that the measures it has taken to protect its intellectual property rights 
will be sufficient or that third parties will not infringe or misappropriate its intellectual property rights. Given 
the attractiveness of the Nestlé Group’s brands to consumers, the Group is subject to the risk of third parties 
manufacturing counterfeit or similar products or using its trademarks or brand names without the Group’s 
permission. The Nestlé Group cannot be certain that the steps it takes to prevent, detect and eliminate counterfeit 
products will be effective in preventing material loss of profits or erosion of brand equity resulting from lower 
quality or even dangerous counterfeit product reaching the market. Moreover, certain countries in which the 
Group operates offer less intellectual property protection than is available in North America and Europe. If the

--- Page 30 ---
30 
Nestlé Group is unable to protect its intellectual property against infringement or misappropriation, this could 
adversely impact the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Nestlé Group’s strategy of growth through acquisitions and investments may not be successful 
From time to time, the Nestlé Group may evaluate acquisition candidates, alliances, joint ventures or 
investments that may strategically fit its business objectives. Such acquisitions, alliances, joint ventures and 
investments may expose the Nestlé Group to unknown liabilities and may lead the Group to incur additional 
debt, related interest expense and increase the Group’s contingent liabilities. The Nestlé Group may not be able 
to successfully produce, market or sell the products of brands it acquires, and integrating acquired brands so 
they conform to the Group’s trade practice standards may prove challenging and costly, may not deliver the 
anticipated benefits, cost savings or synergies, and may cause an impairment of goodwill and/or intangible 
assets. 
In addition, the Nestlé Group may not be able to find suitable targets for acquisitions, alliances, joint 
ventures or investments on acceptable terms and conditions in the future. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
Changes in, or failure to comply with, the laws and regulations applicable to the Nestlé Group’s 
products or its business could adversely impact the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations 
The Nestlé Group is subject to various laws and regulations in numerous countries throughout the world 
in which it does business, including laws and regulations relating to competition, product safety, advertising 
and labelling, recycling and product stewardship, the protection of the environment and employment and labour 
practices. Changes in applicable laws or regulations or increased disclosures on environmental, social and 
governance performance or evolving interpretations thereof may result in increased compliance costs, capital 
expenditures and other financial obligations for the Nestlé Group, as well as reputational damage. For example, 
increased or additional regulations to discourage the use of plastic, including regulations relating to recovery 
and/or disposal of plastic packaging materials due to environmental concerns, could impact its profitability or 
may impede the production, distribution, marketing and sale of its products, which could adversely impact the 
Group’s reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
In addition, failure to comply with privacy laws and regulations such as the General Data Protection 
Regulation, anti-corruption laws such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other applicable laws or 
regulations could result in the assessment of damages, the imposition of penalties, suspension of production or 
distribution, costly changes to equipment or processes due to required corrective action or a cessation or 
interruption of operations at the Nestlé Group’s facilities (or those of suppliers), as well as damage to its image 
and reputation, all of which could harm the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Further, the Nestlé Group conducts business in certain countries that are the target of trade sanctions 
imposed by the United States, EU and other countries. Such trade sanctions notably prohibit transactions with 
certain financial institutions and certain persons. If the Nestlé Group fails to comply with these trade sanctions, 
it could be subject to criminal penalties and/or significant financial penalties. 
Some of the Nestlé Group’s products, especially in its Nutrition and Health Science products segment, 
are subject to regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the “FDA”) and numerous international, 
supranational, federal and state authorities. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals to market a drug or 
other health care product can be costly and time-consuming, and approvals might not be granted for future 
products, or additional indications or uses of existing products, on a timely basis, if at all. Delays in the receipt 
of, or failure to obtain, approvals for future products, or new indications and uses, could result in delayed 
realisation of product revenues, reduction in revenues and substantial additional costs. In addition, no assurance

--- Page 31 ---
31 
can be given that the Nestlé Group will remain in compliance with applicable FDA and other regulatory 
requirements once approval or marketing authorisation has been obtained for a product. Possible regulatory 
actions for non-compliance could include warning letters, fines, damages, injunctions, civil penalties, recalls, 
seizures of the Nestlé Group’s products and criminal prosecution, any of which could negatively impact the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Significant additional labelling or warning requirements or limitations on the marketing or sale of the 
Nestlé Group’s products may reduce demand for such products and could adversely impact the Group’s 
business, financial condition or results of operations 
Certain jurisdictions in which the Nestlé Group’s products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold 
have either imposed, or are considering imposing, product labelling or warning requirements or limitations on 
the marketing or sale of certain of its products as a result of ingredients or substances contained in such products. 
These types of provisions have required that the Nestlé Group provide a label that highlights perceived concerns 
about a product or warns consumers to avoid consumption of certain ingredients or substances present in the 
Group’s products. For instance, a number of jurisdictions have imposed or are considering imposing labelling 
requirements, including color-coded labelling of certain food and beverage products where colours such as red, 
yellow and green are used to indicate various levels of a particular ingredient, such as sugar, sodium or saturated 
fat. The imposition or proposed imposition of additional product labelling or warning requirements could reduce 
overall consumption of the Nestlé Group’s products, lead to negative publicity (whether based on scientific fact 
or not) or leave consumers with the perception (whether or not valid) that its products do not meet their health 
and wellness needs. Such factors could adversely impact the Nestlé Group’s business, financial condition or 
results of operations. 
Failure to comply with environmental, occupational health and safety laws and regulations of the 
countries in which the Nestlé Group operates could adversely impact the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations 
The Nestlé Group is subject to various environmental laws and regulations in numerous countries 
throughout the world in which it does business and has to comply with legislation concerning the protection of 
the environment, including the use of natural resources (for example, water), release of air emissions and 
wastewater, and the generation, storage, handling, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste materials. In 
the ordinary course of business, the Nestlé Group’s operations are subject to internal environmental policy and 
management procedures, environmental inspections and monitoring by governmental enforcement authorities. 
Costs may be incurred, including fines, damages and criminal or civil sanctions, or interruptions may be 
experienced in operations for actual or alleged violations arising under any environmental laws. Moreover, the 
Nestlé Group’s production facilities require operating permits that are subject to renewal, modification and, in 
certain circumstances, revocation. Violations of permit requirements can also result in restrictions or 
prohibitions on plant operations, substantial fines and civil or criminal sanctions. Environmental legislation is 
also increasingly imposing requirements on the Nestlé Group’s products and packaging (for example, eco-taxes 
or deposits), which affect costs. 
Similarly, the Nestlé Group is subject to various health and safety laws and regulations in numerous 
countries throughout the world in which it operates and has to comply with legislation concerning the protection 
of the health and welfare of employees and contractors. Despite the Nestlé Group’s internal policy decisions on 
safety, the training provided to employees, accident prevention and awareness, the risk of accidents and/or long-
term health impacts cannot be excluded. Costs may be incurred, including fines, damages and criminal or civil 
sanctions, or interruptions may result from, actual or alleged violations arising under any health and safety laws 
and/or regulations. The failure to comply with any such laws may also adversely impact the Nestlé Group’s 
reputation.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
The results of litigation claims and legal proceedings cannot be predicted and may adversely impact the 
Nestlé Group 
Several of the Nestlé Group’s companies are party to litigation claims and legal proceedings arising out 
of the ordinary course of business. The relevant companies in the Nestlé Group believe that there are valid 
defences for the claims and proceedings and such companies intend to defend any such litigation claim or legal 
proceeding. However, the results of litigation and legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. In the 
event that the relevant companies’ assessment of the various litigation or legal proceedings proves inaccurate 
or litigation, claims, proceedings, inquiries or investigations that are material arise in the future, there may be 
an adverse impact on the Nestlé Group’s business, financial condition or results of operations. Responding to 
litigation claims, legal proceedings, inquiries, and investigations, even those that are ultimately non-
meritorious, may also require the Nestlé Group to incur significant expense and devote significant resources. 
Changes in tax laws and interpretations could adversely impact the Nestlé Group’s business 
The Nestlé Group is subject to income and other taxes in various foreign jurisdictions in which it 
operates. The Nestlé Group’s domestic and foreign tax liabilities are dependent on the jurisdictions in which its 
operations are determined to be taxable. A number of factors influence the Nestlé Group’s effective tax rate, 
including changes in tax laws and treaties as well as the interpretation of existing laws and rules in the 
jurisdictions in which the Group operates. Significant judgment, knowledge, and experience are required as to 
the interpretation and application of these rules. The Nestlé Group’s future effective tax rate is impacted by a 
number of factors including changes in the valuation of its deferred tax assets and liabilities, increases in 
expenses not deductible for tax and changes in available tax credits. In the ordinary course of the Nestlé Group’s 
business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. In 
addition, federal, state, and local governments and administrative bodies within various jurisdictions have 
implemented, or are considering, a variety of broad tax, trade, and other regulatory reforms that may impact the 
Nestlé Group. Developments in international tax reforms, either already implemented or being considered, may 
impact the Nestlé Group. This includes the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development initiative 
to combat base erosion and profit shifting, which has led to the development of a number of measures which 
countries plan to introduce, including the Pillar Two initiative. The Pillar Two initiative is focused on the 
introduction of a global minimum corporate tax rate, with the possibility of top-up taxes being introduced in 
cases where jurisdictions do not comply with the minimum tax rate. The implementation of the Pillar Two 
Model Rules in national laws could impact us including additional taxation for the Group. 
Increases in or the imposition of new taxes on the Nestlé Group’s business operations or products would 
increase the cost of products or, to the extent levied directly on consumers, make the Group’s products less 
affordable, which may negatively impact on the Group’s net operating revenues and profitability. The Nestlé 
Group is also regularly subject to audits by tax authorities. Although the Nestlé Group believes its tax estimates 
are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from 
the Group’s historical income tax provisions and accruals. Economic and political pressures to increase tax 
revenue in various jurisdictions may make resolving tax disputes more difficult. The occurrence of any of the 
foregoing tax risks could have an adverse impact on the Nestlé Group business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
The Nestlé Group’s results could be adversely impacted as a result of increased obligations under its 
retirement benefit schemes 
The Nestlé Group has various retirement benefit schemes which are funded via investments in equities, 
bonds and other external assets, the liabilities for which reflect the latest salary levels. The values of such assets 
are dependent on, among other things, the performance of the equity and debt markets, which are volatile. Any 
shortfall in the Nestlé Group’s funding obligations may require significant additional funding from the 
employing entities, which may adversely impact the Group’s results of operations.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
Economic and Political Risks 
Changes to international trade policies, treaties and tariffs, or the emergence of a trade war could 
adversely impact the Nestlé Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations 
Changes to international trade policies, treaties and tariffs, or the perception that these changes could 
occur, could adversely impact the financial and economic conditions of some or all of the jurisdictions in which 
the Nestlé Group operates. Any trade tensions or trade wars, for example, between the United States and China, 
or changes in the European Union (including as a result of the departure of the UK from the EU), or news and 
rumours of a potential trade war, could have an adverse impact on the Nestlé Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. Additionally, the imposition of increased or new tariffs could increase the 
Nestlé Group’s costs and require the Group to raise prices on certain of its products, which may adversely 
impact the demand for such products. If the Nestlé Group is not successful in offsetting the impacts of any such 
tariffs, the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted.  
Adverse economic, political and business conditions or other developments, as well as other geopolitical 
risks, such as armed conflict or terrorism, in the countries in which the Nestlé Group operates, may 
adversely impact the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations 
The Nestlé Group sells products in more than 180 countries worldwide, so its business is subject to a 
variety of risks and uncertainties related to trading in many different countries, including political, economic or 
social upheaval. Such upheaval could lead governments to make changes, including the imposition of sanctions, 
import, investment or currency restrictions, such as tariffs and import quotas and restrictions on the repatriation 
of earnings and capital, or changes in trade regulation. Any trade tensions or trade wars, for example, between 
the United States and China, or changes in the European Union (including as a result of the departure of the UK 
from the EU), or news and rumours of a potential trade war could negatively impact the Nestlé Group’s 
operations and sales. In addition, the loosening of any such restrictions impacting the Nestlé Group’s 
competitors could lead to increased competition in some of the Group’s markets, negatively impact the Group’s 
market share and adversely impact the Group’s business, financial conditions and results of operations. 
Political, fiscal or social unrest, potential health issues (including pandemic issues), conflict and terrorist 
threats or acts may also occur in various places around the world, which could have an impact on trade, 
infrastructure, tourism and travel. These disruptions may directly impact the Nestlé Group’s physical facilities 
and ability to operate (e.g. access to energy), along with that of the Nestlé Group’s, suppliers’ or customers’ 
physical facilities and operations. In addition, terrorist threats or acts may make travel and the transportation of 
supplies and products more difficult and more expensive and ultimately impact the Nestlé Group’s operating 
results. 
Unfavourable global economic conditions, such as a recession or economic slowdown could adversely 
impact the Nestlé Group’s sales and profitability. Under difficult economic conditions, consumers may seek to 
reduce discretionary spending by foregoing purchases of the Nestlé Group’s products. The Nestlé Group cannot 
predict how current or future global economic conditions will impact the Group’s customers, consumers, 
suppliers, distributors or other third parties and any negative impact on the foregoing may also have an adverse 
impact on the Group’s business, financial condition or results of operations.  
Following the outbreak of the war in Ukraine in late February 2022, several countries imposed sanctions 
on Russia, Belarus and certain regions in Ukraine. These new circumstances strongly limited the freedom of 
Nestlé Russia Region businesses to operate. The Group has assessed and confirmed that the changes in the legal 
and operating environment of Russia and Ukraine have not impacted the ability to exercise control over the 
Group entities in these countries. However, the implications for the Group and the global economy of the war 
in Ukraine as well as potential escalations are highly uncertain, and remain difficult to predict or quantify.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
Any of these developments and uncertainties may have a significant adverse effect on the Nestlé Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Currency fluctuations could adversely impact the financial condition of the Nestlé Group 
The Nestlé Group operates in many different countries and thus is subject to currency fluctuations, both 
in terms of its trading activities and the translation of its financial statements. While the Nestlé Group uses 
short-term hedging for trading activities, it does not believe that it is appropriate or practicable to hedge long-
term translation exposure. The Nestlé Group does, however, seek some mitigation of such translation exposure 
by relating the currencies of trading cash flows to those of its debt by using broadly similar interest cover ratios. 
If the Nestlé Group experiences significant currency fluctuations or is unable to use effectively similar interest 
cover ratios, then the Group’s financial condition could be adversely impacted. 
Changes in interest rates could adversely impact the Nestlé Group’s results of operations 
The Nestlé Group holds a substantial volume of interest rate sensitive financial assets, liabilities and 
derivatives for operational, financing and investment activities. Changes in interest rates can have adverse 
impacts on the financial condition and operating results of the Nestlé Group. In order to mitigate the impact of 
interest rate risk, the Nestlé Group continually assesses the exposure of the Group to this risk. Interest rate risk 
is managed and hedged through the use of derivative financial instruments, such as interest rate swaps and 
forward rate agreements. When deemed appropriate, there might be unhedged positions. 
Global capital and credit markets could adversely impact the Nestlé Group’s liquidity, increase its costs 
of borrowing and disrupt the operations of its suppliers and customers 
Certain Nestlé Group companies raise finance by the issuance of term debt, principally in the capital 
markets. Therefore, the Nestlé Group depends on broad access to these capital markets and investors. Changes 
in demand for term debt instruments in the capital markets could limit the ability of the Nestlé Group to fund 
operations. 
In connection with its financing activities, the Nestlé Group deals with many banks and financial 
institutions and thus is exposed to a risk of loss in the event of non-performance by the counterparties to 
financial instruments. While the Nestlé Group seeks to limit such risk by dealing with counterparties which 
have high credit ratings, the Group cannot give assurances that counterparties will fulfil their obligations, the 
failure of which could adversely impact the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
In addition, increases in the cost of borrowing could negatively impact the operating results of the Nestlé 
Group. Increases in borrowing costs could arise from changes in demand for term debt instruments in the capital 
markets and a decreasing willingness of banks to provide credit lines and loans. 
The Nestlé Group’s business could also be negatively impacted if its suppliers or customers experience 
disruptions resulting from tighter capital and credit markets or a slowdown in the general economy. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common of such 
features:

--- Page 35 ---
35 
General 
If an investor chooses to sell its Notes issued under the Programme in the open market at any time prior 
to the maturity of the Notes, the price the investor will receive from a purchaser may be less than its original 
investment, and may be less than the amount due to be repaid at the maturity of the Notes if an investor were 
to hold onto the Notes until that time. Factors that will influence the price received by investors who choose to 
sell their Notes in the open market may include, but are not limited to, market appetite, inflation, the period of 
time remaining to maturity of the Notes, prevailing interest rates and the financial position of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor. 
Fixed Rate Notes bear interest at a fixed rate, which may affect the secondary market value and/or the 
real value of the Notes over time due to fluctuations in market interest rates and the effects of inflation 
Fixed Rate Notes bear interest at a fixed rate. Investors should note that (i) if market interest rates start 
to rise then the income to be paid on the Notes might become less attractive and the price the investors get if 
they sell such Notes could fall (however, the market price of the Notes has no effect on the interest amounts 
due on the Notes or what investors will be due to be repaid on the Maturity Date if the Notes are held by the 
investors until they expire); and (ii) inflation will reduce the real value of the Notes over time which may affect 
what investors can buy with their investments in the future and which may make the fixed interest rate on the 
Notes less attractive in the future. 
If the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when 
the relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
Each Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at 
a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest 
basis, may affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes as the change of interest basis may 
result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower 
than the prevailing rates on Fixed Rate Notes or the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing interest rates and could affect the 
market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Uncertainty about the future of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of, and return on, any Notes 
linked to a “benchmark” and the trading market for such Notes 
EURIBOR and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed “benchmarks” 
are the subject of national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing 
to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the 
euro area financial system. 
These reforms may cause such “benchmarks” to perform differently than in the past, to disappear 
entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have an adverse 
effect on any Notes linked to such a “benchmark”. 
The Benchmarks Regulation was published in the official journal on 29 June 2016 and has applied since 
1 January 2018 (with the exception of provisions specified in Article 59 (mainly on critical “benchmarks”) that 
came into effect from 30 June 2016). 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have an adverse impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another 
“benchmark” rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in 
order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) 
have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level 
of the “benchmark”. In addition, the Benchmarks Regulation stipulates that each administrator of a 
“benchmark” regulated thereunder must be licensed by the competent authority of the Member State where 
such administrator is located. There is a risk that administrators of certain “benchmarks” will fail to obtain a 
necessary licence, preventing them from continuing to provide such “benchmarks”. Other administrators may 
cease to administer certain “benchmarks” because of the additional costs of compliance with the Benchmarks 
Regulation and other applicable regulations, and the risks associated therewith. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such 
factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to 
certain “benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to 
the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. Uncertainty about the future of “benchmarks”, any of the above 
changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have an adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any Notes 
linked to a “benchmark” and the trading market for such Notes. 
Benchmark discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined by reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances 
where the Original Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or 
replacement may be available.  
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant 
Screen Page is available, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for the Rate of Interest to be determined 
by the Calculation Agent by reference to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent at the 
request of the relevant Issuer. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting 
rates for the determination of such Original Reference Rate), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the 
Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original Reference 
Rate was discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference Rate, the availability of

--- Page 37 ---
37 
quotes from reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued 
may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
Benchmark Events include (amongst other events) permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference 
Rate and a public statement by the supervisor for the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that, with 
effect from a date after 31 December 2021, such rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor 
to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market. If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 
4(b)(viii)) occurs, the relevant Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser. 
The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be used in place 
of the Original Reference Rate, despite the continued availability of the Original Reference Rate. The use of 
any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest is likely to result in Notes linked 
to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower 
Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to be referenced. In 
addition, the market (if any) for Notes linked to any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be less liquid 
than the market for Notes linked to the Original Reference Rate. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by 
the Independent Adviser, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that the Issuer may vary the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, 
without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Conditions also 
provide that an Adjustment Spread will be determined by the Independent Adviser and applied to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate.  
The Adjustment Spread is (i) the spread, formula or methodology which is formally recommended in 
relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body (which may include a relevant central bank, supervisory authority or group of central banks/supervisory 
authorities), (ii) if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the spread, 
formula or methodology which the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate, or (iii) if the Independent 
Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied, the spread, formula or methodology which the 
Independent Adviser determines and which is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be. 
Accordingly, the application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the Notes performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate 
were to continue to apply in its current form. 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be 
able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the Independent 
Adviser is unable, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest Determination 
Date, the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest applicable as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where the 
Benchmark Event occurs before the first Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate 
of Interest.  
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser has 
failed, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in respect of any given Interest Period, it will continue

--- Page 38 ---
38 
to attempt to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding Interest 
Determination Date and/or to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to apply the next succeeding and 
any subsequent Interest Periods, as necessary.  
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event is likely to result in Notes linked to or 
referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of 
Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate could be determined. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent Adviser fails to determine 
a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of 
Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark 
Event, will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the Floating Rate Notes, in effect, becoming Fixed 
Rate Notes. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is to be determined, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that the Rate of Interest in 
respect of the Notes shall be determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions. If a public statement is made by the supervisor for the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that, with effect from a date after 31 December 2021, such rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such 
supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market and a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate is determined, ISDA Determination will not apply. Where the Floating Rate Option specified is an “IBOR” 
Floating Rate Option, the Rate of Interest may be determined by reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate 
determined on the basis of quotations from certain banks. If the relevant IBOR is permanently discontinued and 
the relevant screen rate or quotations from banks (as applicable) are not available, the operation of these 
provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of Interest that would be applicable, and may, adversely affect 
the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their nominal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the greater 
the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Bearer Notes in NGN form and global registered Notes held under the NSS may not satisfy Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria 
Bearer Notes in new global note (“NGN”) form and global registered Notes held under the new 
safekeeping structure (“NSS”) allow for the possibility of Notes being issued and held in a manner which will 
permit them to be recognised as eligible collateral for monetary policy of the central banking system for the 
euro (the “Eurosystem”) and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. However, in any particular case, such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria at the relevant time. Investors should make their own assessment as to whether 
the Notes meet such Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Notes denominated in Renminbi are subject to additional risks 
Notes denominated in Renminbi (“RMB Notes”) may be issued under the Programme. RMB Notes are 
subject to particular risks:

--- Page 39 ---
39 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of 
Renminbi into and out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of RMB Notes 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the “PRC 
Government”) continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong 
Kong dollar, despite significant reduction in control by it in recent years over trade transactions involving the 
import and export of goods and services as well as other frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These 
transactions are known as current account items. However, remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for 
the settlement of capital account items, such as capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment, 
is generally only permitted upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or 
filings with, the relevant authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. 
Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account 
items are being adjusted from time to time to match the policies of the PRC Government. 
Although the Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the International 
Monetary Fund in 2016, and the People's Bank of China (the “PBoC”) and the Ministry of Commerce of the 
PRC have implemented policies for further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-border 
transactions in foreign currencies, there is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to gradually 
liberalise control over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that any pilot schemes for Renminbi 
cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued or that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated in the 
future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC. 
Further, if any new PRC regulations are promulgated in the future which have the effect of permitting or 
restricting (as the case may be) the remittance of Renminbi for payment of transactions categorised as capital 
account items, then such remittances will need to be made subject to the specific requirements or restrictions 
set out in such rules. In the event that any regulatory restrictions inhibit the ability of the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor to repatriate funds outside the PRC to meet its obligations under the Renminbi Notes, the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor will need to source Renminbi offshore to finance such obligations under the relevant 
Renminbi Notes, and its ability to do so will be subject to the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC.  
In addition, holders of beneficial interests in RMB Notes may be required to provide certifications and 
other information (including Renminbi account information) in order to allow such holder to receive payments 
in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong 
Kong. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of RMB 
Notes and the relevant Issuer’s and the Guarantor’s ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service 
such RMB Notes. If the relevant Issuer is unable to source Renminbi, it may pay holders of RMB Notes in 
U.S. dollars 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, 
the availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. 
While the PBoC has entered into agreements on the clearing of Renminbi business (the “Settlement 
Arrangements”) with financial institutions (each, a “Renminbi Clearing Bank”) in a number of financial centres 
and cities, including but not limited to Hong Kong, London, Frankfurt and Singapore, has established the Cross-
Border Inter-Bank Payments System (CIPS) to facilitate cross-border Renminbi settlement and is in the process 
of establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other jurisdictions, the current size of 
Renminbi denominated financial assets outside the PRC remains limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by the PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of 
cross-border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. 
Furthermore, Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the

--- Page 40 ---
40 
PBoC, although the PBoC has gradually allowed participating banks to access the PRC's onshore inter-bank 
market for the purchase and sale of Renminbi. The Renminbi clearing banks only have limited access to onshore 
liquidity support from the PBoC to square open positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions 
and are not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions as a result of other foreign exchange 
transactions or conversion services. In such cases, where the participating banks cannot source sufficient 
Renminbi through the above channels, the participating banks will need to source Renminbi from the offshore 
market to square such open positions. 
The offshore Renminbi market is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on 
foreign exchange. There is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement 
Arrangements will not be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting the 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the 
liquidity of RMB Notes. To the extent the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor is required to source Renminbi 
from the offshore market to service the RMB Notes, there is no assurance that the relevant Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. If certain events occur (such as 
illiquidity, inconvertibility or non-transferability in respect of Renminbi) which result in the relevant Issuer 
being unable or it would be impracticable for it to make payments in Renminbi, the relevant Issuer’s obligation 
to make such payments in Renminbi under the terms of the RMB Notes is replaced by an obligation to make 
such payments in U.S. dollars pursuant to Condition 5(g) under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. 
Remittance of proceeds into or outside of the PRC in Renminbi may be difficult 
In the event that the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case maybe, decides to remit some or all of the 
proceeds into the PRC in Renminbi, its ability to do so will be subject to obtaining all necessary approvals from, 
and/or registration or filing with, the relevant PRC government authorities. However, there can be no assurance 
that the necessary approvals from, and/or registration or filing with, the relevant PRC government authorities 
will be obtained at all or, if obtained, they will not be revoked or amended in the future. 
In the event that the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case maybe, does remit some or all of the proceeds 
into the PRC in Renminbi and the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case maybe, subsequently is not able to 
repatriate funds outside the PRC in Renminbi, it will need to source Renminbi outside the PRC to finance its 
obligations under RMB Notes, and its ability to do so will be subject to the overall availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC. 
An investment in RMB Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time 
and is affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as other 
factors. In August 2015, the PBoC changed the way it calculates the mid-point price of Renminbi against the 
U.S. dollar, requiring the market-makers who submit for the PBoC’s reference rates to consider the previous 
day’s closing spot rate, foreign-exchange demand and supply as well as changes in major currency rates. This 
change, and other changes such as widening the trading band that may be implemented, may increase volatility 
in the value of the Renminbi against foreign currencies. In May 2017, the PBoC further decided to introduce 
counter-cyclical factors to offset the market pro-cyclicality, so that the midpoint quotes could adequately reflect 
China’s actual economic performance. However, the volatility in the value of the Renminbi against other 
currencies still exists. The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor will make all payments of interest and principal 
with respect to the Renminbi Notes in Renminbi unless otherwise specified. Except in the limited circumstances 
stipulated in Condition 5(g) under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, all payments of interest and principal 
with respect to RMB Notes will be made in Renminbi. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments in 
U.S. dollar terms may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If an investor measures its 
investment returns by reference to a currency other than Renminbi, an investment in RMB Notes entails foreign

--- Page 41 ---
41 
exchange related risks, including possible significant changes in the value of Renminbi relative to the currency 
by reference to which an investor measures its investment returns. Depreciation of Renminbi against such 
currency could cause a decrease in the effective yield of RMB Notes below their stated coupon rates and could 
result in a loss when the return on RMB Notes is translated into such currency. Accordingly, the value of the 
investment made by a holder of RMB Notes in that foreign currency will decline. 
There may be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in RMB Notes 
In considering whether to invest in RMB Notes, investors should consult their individual tax advisers 
with regard to the application of PRC tax laws to their particular situation as well as any tax consequences 
arising under the laws of any other tax jurisdictions. The value of the holder's investment in RMB Notes may 
be materially and adversely affected if the holder is required to pay PRC tax with respect to acquiring, holding 
or disposing of and receiving payments under those RMB Notes. 
An investment in RMB Notes is subject to interest rate risks 
The value of Renminbi payments under RMB Notes may be susceptible to interest rate fluctuations 
occurring within and outside the PRC, including PRC Renminbi repo rates and/or the Shanghai inter-bank 
offered rate. The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years. 
Further liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets 
outside the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a result of foreign 
exchange controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market conditions. 
If a RMB Note carries a fixed interest rate, then the trading price of such RMB Notes will vary with the 
fluctuations in Renminbi interest rates. If holders of RMB Notes propose to sell such RMB Notes before their 
maturity, they may receive an offer lower than the amount they have invested. 
Payments in respect of RMB Notes will only be made to investors in the manner specified for such RMB 
Notes in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
Investors may be required to provide certificates and other information (including Renminbi account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing 
and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong (or such RMB Settlement Centre(s) as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms). Except in the limited circumstances stipulated in Condition 5(g) under 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, all payments to investors in respect of RMB Notes will be made solely 
(i) for as long as such RMB Notes are represented by a global Note, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account 
maintained in Hong Kong (or such RMB Settlement Centre(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
in accordance with prevailing rules and procedures of Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Clearstream Banking S.A. or 
any alternative clearing system as applicable, or (ii) for so long as such RMB Notes are in definitive form, by 
transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong (or such RMB Settlement Centre(s) as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. Other than as 
provided in Condition 5(g) under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, neither the relevant Issuer nor the 
Guarantor can be required to make payment by any other means (including, but not limited to, in any other 
currency or in bank notes, by cheque or draft or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC).

--- Page 42 ---
42 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without 
the consent of all investors 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to 
consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who 
voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the relevant Issuer is not obliged 
to make gross up payments and this would result in Noteholders receiving less interest than expected and 
could adversely affect their return on the Notes 
Potential changes in Swiss withholding tax legislation 
On 3 April 2020, the Swiss Federal Council published draft legislation to reform the Swiss withholding 
tax system for interest payments on bonds. This draft legislation provided for, among other things, the 
replacement of the current debtor-based regime applicable to interest payments on bonds with a paying agent-
based regime for Swiss withholding tax. Under such proposed paying agent-based regime, subject to certain 
exceptions, all interest payments on bonds made by paying agents acting out of Switzerland to individuals 
resident in Switzerland would have been subject to Swiss withholding tax, including any such interest 
payments made on bonds issued by entities organised in a jurisdiction outside Switzerland (such as interest 
payments on the Notes). Due to the controversial outcome of the consultation on the draft legislation, the Swiss 
Federal Council submitted new draft legislation to the Swiss Federal Parliament, which provided for the 
abolition of Swiss withholding tax on interest payments on bonds. This legislation was accepted by the Swiss 
Parliament, but was subsequently rejected in a popular referendum on 25 September 2022. In view of the 
rejection of this legislation, the Swiss Federal Council could again propose a paying agent-based regime as 
contemplated by the draft legislation published on 3 April 2020. If such legislation were to result in the 
deduction or withholding of Swiss withholding tax by a paying agent in Switzerland on any interest payments 
under a Note (or any payments under the Guarantee in respect thereof), neither the respective Issuer, nor the 
Guarantor nor a paying agent nor any other person would pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes be 
obliged to pay additional amounts with respect to any Note as a result of the deduction or imposition of such 
withholding tax. 
Withholding under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”) 
Under provisions of the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act codified as sections 1471 through 1474 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (commonly known as “FATCA”), payments of interest 
(including original issue discount, if any) on Notes issued by NHI generally will be subject to a 30 per cent. 
gross basis withholding tax if any such payments are made to a “foreign financial institution” or a “foreign non-
financial entity” within the meaning of the FATCA rules, unless certain procedural requirements are satisfied 
and certain information is provided to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”). 
Under the intergovernmental agreement entered into between the United States and Luxembourg 
facilitating the implementation of FATCA and implemented by the Luxembourg law dated 24 July 2015, as 
amended or supplemented from time to time (the “FATCA Luxembourg Law”), NFI should not be treated as a 
financial institution. Accordingly, payments with respect to Notes issued by NFI generally should not be subject 
to FATCA withholding. Nevertheless, if NFI were to be treated as a financial institution and FATCA withholding 
were to be imposed, proposed regulations have been issued that provide that any such withholding would not 
apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru

--- Page 43 ---
43 
payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. 
Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until the issuance of final 
regulations. Additionally, any Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity 
and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months 
after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal 
Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless such Notes are 
materially modified after such date. 
No additional amounts will be paid by the relevant Issuer in respect of any U.S. tax withheld or deducted 
under or in respect of FATCA. Prospective investors are encouraged to consult with their own tax advisers 
regarding the possible implications of this legislation on their investment in the Notes. 
Luxembourg implementation of FATCA and CRS 
Should NFI be treated as a Reporting (Foreign) Financial Institution under the terms of the FATCA 
Luxembourg Law and/or the CRS Luxembourg Law (as defined below), it may require Noteholders to provide 
documentary evidence of their tax residence and all other information deemed necessary to comply with the 
above mentioned regulations. 
Should NFI become subject to a withholding tax and/or penalties as a result of noncompliance under the 
FATCA Luxembourg Law and/or penalties as a result of non-compliance under the CRS Luxembourg Law, the 
value of the Notes held by Noteholders may be materially affected. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change of law or administrative practice 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Prospectus 
and the provisions of the Guarantee are based on Swiss law, each as in effect as at the date of this Prospectus. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice, or Swiss law or administrative practice, after the date of this Prospectus and any such 
change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
The Guarantees are not full and unconditional obligations of the Guarantor and it may be difficult for 
Noteholders to obtain, or enforce judgments obtained, in U.S. courts against the Guarantor 
Issues of Notes under the Programme will benefit from a guarantee given by the Guarantor. The 
Guarantee is a joint and several suretyship (cautionnement solidaire) pursuant to Article 496 of the Swiss Code 
of Obligations. A joint and several suretyship pursuant to Article 496 of the Swiss Code of Obligations is not a 
full and unconditional guarantee, but rather it is a guarantee that is accessory in nature, which means that its 
enforceability is dependent upon the legal validity and enforceability of the primary obligation to which it 
relates. This means that the Guarantor will only have an obligation to pay a Noteholder an amount under the 
Guarantee if and to the extent such Noteholder has a legally valid and enforceable claim against the relevant 
Issuer to pay such amount under the Notes. A joint and several suretyship pursuant to Article 496 of the Swiss 
Code of Obligations is also governed by a number of statutory provisions of Swiss law that are designed to 
protect the surety. Some of these provisions must be reflected in the terms of the suretyship itself, while others 
apply as a matter of mandatory Swiss law. Among other things, these provisions require the terms of any 
suretyship to fix the aggregate maximum amount that may be payable by the surety thereunder. Accordingly, 
the terms of the Guarantee will limit the aggregate amount payable by the Guarantor to the Noteholders under 
the Notes to a fixed amount in the Specified Currency of the Notes (being the aggregate of the principal and 
three years’ interest in respect of each Note). 
In addition, any dispute that might arise out of or in connection with the Guarantees will fall within the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Canton of Vaud, Switzerland (venue being the City of Vevey). This 
means, among other things, that, in respect of any such dispute, service of process upon the Guarantor must be

--- Page 44 ---
44 
effected in Switzerland in accordance with Swiss procedural rules, and it is unlikely that investors would be 
able to enforce in Switzerland against the Guarantor any judgment obtained from a U.S. court with respect to 
any such dispute. 
Furthermore, the Guarantor is incorporated under the laws of Switzerland, certain of the Guarantor’s 
directors and authorised officers reside or may reside outside the United States and certain of its or such persons’ 
assets are or may be located outside the United States. As a result, in the case of disputes not arising out of or 
in connection with the Guarantee, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon the 
Guarantor or such persons within the United States. It may also be difficult for investors to enforce in 
Switzerland against the Guarantor judgments obtained in U.S. courts; in particular, it is doubtful whether a 
Swiss court would enforce a judgment obtained in U.S. courts predicated solely upon the federal or state 
securities laws of the United States. Furthermore, awards of punitive damages in actions brought in the United 
States or elsewhere may be unenforceable in jurisdictions outside the United States. 
Enforcement claims or court judgments against the Guarantor must be converted into Swiss francs 
Enforcement claims or court judgments against the Guarantor under Swiss debt collection or bankruptcy 
proceedings may be made only in Swiss francs and any foreign currency amounts must accordingly be 
converted into Swiss francs. With respect to enforcing creditors, any such foreign currency amounts will be 
converted at the exchange rate prevailing in particular on (i) the date of instituting the enforcement proceedings 
(réquisition de poursuite) and (ii), upon creditor’s request, the date of the filing for the continuation of the 
enforcement procedure (réquisition de continuer la poursuite). In bankruptcy proceedings, foreign currency 
claims will be converted at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of the adjudication of bankruptcy (ouverture 
de la faillite).  
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In 
such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the 
remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as 
a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in 
their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect 
of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a nominal amount of Notes at 
or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to the Specified 
Denomination. 
If such Notes are issued in definitive form, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate 
risk, interest rate risk and credit risk: 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, they will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding and, in addition, the

--- Page 45 ---
45 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments 
on those Notes 
Each Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor will make any payments under 
the Guarantee in the Specified Currency. For investors whose financial activities are denominated principally 
in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency in which the related 
Notes are denominated, or where principal or interest in respect of Notes is payable by reference to the value 
of a Specified Currency other than by reference solely to the Investor’s Currency, an investment in such Notes 
entails significant risks that are not associated with a similar investment in a debt security denominated and 
payable in such Investor’s Currency. Such risks include, without limitation, the possibility of significant 
changes in the rate of exchange between the applicable Specified Currency and the Investor’s Currency and the 
possibility of the imposition or modification of exchange controls by authorities with jurisdiction over such 
Specified Currency or the Investor’s Currency. Such risks generally depend on a number of factors, including 
financial, economic and political events over which none of the Issuers has control. The secondary market for 
the Notes will be affected by a number of factors independent of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer and 
the Guarantor and the value of the applicable Specified Currency, including the volatility of such Specified 
Currency, the method of calculating the nominal amount or any interest to be paid in respect of such Notes, the 
time remaining to maturity of such Notes, the outstanding amount of such Notes, the amount of other securities 
linked to such Specified Currency and the level, direction and volatility of relevant market interest rates 
generally. Such factors also will affect the market value of the Notes. In recent years, rates of exchange have 
been highly volatile and such volatility may be expected to continue in the future. Fluctuations in any particular 
exchange rate that have occurred in the past are not necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuations that may 
occur in the future. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the value of the applicable 
Specified Currency would result in a decrease in the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on a Note 
denominated or the principal or interest of which is payable in such Specified Currency, in the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent value of the principal of such Note payable at maturity and generally in the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent market value of such Note. Depreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative 
to the value of the applicable Specified Currency would have the opposite effect. In addition, depending on the 
specific terms of a Note denominated in, or the payment of which is determined by reference to the value of, a 
Specified Currency (other than solely the Investor’s Currency), changes in exchange rates relating to any of the 
currencies or currency units involved may result in a decrease in the effective yield on such Note and, in certain 
circumstances, could result in a loss of all or a substantial portion of the principal of such Note to the investor. 
Government or monetary authorities have imposed from time to time, and may in the future impose, 
exchange controls that could affect exchange rates as well as the availability of the Specified Currency in which 
a Note is payable at the time of payment of the principal or interest in respect of such Note. In addition, if the 
relevant Issuer is due to make a payment in Renminbi in Hong Kong in respect of any Note or Coupon and such 
currency is not available on the foreign exchange markets due to the imposition of exchange controls, the 
original currency’s replacement or disuse or other circumstances beyond the relevant Issuer’s control, the 
relevant Issuer will be entitled to satisfy its obligations in respect of such payment by making payment in U.S. 
Dollar as described under Condition 5(g) under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. If the currency in which 
payment is to be made is not a holder’s Investor’s Currency, the holder will be subject to the risks described in 
the prior paragraph. In addition, the exchange rate applied in such circumstances could result in a reduced 
payment to the holder. 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes 
The Notes may not have an established trading market when issued. There can be no assurance of a 
secondary market for the Notes or the continued liquidity of such market if one develops. If a Tranche of Notes 
is issued to a single investor or a limited number of investors, this may result in an even more illiquid or volatile

--- Page 46 ---
46 
market in such Notes. The secondary market for the Notes will be affected by a number of factors independent 
of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor which may include the method of calculating 
the principal or any interest to be paid in respect of such Notes, the time remaining to the maturity of such 
Notes, the outstanding amount of such Notes, any redemption features of such Notes and the level, direction 
and volatility of market interest rates generally. Such factors also will affect the market value of the Notes. In 
addition, certain Notes may be designed for specific investment objectives or strategies and therefore may have 
a more limited secondary market and experience more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Investors may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable investors to realise their anticipated 
yield. No investor should purchase Notes unless such investor understands and is able to bear the risk that 
certain Notes may not be readily saleable, that the value of Notes will fluctuate over time and that such 
fluctuations may be significant. The prices at which Zero Coupon Notes, as well as other instruments issued at 
a substantial discount from their nominal amount payable at maturity, trade in the secondary market tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do such prices for conventional interest 
bearing securities of comparable maturities. 
Credit ratings assigned to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Notes may not reflect 
all the risks associated with an investment in the Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor or the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. If a credit rating 
agency in the European Union which rates the Notes ceases to be registered under the CRA Regulation, 
European regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may 
have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in European regulated investors selling the Notes which 
may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
A downgrade in the Nestlé Group’s credit ratings could adversely impact its financial condition 
and the market value of the Notes 
Issues of Notes under the Programme will benefit from a guarantee given by the Guarantor. Senior long 
term debt obligations of the Issuers, which have the benefit of a guarantee from the Guarantor, have been rated 
AA- by Standard & Poor’s and Aa3 by Moody’s. The Nestlé Group’s credit ratings are an assessment by rating 
agencies of its ability to pay its debts when due. Consequently, real or anticipated changes in the Nestlé Group’s 
credit ratings will generally affect the market value of the Notes. In addition, the Nestlé Group’s credit ratings 
are important to its ability to issue commercial paper at favourable rates of interest. A downgrade in Nestlé 
Group’s credit ratings could increase the cost of borrowing or make the commercial paper market unavailable 
to the Group, which could increase the Group’s cost of capital. 
If any of the credit rating agencies that have rated the Notes or the Nestlé Group’s other debt securities 
downgrades or lowers its credit rating, or if any credit rating agency indicates that it has placed any such rating 
on a so-called “watch list” for a possible downgrading or lowering or otherwise indicates that its outlook for 
that rating is negative, it could have an adverse impact on the market value of the Notes and the Nestlé Group’s 
costs and availability of capital, which could in turn have an adverse impact on the Group’s financial condition, 
results of operations, cash flows and the Group’s ability to satisfy its debt service obligations (including 
payments on the Notes).

--- Page 47 ---
47 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general overview of the Programme applies only to each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme which have a minimum denomination of at least €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency), does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder 
of the relevant Wholesale Base Prospectus (see “Important Information”) and, in relation to the terms and 
conditions of any such Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. Any decision to invest in the Notes should 
be based on a consideration of the relevant Wholesale Base Prospectus as a whole, including the documents 
incorporated by reference. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall 
have the same meanings in this Overview of the Programme. 
Issuers: 
Nestlé Holdings, Inc. (“NHI”), a corporation with unlimited 
duration, incorporated and domiciled in Delaware, United States. 
NHI primarily acts as a holding company for its direct and 
indirect subsidiaries which engage primarily in the manufacture 
and sale of food products, petcare products and beverage 
products. These businesses derive revenue across the United 
States. 
Nestlé Finance International Ltd. (“NFI”) is a public limited 
company (société anonyme) with unlimited duration, organised 
under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. Its principal 
business activity is the financing of members of the Nestlé 
Group. NFI raises funds and on-lends to other members of the 
Nestlé Group. 
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”): 
NHI: 549300EAEU8YV8MQXP30 
NFI: 0KLLMNHINTFDRMU6DI05 
Nestlé S.A.: KY37LUS27QQX7BB93L28 
Website of the Issuers: 
https://www.nestle.com/  
Guarantor: 
Nestlé S.A. primarily acts as the holding company of the Nestlé 
Group which manufactures and sells food and beverages, as well 
as products related to the nutrition, health and wellness 
industries. 
Nestlé S.A. is a company with unlimited duration and is 
organised under the Swiss Code of Obligations. 
Notes issued by NHI and by NFI will be guaranteed. 
Description: 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Arranger: 
Barclays Bank PLC 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank PLC 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
HSBC Continental Europe 
RBC Europe Limited 
TD Global Finance unlimited company

--- Page 48 ---
48 
UBS AG London Branch  
and any other Dealer(s) approved in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and 
Transfer Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch  
Registrar: 
Citigroup Europe plc 
Legal and regulatory requirements: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in accordance 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and Sale”) 
including the following restrictions applicable at the date of this 
Prospectus. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent in any other currency. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, such 
currencies as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms). 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have any maturity, subject to a minimum maturity 
of one month, and to such other minimum or maximum maturity 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. Save as provided above, the Notes are not subject to 
any maximum maturity. 
According to the Luxembourg Prospectus Act, the CSSF is not 
competent to approve prospectuses for the listing of money 
market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 
months and which also comply with the definition of securities 
in the Luxembourg Prospectus Act. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a 
discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued by NFI only in bearer form as described in 
“Form of the Notes”. Notes may be issued by NHI in bearer form 
or in registered form, provided that Notes with a maturity of 
more than 183 days (taking into consideration unilateral rights to 
roll or extend) may not be issued by NHI in bearer form as 
described in “Form of the Notes”. Swiss Notes will be 
represented exclusively by a Permanent Global Note which will 
be deposited with the relevant intermediary on or prior to the

--- Page 49 ---
49 
original issue date. The Permanent Global Note will be 
exchangeable for definitive Notes in whole but not in part, only 
if the Swiss agent should, after consultation with the Issuer, deem 
the printing of definitive Notes to be necessary or useful or, if the 
presentation of definitive Notes (with any relevant Coupons 
attached) is required by Swiss or other applicable laws and 
regulations in connection with the enforcement rights of holders 
of Notes. Should the Swiss agent so determine, it shall provide 
for the printing of definitive Notes without cost to the holders of 
the Notes. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on such date or dates as 
may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer and indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating rate interest will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions (as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
of the relevant Series); or 
(b) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service. 
 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each issue 
of Floating Rate Notes and indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate, or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may 
be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
and indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
If Floating Rate Notes provide for a Rate of Interest (or any 
component thereof) to be determined by reference to a reference 
rate and a Benchmark Event in respect of such reference rate has 
occurred, then the relevant Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser (as defined in 
Condition 4(b)(viii)) to determine a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate for use in place of the Original 
Reference Rate and to determine an Adjustment Spread (if any)

--- Page 50 ---
50 
and any Benchmark Amendments. If the relevant Issuer is unable 
to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser 
fails to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable), then the Rate of Interest shall be determined by 
reference to the Original Reference Rate for the immediately 
preceding Interest Period and the fallback provisions set out in 
Condition 4(b)(iv). See Condition 4(b)(viii) for further 
information. 
Changes of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Notes 
may 
be 
converted 
from 
one 
Interest 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis to another if so provided in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes will indicate 
if such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at 
the option of the relevant Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or 
holders, and if so the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency as at the issue date of such Notes), or 
such other higher amount as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Issuer or the 
Specified Currency, see “Legal and regulatory requirements” 
above. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Legal 
and regulatory requirements” above. 
In the case of Notes issued by NHI with a maturity of 183 days 
or less (taking into consideration unilateral rights to roll or 
extend), the minimum denomination for a Definitive Note or an 
interest in a Permanent Global Note shall be U.S.$500,000 (or 
the equivalent thereof at exchange rates applicable on the issue 
date of such Note). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for, or on account of, withholding taxes imposed 
within the jurisdiction in which the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor is incorporated, subject as provided in Condition 7 
(Taxation). 
In the event that any such withholding or deduction is required, 
the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor will be required to pay 
additional amounts to cover the amounts so withheld or

--- Page 51 ---
51 
deducted, subject to certain limited exceptions provided in 
Condition 7 (Taxation). 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made subject to any 
deduction or withholding required by provisions of U.S. federal 
income tax law commonly referred to as the U.S. Foreign 
Account 
Tax 
Compliance 
Act 
(“FATCA”) 
and 
any 
intergovernmental agreements (and related implementing rules) 
relating to FATCA, and no additional amounts will be paid to 
cover the amounts so withheld or deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as described 
in Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Notes. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) and 
unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank 
pari passu and rateably without any preference among 
themselves and equally with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer from time to 
time outstanding (other than obligations mandatorily preferred 
by law). 
Status of the Guarantee: 
The obligation of the Guarantor under each Guarantee 
constitutes a direct, unsubordinated (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) and unsecured obligation of the 
Guarantor and will rank pari passu with all other present and 
future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations outstanding of 
the Guarantor (other than obligations mandatorily preferred by 
law applying to companies generally). 
Currency Fallback (Notes denominated in 
Renminbi): 
If as a result of certain circumstances as described in Condition 
5(g) (Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent), the relevant Issuer (or 
the Guarantor, as the case may be) determines in good faith that 
it is not able, or it would be impracticable for it, to satisfy 
payments due under the Notes or Coupons (or the Guarantee, as 
the case may be) in Renminbi in Hong Kong, the relevant Issuer 
or the Guarantor may, after giving notice to the Noteholders, 
settle any such payment in U.S. dollars. 
Rating: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where an issue of Notes is rated, such rating will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to the Luxembourg Official List and 
to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, for such Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Regulated Market.  
Governing Laws: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and construed 
in accordance with, English law.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
The Guarantee will be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, Swiss law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are selling restrictions in relation to the United States, 
Australia, New Zealand, the PRC, Hong Kong, Japan, 
Singapore, Switzerland, the European Economic Area (including 
Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands) and the United 
Kingdom. 
Risk Factors: 
For a discussion of certain risk factors relating to the Issuers, the 
Guarantor and the Notes that prospective investors should 
carefully consider prior to making an investment in the Notes, 
see “Risk Factors”.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO PUBLIC OFFERS OF NOTES 
If, in the context of a Public Offer (as defined below), you are offered Notes by any entity, you should check 
that such entity is authorised to use this Prospectus for the purposes of making such offer before agreeing to 
purchase any Notes. To be authorised to use this Prospectus in connection with a Public Offer (referred to below 
as an “Authorised Offeror”), an entity must either be: 
 
named as a Manager or relevant Dealer in the applicable Final Terms; and/or 
 
a financial intermediary specified in paragraph 9 of Part B of the applicable Final Terms as having been 
granted specific consent to use this Prospectus; and/or 
 
named on the website of Nestlé Group available at https://www.nestle.com/ as an Authorised Offeror in 
respect of the relevant Public Offer (if the entity has been appointed after the applicable Final Terms 
were published). 
Valid offers of Notes may only be made by an Authorised Offeror in the context of a Public Offer if the offer is 
made within the Offer Period and only in each Relevant Member State (as defined below) which will be 
specified in paragraph 9 of Part B of the applicable Final Terms and described as the “Public Offer 
Jurisdictions”, and subject to any other conditions, specified in paragraph 9 of Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms. Other than as set out above, neither the relevant Issuer nor the Guarantor has authorised the making of 
any Public Offer by any person in any circumstances and such person is not permitted to use this Prospectus in 
connection with any offer of Notes. 
Please see below for certain important legal information relating to Public Offers. 
Restrictions on Public Offers of Notes in Relevant Member States 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to as a “Public Offer”.  
This Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Public Offers of Notes. However, any person making 
or intending to make a Public Offer of Notes in any Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a 
“Public Offer Jurisdiction”) may only do so if this Prospectus has been approved by the competent authority in 
that Relevant Member State (or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified 
to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State) and published in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, provided that the relevant Issuer has consented to the use of its Base Prospectus in connection with 
such offer as provided under “Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
(Retail Cascades)” and the conditions attached to that consent are complied with by the person making the 
Public Offer of such Notes. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
In the context of any Public Offer of Notes, each Issuer and the Guarantor accepts responsibility, in each of the 
Public Offer Jurisdictions, for the content of this Prospectus in relation to any person (an “Investor”) who 
purchases any Notes in a Public Offer made by a Manager, relevant Dealer or an “Authorised Offeror” (as 
defined below), where that offer is made during the Offer Period (as defined below) and provided that the 
conditions attached to the giving of consent for the use of this Prospectus are complied with. 
Except in the circumstances set out in the following paragraphs, neither the relevant Issuer nor the 
Guarantor has authorised the making of any offer by any offeror and the relevant Issuer has not

--- Page 54 ---
54 
consented to the use of its Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any offer of the Notes 
in any jurisdiction. Any offer made without the consent of the relevant Issuer is unauthorised and none 
of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to 
such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer.  
If, in the context of a Public Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person who is not an Authorised Offeror, 
the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for the relevant Issuer’s Base 
Prospectus in the context of the Public Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt about 
whether it can rely on the relevant Issuer’s Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should 
take legal advice. 
In connection with each Tranche of Notes, and provided that the applicable Final Terms specifies an Offer 
Period, each Issuer consents to the use of this Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) 
in connection with a Public Offer of such Notes in the Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and, subject to any other conditions set out in paragraph 9 Part B of the applicable Final Terms, by: 
(i) 
the Managers or relevant Dealer(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms names financial intermediaries authorised to make such Public Offers, the 
financial intermediaries so named; and/or 
(iii) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the relevant Final Terms and whose name is 
published on the website of Nestlé Group (https://www.nestle.com/) and identified as an Authorised 
Offeror in respect of the relevant Public Offer.  
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (ii) and (iii) above are together referred to herein as the 
“Authorised Offerors”. 
Any offeror falling within sub-paragraph (ii) and (iii) above who meets all of the other conditions stated 
above and who wishes to use the relevant Issuer’s Base Prospectus in connection with a Public Offer is 
required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish on its website (i) that it has been duly 
appointed as a financial intermediary to offer the relevant Tranche of Notes during the Offer Period, (ii) 
it is relying on the relevant Issuer’s Base Prospectus for such Public Offer with the consent of the relevant 
Issuer and (iii) the conditions attached to that consent. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods occurring within twelve months from the date of this 
Prospectus. 
The Issuers may request the CSSF to provide a certificate of approval in accordance with Article 25 of the 
Prospectus Regulation (a “passport”) in relation to the passporting of this Prospectus to the competent 
authorities of Austria, Germany and the Netherlands (the “Host Member States” and, together with 
Luxembourg, the “Public Offer Jurisdictions”). Even if the Issuers passport this Prospectus into the Host 
Member States, it does not mean that the relevant Issuer will choose to consent to any Public Offer in any such 
Public Offer Jurisdiction. Investors should refer to the Final Terms for any issue of Notes for the Public Offer 
Jurisdictions the relevant Issuer may have selected as such Notes may only be offered to Investors as part of a 
Public Offer in the Public Offer Jurisdictions specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Arrangements between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror who will distribute the Notes 
None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an 
Authorised Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities 
law requirements in relation to any Public Offer and none of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer 
has any responsibility or liability for the actions of that Authorised Offeror.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY NOTES IN A PUBLIC OFFER 
FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH NOTES 
TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND 
SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS.  
THE RELEVANT ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH TERMS AND ARRANGEMENTS 
WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE PUBLIC OFFER OR SALE OF THE 
NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS DOES NOT, AND ANY 
FINAL TERMS WILL NOT, CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. INFORMATION ON THE TERMS 
AND CONDITIONS OF SUCH OFFER SHALL BE PROVIDED TO SUCH INVESTOR AT THE TIME 
OF THE OFFER BY THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR WHO WILL BE RESPONSIBLE 
FOR SUCH INFORMATION. THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION. 
NONE OF THE RELEVANT ISSUER, THE GUARANTOR OR ANY DEALER (EXCEPT WHERE 
SUCH DEALER IS THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR) HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR 
LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF SUCH INFORMATION. 
Save as provided above, no Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any 
Public Offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the relevant Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Notes which are the subject of a Public Offer and/or admitted to trading on a regulated market within 
the European Economic Area shall be issued with a minimum denomination of €1,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency).

--- Page 56 ---
56 
HOW THE RETURN ON YOUR INVESTMENT IS CALCULATED 
The following section sets out worked examples of how the interest amounts are calculated under a variety of 
scenarios and how the redemption provisions will affect the Notes. 
THE WORKED EXAMPLES PRESENTED BELOW ARE FOR ILLUSTRATIVE PURPOSES ONLY 
AND ARE IN NO WAY REPRESENTATIVE OF ACTUAL PRICING. THE WORKED EXAMPLES 
ARE INTENDED TO DEMONSTRATE HOW AMOUNTS PAYABLE UNDER THE NOTES ARE 
CALCULATED UNDER A VARIETY OF SCENARIOS. THE ACTUAL AMOUNTS PAYABLE (IF 
ANY) WILL BE CALCULATED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF 
YOUR NOTES AS SET OUT IN TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND THE FINAL 
TERMS RELATING TO THE NOTES. 
Interest 
For the purposes of the scenarios below, the principal amount per Note is assumed to be €1,000 and the 
issue price is 100 per cent. (100%) of the aggregate principal amount. 
Three types of Notes may be issued pursuant to this Prospectus: Fixed Rate Notes which bear periodic fixed 
rate interest; Floating Rate Notes which bear periodic floating rate interest; and Zero Coupon Notes, which do 
not bear interest (or any combination of these). Upon maturity, the Notes will pay a fixed redemption amount. 
Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer (a call option) or at your option 
either upon a change of ownership of the relevant Issuer or as otherwise specified (a put option). The Issuer 
may also elect to redeem the Notes early in certain circumstances for tax reasons. 
The examples below are intended to demonstrate how the return on your investment will be calculated 
depending on the interest type and the relevant redemption provisions specified to be applicable for your Notes. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes pay a periodic and predetermined fixed rate of interest over the life of the Note. 
Unless your Notes are redeemed early, in respect of each Note and on each interest payment date you will 
receive an amount calculated by applying the relevant fixed rate to the principal amount, and then multiplying 
such amount by the applicable ‘day count’ fraction (which is a fraction used to reflect the number of days over 
which interest has accrued). 
WORKED EXAMPLE: FIXED RATE NOTES 
Assuming, for the purpose of this worked example only, that: 
 
the fixed rate is 3.00 per cent. (3%) per annum; 
 
the day count fraction is “Actual/360”, being the actual number of calendar days in the interest period, 
divided by a year (assumed under this convention to be 360 days); and 
 
the actual number of calendar days in the interest period is 183, 
the interest amount payable on the interest payment date will be €15.25 (rounded to two decimal places). 
This figure is calculated as fixed interest of 3.00%, or 0.03 × €1,000 × day count fraction of 183/360 or 
0.5083333.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes pay interest that is calculated by reference to a fluctuating benchmark rate, either (i) an 
interest rate benchmark, such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), or (ii) a rate of interest 
determined in accordance with market standard definitions, published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA Definitions”), plus or minus, in each case, a margin and subject, in certain 
cases, to a maximum or minimum rate of interest. Interest rate benchmarks reflect the rate at which banks are 
willing to lend funds to each other in a particular market (for EURIBOR this is the Euro-zone interbank market). 
Interest rates determined in accordance with the ISDA Definitions reference hypothetical derivative contracts 
to determine a rate of interest. 
If the benchmark rate is, for example, EURIBOR, this will commonly be taken as the rate appearing at the 
relevant time on a specified screen service. This is referred to in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the 
Final Terms as “Screen Rate Determination” and, in the case of such an issue of Floating Rate Notes, the Final 
Terms will specify the relevant benchmark (referred to in the Final Terms as the “Reference Rate”), the date on 
which the benchmark rate will be determined for each interest period (the “Interest Determination Date”) and 
the screen from which the rate will be taken (the “Relevant Screen Page”). If the screen rate is temporarily 
unavailable, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain fallback provisions which allow the rate to be 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of rates quoted by reference banks in the relevant market. If an 
event constituting a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), in respect of such 
benchmark rate has occurred, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that the relevant Issuer shall use 
its reasonable endeavours to appoint an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise (an “Independent Adviser”) to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) for use in 
place of the original benchmark rate and to determine an Adjustment Spread (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes) (if any) and any Benchmark Amendments (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes). If the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser fails 
to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable), then the Rate of Interest shall be determined 
by reference to the original benchmark rate for the immediately preceding Interest Period and the fallback 
provisions set out in Condition 4(b)(iv). 
If the interest rate is to be determined using the ISDA Definitions, this is referred to in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes and the Final Terms as “ISDA Determination”. In such a case, the interest rate will be equivalent 
to the floating rate which would be determined in a hypothetical interest rate swap transaction for which the 
Floating Rate Option, the Designated Maturity and the relevant Reset Date are specified in the Final Terms. In 
an interest rate swap, each counterparty agrees to pay either a fixed or floating rate denominated in a particular 
currency to the other counterparty. The relevant ISDA Definitions on which the hypothetical swap transaction 
will be based will also be specified in the Final Terms. 
Unless your Notes are redeemed early, in respect of each Note and on each interest payment date you will 
receive an amount calculated by applying the rate of interest for that interest period to the principal amount, 
and then multiplying such amount by the applicable ‘day count’ fraction (which is a fraction used to reflect the 
number of days over which interest has accrued). The rate of interest for any interest period will be determined 
by adding the relevant margin to the level of the interest rate benchmark or rate determined using the ISDA 
Definitions, as applicable, for such interest period (or subtracting the relevant margin, if the margin is a negative 
number). The result will be subject to any maximum or minimum rate which may be specified in the Final 
Terms.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
WORKED EXAMPLE: FLOATING RATE NOTES - SCREEN RATE DETERMINATION 
Assuming, for the purpose of this worked example only, that: 
 
the Reference Rate is 6 month EURIBOR; 
 
the margin is plus 2.00 per cent. (2.00%); 
 
the rate of interest is subject to a maximum rate of 7.00 per cent. (7.00%) per annum; 
 
the day count fraction is “Actual/360”, being the actual number of calendar days in the interest period, 
divided by a year (assumed under this convention to be 360 days); and 
 
the actual number of calendar days in the interest period is 181, 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate on the relevant Interest Determination Date is shown on the Relevant Screen 
Page as 2.10 per cent. (2.10%), the interest amount payable on the corresponding interest payment 
date will be equal to €20.61 (rounded to two decimal places). This figure is calculated as €1,000 × 
rate of interest of 4.10% (or 0.041) × day count fraction of 181/360. The rate of interest (4.10%) is 
calculated as the Reference Rate of 2.10% (or 0.021) plus 2.00% (or 0.02) margin, and is not 
affected by the maximum rate of interest; and 
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate on the relevant Interest Determination Date is shown on the Relevant Screen 
Page as 6.16 per cent. (6.16%), the interest amount payable on the corresponding interest payment 
date will be equal to €35.19 (rounded to two decimal places). This figure is calculated as €1,000 × 
rate of interest of 7.00% (or 0.07) × day count fraction of 181/360. The rate of interest (7.00%) is 
set as the maximum rate of interest because the Reference Rate of 6.16% (or 0.0616) plus 2.00% 
(or 0.02) margin, results in a rate of 8.16%. In this scenario, the rate of interest is capped at 7.00%. 
 
WORKED EXAMPLE: FLOATING RATE NOTES - ISDA DETERMINATION 
Assuming, for the purpose of this worked example only, that: 
 
the Floating Rate Option is EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters; 
 
the Designated Maturity is 6 months; 
 
the margin is plus 1.50 per cent. (1.5%); 
 
the rate of interest is subject to a maximum rate of 6.00 per cent. (6.00%) per annum; 
 
the ISDA Definitions on which the hypothetical swap transaction will be based are the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions; 
 
the day count fraction is “Actual/360”, being the actual number of calendar days in the interest period, 
divided by a year (assumed under this convention to be 360 days); and 
 
the actual number of calendar days in the interest period is 181, 
(i) 
if the floating rate for the hypothetical swap transaction would be determined on the relevant 
Reset Date as 2.40 per cent. (2.40%) on the basis of EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the 
2006 ISDA Definitions) for the Designated Maturity, the interest amount payable on the 
corresponding interest payment date will be equal to €19.61 (rounded to two decimal places). This 
figure is calculated as €1,000 × rate of interest of 3.90% (or 0.039) × day count fraction of 181/360.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
The rate of interest (3.90%) is calculated as the floating rate of 2.40% (or 0.024) plus 1.50% (or 
0.015) margin, and is not affected by the maximum rate of interest; and 
(ii) 
if the floating rate for the hypothetical swap transaction would be determined on the relevant 
Reset Date as 5.40 per cent. (5.40%) on the basis of EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the 
2006 ISDA Definitions) for the Designated Maturity, the interest amount payable on the 
corresponding interest payment date will be equal to €30.17 (rounded to two decimal places). This 
figure is calculated as €1,000 × rate of interest of 6.00% (or 0.06) × day count fraction of 181/360. 
The rate of interest (6.00%) is set as the maximum rate of interest because the floating rate of 
5.40% (or 0.054) plus 1.50% (or 0.015) margin, results in a rate of 6.90%. In this scenario, the rate 
of interest is capped at 6.00%. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
No amount of interest will accrue or become payable on Zero Coupon Notes. Zero Coupon Notes are generally 
issued at discounted issue price (such as 95%) to their principal or final redemption amount and then repaid at 
their full amount (100%) or the relevant premium, as the case may be. Therefore, if you purchase Zero Coupon 
Notes on their issue date and hold them to maturity, your return will be the difference between the issue price 
and the principal or final redemption amount of the Zero Coupon Notes paid on maturity. 
WORKED EXAMPLE: ZERO COUPON NOTES 
Assuming, for the purpose of this worked example only, that the Zero Coupon Notes are issued in a 
principal amount of €1,000 at a discounted issue price of 95%. An investor will pay €950 to purchase a 
Note but on maturity will be repaid €1,000. The investor will not receive any interest on the Note but will 
earn €50 as a result of holding the Note to maturity. 
Redemption 
Redemption at maturity 
All of the Notes to be issued under the Programme will be principal protected. This means that, provided you 
hold the Notes until maturity, the amount you receive when the Notes mature will at least equal your initial 
investment. Unless your Notes are redeemed early (as described below) or are purchased and cancelled, if you 
purchased €1,000 in principal amount of the Notes, you will receive €1,000 from the relevant Issuer on the 
maturity date of the Notes. This is known as redemption at par. In such circumstances, the “Final Redemption 
Amount” will be shown in the relevant Final Terms as “Par” or “€1,000 per Calculation Amount”. The 
Calculation Amount is a notional amount which is used to calculate interest and redemption amounts on the 
Notes. It is identified in the Final Terms in paragraph 6(b) and, for the purposes of this example, is assumed to 
be €1,000. 
Call Options 
A call option gives the relevant Issuer the right to redeem the Notes before the final maturity date at a 
predetermined cash price on a specified date(s). If the Notes are redeemed, you will be paid the redemption 
amount specified in the Final Terms plus any accrued but unpaid interest. The Issuer is given the right to redeem 
the Notes in certain circumstances for tax reasons, as described in Condition 6(b) (Redemption for Tax Reasons), 
if Issuer Maturity Par Call is specified to be applicable in the Final Terms relating to the Notes, during the 
period of 90 days prior to the final maturity date as described in Condition 6(e) (Issuer Maturity Par Call) and, 
if Issuer Clean-up Call is specified to be applicable in the Final Terms relating to the Notes, if at any time after 
the relevant Issue Date 75 per cent. or more of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes originally issued 
has been purchased by the relevant Issuer or any of its subsidiaries (other than subsidiaries organised in or under

--- Page 60 ---
60 
the laws of the United States) and cancelled as described in Condition 6(g) (Issuer Clean-up Call). The terms 
of any other call options will be set out in the Final Terms. 
Following the exercise by the relevant Issuer of a call option, in respect of each Note, as well as any accrued 
but unpaid interest, you will receive an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount specified in the Final 
Terms (in the case of a Redemption for Tax Reasons), the Final Redemption Amount specified in the Final 
Terms (in the case of Issuer Maturity Par Call) or the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the Final Terms 
(in the case of any other call option). 
If the Optional Redemption Amount in respect of a Note is specified in the Final Terms as being the Special 
Redemption Amount, you will receive an amount calculated with reference to the then current yield of a 
benchmark government security (such as a UK gilt, a U.S. Treasury or a German bund), as adjusted to reflect 
the difference in creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer and the relevant government. The Special Redemption 
Amount is intended to produce an amount that, if reinvested in the government security, would continue to give 
you a yield on the money you originally invested equivalent to the yield that you would have received if the 
Notes had not been redeemed by the relevant Issuer. 
Put Options 
A put option gives you the right to require the relevant Issuer to redeem one or more of your Notes before the 
final maturity date at a predetermined cash price on a specified date(s). If you elect to exercise the put option 
in respect of one or more of your Notes, you will be paid the redemption amount specified in the Final Terms 
plus any accrued but unpaid interest. Notes that are not sold shall continue until the final maturity date. 
You will also have the right to require the relevant Issuer to redeem one or more of your Notes in the event that 
the Guarantor shall cease to own, directly or indirectly, at least 51 per cent. of the outstanding voting stock or 
share capital, as the case may be, of the relevant Issuer. The terms of any additional put options will be set out 
in the Final Terms. 
Following the exercise by you of a put option, in respect of that Note, as well as any accrued but unpaid interest, 
you will receive an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount specified in the Final Terms (in the case of 
a Redemption on change of ownership of the Issuer) or the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the Final 
Terms (in the case of any other put option).

--- Page 61 ---
61 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents (excluding all information incorporated by reference in any such documents 
either expressly or implicitly and excluding any information or statements included therein either expressly or 
implicitly that is or might be considered to be forward-looking) which have previously been published or are 
provided simultaneously with this Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF shall be deemed to be 
incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Prospectus: 
(i) 
the financial statements of the Guarantor and the consolidated financial statements of the Nestlé Group 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (including the following information set out in such 
financial statements of the Guarantor and such consolidated financial statements of the Nestlé Group) 
available at https://www.nestle.com/sites/default/files/2023-02/2022-financial-statements-en.pdf: 
(a) 
Consolidated: 
Consolidated income statement 
Page 72 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
Page 73 
Consolidated balance sheet 
Pages 74-75 
Consolidated cash flow statement 
Page 76 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
Page 77 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 79-155 
Companies of the Nestlé Group, joint arrangements and associates 
Pages 156-173 
Report of the statutory auditor. Report on the audit of the consolidated 
financial statements 
Pages 174-183 
(b) 
Non-consolidated: 
Income statement 
Page 189 
Balance sheet 
Page 190 
Notes to the annual accounts 
Pages 191-199 
Report of the statutory auditor. Report on the audit of the financial 
statements 
Pages 202-204 
The consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor comply with International Financial Reporting 
Standards (“IFRS”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and with Swiss law 
and the non-consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor have been prepared in accordance with 
accounting principles required by Swiss law (32nd title of the Swiss Code of Obligations); 
(ii) 
the financial statements of the Guarantor and the consolidated financial statements of the Nestlé Group 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 (including the following information set out in such 
financial statements of the Guarantor and such consolidated financial statements of the Nestlé Group) 
available at https://www.nestle.com/sites/default/files/2022-02/2021-financial-statements-en.pdf: 
(a) 
Consolidated: 
Consolidated income statement 
Page 70 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
Page 71 
Consolidated balance sheet 
Pages 72-73

--- Page 62 ---
62 
Consolidated cash flow statement 
Page 74 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
Page 75 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 77-152 
Companies of the Nestlé Group, joint arrangements and associates 
Statutory auditor’s report on the audit of the consolidated financial 
statements 
Pages 154-170 
Pages 171-179 
(b) 
Non-consolidated: 
Income statement 
Page 185 
Balance sheet 
Page 186 
Notes to the annual accounts 
Pages 187-195 
Report of the statutory auditor on the financial statements 
Pages 198-199 
The consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor comply with International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and with Swiss law 
and the non-consolidated annual accounts of the Guarantor have been prepared in accordance with 
accounting principles required by Swiss law (32nd title of the Swiss Code of Obligations); 
(iii) 
the Guarantor’s Annual Review 2022 of the Nestlé Group for the financial year ended 31 December 
2022 (including the following information set out in such Annual Review 2022 of the Nestlé Group) 
available at https://www.nestle.com/sites/default/files/2023-03/2022-annual-review-en.pdf: 
Financial review 
Pages 44-67 
Corporate governance and compliance 
Pages 68-74 
(iv) 
the Annual Financial Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 of NHI and its subsidiaries 
(including the following information set out in such Annual Financial Report) available at 
https://www.nestle.com/sites/default/files/2023-03/549300EAEU8YV8MQXP30-2022-12-31.pdf: 
Report of Independent Auditors 
Pages 10-14 
Consolidated income statement 
Page 16 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
Page 17 
Consolidated balance sheet 
Pages 18-19 
Consolidated cash flow statement 
Page 20 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
Page 21 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 22-72 
The consolidated financial statements comply with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) 
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB); 
(v) 
the Annual Financial Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 of NHI and its subsidiaries 
(including the following information set out in such Annual Financial Report) available at 
https://www.nestle.com/sites/default/files/2022-03/nestle-holdings-inc-fullyear-financial-report-2021-
en.pdf: 
Report of Independent Auditors 
Pages 9-13 
Consolidated income statement 
Page 14

--- Page 63 ---
63 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
Page 15 
Consolidated balance sheet 
Pages 16-17 
Consolidated cash flow statement 
Page 18 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
Page 19 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 20-71 
The consolidated financial statements comply with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) 
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB); 
(vi) 
the Annual Financial Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 of NFI (including the 
following 
information 
set 
out 
in 
such 
Annual 
Financial 
Report) 
available 
at 
https://www.nestle.com/sites/default/files/2023-03/nestle-finance-international-ltd-fullyear-financial-
report-2022-en.pdf: 
Independent auditors’ report 
Pages 6-10 
Balance sheet 
Page 12 
Income statement 
Page 13 
Statement of comprehensive (loss) / income 
Page 14 
Statement of changes in equity 
Page 14 
Cash flows statement 
Page 15 
Notes to the financial statements 
Pages 16-34 
The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and with the 
interpretations issued by the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) as 
adopted by the European Union as well as with the laws and regulations in force in the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg; 
(vii) 
the Annual Financial Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 of NFI (including the 
following 
information 
set 
out 
in 
such 
Annual 
Financial 
Report) 
available 
at 
https://www.nestle.com/sites/default/files/2022-03/nestle-finance-international-ltd-fullyear-financial-
report-2021-en.pdf: 
Independent auditors’ report 
Pages 6-11 
Balance sheet 
Page 13 
Income statement 
Page 14 
Statement of comprehensive (loss) / income 
Page 15 
Statement of changes in equity 
Page 15 
Cash flows statement 
Page 16 
Notes to the financial statements 
Pages 17-35 
The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and with the 
interpretations issued by the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) as 
adopted by the European Union as well as with the laws and regulations in force in the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg;

--- Page 64 ---
64 
(viii) the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 80-117 of the prospectus dated 30 May 2022 available at 
https://www.nestle.com/sites/default/files/2022-05/base-prospectus-may-2022.pdf; 
(ix) 
the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 79-115 of the prospectus dated 28 May 2021 available at 
https://www.nestle.com/sites/default/files/2021-05/base-prospectus-may-2021.pdf; 
(x) 
the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 84-121 of the prospectus dated 29 May 2020 available at 
https://www.nestle.com/sites/default/files/2020-06/base-prospectus-may-2020.pdf; 
(xi) 
the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 87-118 of the prospectus dated 6 June 2019 available at 
https://www.nestle.com/sites/default/files/2020-05/a41582821-nestle-dip-6-june-2019.pdf; 
(xii) 
the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 72-102 of the prospectus dated 19 May 2017 available at 
https://www.nestle.com/sites/default/files/2020-05/a41568856-nestle-dip-19-may-2017.pdf; 
(xiii) the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 64-95 of the prospectus dated 23 May 2016 available at 
https://www.nestle.com/sites/default/files/2020-05/a41568858-nestle-dip-23-may-2016.pdf; 
(xiv) the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 64-95 of the prospectus dated 29 May 2015 available at 
https://www.nestle.com/sites/default/files/2020-05/a41568857-nestle-dip-29-may-2015.pdf; 
(xv) 
the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 48-77 of the prospectus dated 21 May 2014 available at 
https://www.nestle.com/sites/default/files/2020-05/a41582822-nestle-dip-21-may-2014.pdf; 
(xvi) the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 45-73 of the prospectus dated 23 May 2013 available at 
https://www.nestle.com/sites/default/files/2020-05/a41568855-nestle-dip-23-may-2013.pdf; and 
(xvii) the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 32-63 of the prospectus dated 10 May 2012 available at 
https://www.nestle.com/sites/default/files/2020-05/a41568859-nestle-dip-10-may-2012.pdf, 
save that any statement contained herein or in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be 
deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained 
in any document which is subsequently incorporated by reference herein by way of a supplement prepared in 
accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so 
modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus. 
Any information which is not contained within the page numbers of the documents specified in 
paragraphs (i) to (xvii) above is not incorporated by reference in this Prospectus and is either not relevant to 
investors or is covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
The audited consolidated financial statements of NHI do not comply with U.S. generally accepted 
accounting principles and are not meant for distribution in the U.S. or to be used for investment purposes by 
U.S. investors. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus are available on the website of the 
Nestlé Group at https://www.nestle.com/investors/bonds/investorbonds/debt-issuance-program-documents or 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at http://www.luxse.com, as applicable. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any 
Notes, prepare a supplement to this Prospectus or publish a new Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor have undertaken to the Dealers in the Programme Agreement (as defined 
in “Subscription and Sale”) to comply with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
The Guarantor’s Annual Review 2022 of the Nestlé Group for the financial year ended 31 December 
2022 contains certain financial performance measures, that are not defined by IFRS, that are used by the 
Guarantor to assess the financial and operational performance of the Nestlé Group. The Guarantor believes that 
these non-IFRS financial performance measures provide useful information regarding the Nestlé Group’s 
business, and Nestlé Group’s management considers these measures when analysing Nestlé Group’s financial 
and operating performance. However, these measures should not be considered indications of, or alternatives 
to, corresponding measures determined in accordance with IFRS. In addition, such measures may not be 
comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. Such measures are disclosed, explained and/or 
reconciled with the Guarantor’s IFRS measures as appropriate. 
“Organic Growth” combines Real Internal Growth and Pricing and represents the growth of the 
business of Nestlé Group after removing the impact of acquisitions and divestitures and other changes in the 
Nestlé Group’s scope of activity, and exchange rate movements. This provides a “like-for-like” comparison 
with the previous year, in constant scope and constant currency, enabling deeper understanding of the business 
dynamics which contributed to the Evolution of sales from one year to another. 
In order to limit the distorting effect of hyperinflation, pricing in excess of around 2 per cent. per month 
(the level at which hyperinflation generally occurs) are excluded from Organic Growth calculations in 
hyperinflationary economies, with a corresponding adjustment in changes in exchange rates.  
In addition, Venezuela and, since 1 January 2022, Nestlé Russia Region businesses (Russian Federation, 
Belarus, and countries managed by and highly dependent on Nestlé Russia (Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Georgia, 
Armenia, Azerbaijan, Turkmenistan, Tajikistan, Kirghizstan, and Mongolia)), are excluded from Organic 
Growth to remove the distorting effect on the like-for-like comparison due to limited freedom to operate in 
these extreme business environments. Corresponding impacts are recorded in the “effect of exchange rates” and 
“effect of acquisitions, divestitures and other changes in Nestlé Group scope activity”. 
The increases or decreases in sales of an acquired business compared to its historical baseline are 
included in Organic Growth immediately following the business combination, unless a reliable baseline for the 
12 months prior to acquisition cannot be established, in which case all sales during the first 12 months of the 
acquisition are excluded from Organic Growth. 
Sales of a divested business are removed from comparatives for the 12 months prior to the divestiture. 
Sales made under supply agreements related to the divested business are included in acquisitions and 
divestitures during a transitory period. The pricing impact of changes in the way that a business is transacted in 
an entire country (for example, establishing a local operating company instead of exporting to a distributor, or 
vice versa) are included in acquisitions and divestitures, respectively. 
The effects of changes in foreign exchange rates are calculated as the current year’s sales values 
converted at the current year’s exchange rates, less the current year’s sales converted at the prior year’s rates. 
“Real Internal Growth” represents the impact on sales of volume increases or decreases, weighted by 
the relative value per unit sold. It is calculated at the level of the individual product reference (stock-keeping 
unit) per distribution channel, by comparing the weighted sales (this year’s volumes valued at the prior year’s 
prices in local currency) to the prior year’s sales. At the product level, it is therefore primarily driven by changes 
in volume, while when aggregated at Operating segments or Nestlé Group level, it embeds the impact of the 
evolution of the product mix. 
Sales of newly launched products are included from the moment of launch which tends to increase the 
Real Internal Growth, while products which are discontinued have a negative impact on Real Internal Growth 
since the historical sales continue to be included in the prior year comparatives. This reflects in a balanced way 
the impacts of renovation and innovation and the impact on sales coming from ongoing product rationalisation

--- Page 66 ---
66 
efforts. In hyperinflationary economies, the sales of newly launched products are deflated to the price level of 
the prior year. 
As Real Internal Growth is a component of Organic Growth, it excludes the impact of changes in 
exchange rates and of acquisitions and divestitures (as described above). 
“Pricing” is part of Organic Growth and represents the portion of sales growth caused by changes in 
prices over the period. It excludes the impact of Real Internal Growth, as well as the impact of acquisitions and 
divestitures, and exchange rates. 
Analysing Pricing allows Nestlé Group’s management to assess the degree to which inflationary (but 
not hyperinflation, see Organic Growth above) or deflationary factors have contributed to sales evolution, and 
the degree to which cost changes have been passed to customers. 
“Evolution of sales” Nestlé Group uses Organic Growth (including Real Internal Growth and Pricing), 
exchange rate impacts, and the effects of acquisitions and divestitures in order to understand the Evolution of 
sales from one year to the prior year (either the increase or the decrease in the current year’s sales compared 
with the prior year’s sales, expressed as a percentage). 
Total Nestlé Group 
 
2022 
2021 
Sales (CHF in millions) ................................................................................ 
94,424  
87,088  
Evolution of sales (as a percentage comparison to the prior year’s sales) .... 
+8.4%  
+3.3%  
 
The reconciliation between Organic Growth (including Real Internal Growth and Pricing) to the total 
Evolution of sales is as follows: 
Total Nestlé Group 
 
2022 vs 2021 
2021 vs 2020 
 
 
(%) 
 
(%) 
 
Real Internal Growth..................................................................................... 
+0.1  
+5.5  
Pricing ........................................................................................................... 
+8.2  
+2.0  
Organic Growth .......................................................................................... 
+8.3  
+7.5  
Effect of exchange rates ................................................................................ 
-0.9  
-1.3  
Effect of acquisitions, divestitures and other changes in Nestlé 
Group scope of activity ................................................................................. 
+1.1  
-2.9  
Evolution of sales ........................................................................................ 
+8.4  
+3.3  
 
“Underlying Trading operating profit margin” is when Underlying Trading operating profit is 
calculated as a percentage of sales. Underlying Trading operating profit is Trading operating profit before the 
impact of Other trading expenses and Other trading income (mainly restructuring costs, impairment of property, 
plant and equipment, and litigation and onerous contracts). See note 4, page 96 of the consolidated financial 
statements of the Nestlé Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 incorporated in, and forming 
part of, this Prospectus for more details of Other trading expenses and Other trading income. 
The exclusion of these items allows tracking and better understanding and prediction of the results due 
to the day-to-day trading activities under the control of the operational management in the business units. It 
excludes the impacts of decisions (such as factory closures, disposal of a piece of real estate, or restructuring 
plans) made in conjunction with Zone or Globally Managed Business management, or litigations and disputes

--- Page 67 ---
67 
or events which distort the underlying performance due to their frequency or the unpredictability of the 
outcome. 
The reconciliation of Underlying Trading operating profit to Trading operating profit is as follows: 
Total Nestlé Group 
(CHF in millions, except for Underlying Trading operating profit margin)  
2022  
2021  
Trading operating profit ............................................................................. 
13,195  
12,159  
Add: 
 
  
  
Other trading income ................................................................................ 
(107)  
(171)  
Other trading expenses .............................................................................. 
3,015  
3,131  
Underlying Trading operating profit ......................................................... 
16,103  
15,119  
Sales .............................................................................................................. 
94,424  
87,088  
Underlying Trading operating profit margin ........................................... 
17.1%  
17.4%  
 
“Trading operating profit margin” is when Trading operating profit is calculated as a percentage of 
Sales. Trading operating profit is a sub-total in the Nestlé Group’s consolidated income statement, appearing 
above Operating profit. It excludes Other operating income and Other operating expenses. The items excluded 
from Trading operating profit represent the results of transactions and decisions taken at Nestlé Group level that 
are largely out of control of management of the operating segments (such as acquisitions, disposals or strategic 
alliances), or the impacts of events which are irregular in nature and difficult to predict (such as wars or natural 
disasters). 
“Profit margins in constant currency” such as “Underlying Trading operating profit margin in constant 
currency” and “Trading operating profit margin in constant currency” are calculated as the ratio between profits 
and Sales, adjusted to eliminate the impact of changes in exchange rates. 
When comparing the year-on-year change in profit margins, it is useful to eliminate the impact of 
changes in exchange rates in order to isolate the results generated by business operations from the effect of 
translation of these results into Swiss francs. This is done by converting both Sales and profits of the current 
year at the exchange rate of the prior year. The resulting profit margins can therefore be compared with the 
reported profit margins of the prior year to understand fundamental business trends. 
The reconciliation of profit margins in constant currency is as follows: 
Total Nestlé Group 
(CHF in millions, except for Underlying Trading operating profit margin 
and Trading operating profit margin) 
2022  
2021  
Sales .............................................................................................................. 
94,424  
87,088  
Retranslation at prior year rates .................................................................... 
192  
859  
Sales in constant currency .......................................................................... 
94,616  
87,947  
Underlying Trading operating profit ......................................................... 
16,103  
15,119  
Retranslation at prior year rates .................................................................... 
(2)  
154  
Underlying Trading operating profit in constant currency ..................... 
16,101  
15,273  
Underlying Trading operating profit margin (as reported)..................... 
17.1%  
17.4%

--- Page 68 ---
68 
Total Nestlé Group 
(CHF in millions, except for Underlying Trading operating profit margin 
and Trading operating profit margin) 
2022  
2021  
Reported evolution (in basis points) ............................................................. 
-30 bps  
-30 bps  
Underlying Trading operating profit margin in constant currency ........ 
17.0%  
17.4%  
Evolution in basis points compared to prior year as reported Underlying 
Trading operating profit margin .................................................................... 
-40 bps  
-30 bps  
Trading operating profit ............................................................................. 
13,195  
12,159  
Retranslation at prior year rates .................................................................... 
84  
143  
Trading operating profit in constant currency ......................................... 
13,279  
12,302  
Trading operating profit margin (as reported) ......................................... 
14.0%  
14.0%  
Reported evolution (in basis points) ............................................................. 
+0 bps  
-290 bps  
Trading operating profit margin in constant currency ............................ 
14.0%  
14.0%  
Evolution in basis points compared to prior year as reported Trading 
operating profit margin ................................................................................. 
+0 bps  
-290 bps  
 
“Underlying earnings per share” is calculated by adjusting Net profit attributable to shareholders of 
the parent to remove the effects of Other trading income and Other trading expenses, Other operating income 
and Other operating expenses, and related tax effects. An adjustment is also made to eliminate Other trading 
income and Other trading expenses and Other operating income and Other operating expenses included in the 
Income from associates and joint ventures. Underlying earnings per share reflects the underlying earnings from 
trading operations for each share of the Guarantor. 
“Underlying earnings per share in constant currency” is used when comparing the year-on-year 
change in Underlying earnings per share to eliminate the impact of changes in exchange rates in order to isolate 
the results generated by business operations from the effect of translation of these results into Swiss francs. This 
is done by converting the Underlying earnings per share of the current year at the exchange rate of the prior 
year. The resulting figure can therefore be compared with the Underlying earnings per share of the prior year 
to understand fundamental business trends. 
The reconciliation of Net profit and Underlying earnings per share to Underlying earnings per share in 
constant currency is as follows: 
Total Nestlé Group 
(CHF in millions, except for data per share or number of shares and 
Evolution) 
 
2022  
2021  
Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent ..............................  
9,270  
16,905  
Add: 
 
 
 
Restructuring costs ...................................................................................  
273  
311  
Impairment of property, plant and equipment, goodwill and intangible 
assets ........................................................................................................  
2,726  
2,614  
Net result of disposal of businesses ..........................................................  
79  
(235)  
Other adjustments in net other income/(expenses) ...................................  
699  
750

--- Page 69 ---
69 
Total Nestlé Group 
(CHF in millions, except for data per share or number of shares and 
Evolution) 
 
2022  
2021  
Adjustment for income from associates and joint ventures  .....................  
391  
(7,270)  
Tax effect on above items and adjustment of one-off tax items ...............  
(418)  
(684)  
Adjustment in non-controlling interests  ..................................................  
(32)  
(57)  
Underlying net profit .................................................................................  
12,988  
12,334  
Retranslation at prior year rates ...................................................................  
117  
87  
Underlying net profit in constant currency .............................................  
13,105  
12,421  
Weighted average number of shares outstanding (in millions of shares) .....  
2,707  
2,788  
Underlying earnings per share (as reported) ...........................................  
4.80  
4.42  
Underlying earnings per share in constant currency ..............................  
4.84  
4.46  
Evolution in % compared to prior year as reported Underlying earnings 
per share (unrounded) ..................................................................................  
+9.4%  
+5.8%  
 
“Net financial debt” represents the net level of financial debt contracted by the Nestlé Group with 
external parties (for example, bonds, commercial paper) after considering cash and investments readily 
convertible into cash. As per the table below, it is composed of the current and non-current financial debt, 
derivatives hedging financial debt and liquid assets less cash and cash equivalent and short-term investments.  
The composition of the Net financial debt is as follows: 
Total Nestlé Group 
(CHF in millions) 
 
2022  
2021  
Current financial debt ................................................................................... 
(10,892)  
(10,092)  
Non-current financial debt ............................................................................ 
(43,420)  
(36,482)  
Derivatives (a) ................................................................................................ 
(534)  
(338)  
Cash and cash equivalents ............................................................................ 
5,511  
6,988  
Short-term investments ................................................................................. 
1,176  
7,007  
Net financial debt .....................................................................................   
(48,159)  
(32,917)  
 (a) Related to Net debt and included in Derivative assets and Derivative liabilities balances of the Consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 
See note 16.5, page 147 of the consolidated financial statements of the Nestlé Group for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2022 incorporated in, and forming part of, this Prospectus for more details on the 
composition of the Net financial debt and a reconciliation of the year-on-year Net financial debt evolution. See 
note 12.2e, page 139 of the consolidated financial statements of the Nestlé Group for the financial year ended 
31 December 2022 incorporated in, and forming part of, this Prospectus for more details on the monitoring of 
the Net financial debt.  
“Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortisation” (“Adjusted EBITDA”) 
is used as a measure of the ability of the Nestlé Group to generate enough cash from earnings to repay its net 
financial debt. It is computed as follows:

--- Page 70 ---
70 
Total Nestlé Group 
(CHF in millions) 
 
2022  
2021  
Trading operating profit ............................................................................. 
13,195  
12,159  
Add: 
 
  
  
Net other trading income/(expenses) ......................................................... 
2,908  
2,960  
Depreciation and amortisation .................................................................. 
3,541  
3,440  
Adjusted EBITDA ....................................................................................... 
19,644  
18,559  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
When Net financial debt is divided by Adjusted EBITDA, this yields a ratio which is used to monitor 
the Nestlé Group’s financing capacity. 
“Free cash flow” represents the cash generating capability of the Nestlé Group to pay dividends, repay 
providers of capital, or carry out acquisitions, if any. As per the table below, it equals Operating cash flow less 
capital expenditure, expenditure on intangible assets and other investing activities. 
Reconciliation of Operating cash flow to Free cash flow for the year is as follows: 
Total Nestlé Group 
(CHF in millions) 
 
2022  
2021  
Operating cash flow ...................................................................................... 
11,907  
13,864  
Capital expenditure ....................................................................................... 
(5,095)  
(4,880)  
Expenditure on intangible assets ................................................................... 
(266)  
(461)  
Other investing activities .............................................................................. 
24  
192  
Free cash flow .............................................................................................. 
6,570  
8,715  
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Working capital” is the sum of trade net working capital, composed of Inventories, Trade receivables 
and Trade payables, and other components such as some Other receivables and Other payables, some 
prepayments and some accruals. The Nestlé Group monitors average Working capital to evaluate how efficient 
it is at managing its operating cash conversion cycle. The average of Working capital for the last five quarters 
is divided by sales for the 12 months immediately preceding the reporting date to determine the average 
Working capital as a percentage of sales.  
The average Working capital as a percentage of sales is determined as follows: 
Total Nestlé Group 
(CHF in millions) 
 
5-quarters
average
2022  
5-quarters
average
2021  
Trade receivables .......................................................................................... 
8,958  
8,457  
Inventories .................................................................................................... 
14,276  
11,420  
Trade payables .............................................................................................. 
(15,822)  
(14,347)  
Average Trade Working capital ................................................................. 
7,412  
5,530  
Other receivables .......................................................................................... 
2,467  
2,691

--- Page 71 ---
71 
Total Nestlé Group 
(CHF in millions) 
 
5-quarters
average
2022  
5-quarters
average
2021  
Other payables .............................................................................................. 
(4,022)  
(3,961)  
Other elements of Working capital (a) ............................................................ 
(4,041)  
(4,196)  
Average of other elements of Working capital .......................................... 
(5,596)  
(5,466)  
Average of Working capital ........................................................................ 
1,816  
64  
Sales .............................................................................................................. 
94,424  
87,088  
Average Working capital as a % of Sales .................................................. 
1.9%  
0.1%  
 
 
 (a) Mainly composed of prepayments (assets) and accruals (liabilities). 
 
 
“Return on invested capital (“ROIC”)” is a measure of performance which integrates both measures 
of profitability and measures of capital efficiency. The numerator is Trading operating profit before litigation 
and miscellaneous trading income/(expenses), net of tax. This figure is divided by average Invested capital 
during the year. Invested capital is a measure of the operational assets used to generate the results of the 
business, excluding financing, tax and cash-management activities. Further details of the definition of Invested 
capital can be found in note 3, page 87 of the consolidated financial statements of the Nestlé Group for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2022 incorporated in, and forming part of, this Prospectus. 
“Return on invested capital before Goodwill (“GW”) and Intangible Assets (“IA”)” is used to 
eliminate the distortions caused by the different treatments of goodwill in the past and internally and externally 
generated intangible assets. This removes from the analysis the impact of varying acquisition activities over 
time. This measure is calculated by removing the average goodwill and intangible assets value from the average 
invested capital (see above). 
The calculation of Return on invested capital is shown below: 
Total Nestlé Group  
(CHF in millions) 
 
2022 
 
2021 
 
 
 
Before 
GW & IA  
After 
GW & IA  
Before 
GW & IA  
After 
GW & IA  
Trading operating profit ........................... 
13,195  
13,195  
12,159  
12,159  
Add: 
 
  
  
  
  
Net other trading income/(expenses) ....... 
2,908  
2,908  
2,960  
2,960  
Underlying Trading operating profit ....... 
16,103  
16,103  
15,119  
15,119  
Less: 
 
  
  
  
  
Impairment of property, plant and
equipment ................................................ 
(403)  
(403)  
(344)  
(344)  
Restructuring costs .................................. 
(273)  
(273)  
(311)  
(311)  
Impairment 
of 
intangible 
assets
(excluding 
goodwill 
and 
non-
commercialised intangible assets) ........... 
  
(1,687)  
  
(1,749)

--- Page 72 ---
72 
Total Nestlé Group  
(CHF in millions) 
 
2022 
 
2021 
 
Impairment of goodwill and non-
commercialised intangible assets ............ 
  
(636)  
  
(521)  
Trading operating profit before litigation
and 
miscellaneous 
trading 
income/
(expenses) ................................................... 
15,427  
13,104  
14,464  
12,194  
Tax rate (a) .............................................. 
(3,224)  
(2,739)  
(2,994)  
(2,524)  
Trading operating profit before litigation
and 
miscellaneous 
trading 
income/
(expenses), net of tax.................................. 
12,203  
10,365  
11,470  
9,670  
Average Invested capital (note 3.2) ............. 
31,000  
31,000  
27,484  
27,484  
Average goodwill and intangible assets
(note 3.2) ..................................................... 
  
53,844  
  
51,966  
Average Invested capital, goodwill and 
intangible assets ........................................   
  
84,844  
  
79,450  
ROIC .......................................................... 
39.4%  
12.2%  
41.7%  
12.2%  
 (a) Based on the Nestlé Group Underlying Tax Rate (UTR) of 20.9% (2021: 20.7%).

--- Page 73 ---
73 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
General 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall have the same 
meanings in this “Form of the Notes”. Notes in bearer form (other than (i) Notes issued by NHI that have an 
initial maturity of 183 days or less (taking into consideration unilateral rights to roll or extend), a minimum 
denomination of U.S.$500,000 (or the equivalent value in any other currency, determined at the spot rate on the 
issue date) and, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, are issued in compliance with the requirements of 
United States Treasury Regulations Section 1.6049-5(b)(10) or (ii) Notes issued by NFI that have a maturity of 
one year or less) constituting a separate identifiable tranche (within the meaning of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act) will initially be represented by a Temporary Global Note which will: 
(a) 
if the global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper 
(the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream”); and 
(b) 
if the global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, 
be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream and/or a nominee for any other relevant clearing system (as applicable). 
Notes with a maturity of more than 183 days (taking into consideration unilateral rights to roll or extend) 
may not be issued in bearer form by NHI. 
Notes (including Registered Notes, as defined and described below) may be issued in a form that permits 
them to be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility. The applicable Final Terms will indicate 
whether or not Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any 
indication in the applicable Final Terms that the Notes are to be so held means that the Notes are to be deposited 
with the Common Safekeeper (and in the case of Registered Notes, registered in the name of a nominee of the 
Common Safekeeper) and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Any indication in the applicable Final Terms that the Notes are not to be so held means that should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting such criteria, 
the Notes may then be deposited with the Common Safekeeper (and in the case of Registered Notes, registered 
in the name of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper) and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life as such recognition depends upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
If the global Note is a NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such global Notes will be 
the aggregate from time to time entered in the records of both Euroclear and Clearstream. The records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream (which expression in such global Note means the records that each of Euroclear and 
Clearstream holds for its customers which reflect the amount of each such customer’s interest in the Notes) will 
be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by such global Note and, for such purposes, 
a statement issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, stating that the nominal amount of Notes represented by 
such global Note at any time will be conclusive evidence of the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream at that 
time, as the case may be. 
Interests in the Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable as described therein either for: 
(i) 
interests in a Permanent Global Note (without interest coupons or talons); or

--- Page 74 ---
74 
(ii) 
security printed definitive Notes, 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) in each case upon receipt by the Issuer or the Agent from 
Euroclear or Clearstream or any other relevant clearing system of the requisite certifications as described under 
“Certifications” below on or after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is a date no earlier than the first day 
which is 40 days after: 
(a) 
completion of the distribution of the relevant Tranche of Notes; and 
(b) the settlement date with respect to such Tranche of Notes, 
provided, however, that the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, extend the Exchange Date for such reasonable 
period of time as the Issuer may deem necessary in order to ensure that the issuance of such identifiable Tranche 
of Notes is exempt from registration under the Securities Act by virtue of Regulation S thereunder. 
Each Permanent Global Note will, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, be exchangeable in whole, 
but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached: (i) at the 
request of the relevant Issuer; (ii) upon the Noteholders instructing Euroclear or Clearstream or any other agreed 
clearing system in which such Permanent Global Note is being held to give at least 60 days’ written notice to 
the Agent, subject to the payment of costs in connection with the printing and distribution of the definitive 
Notes, if specified in the applicable Final Terms; and/or (iii) (free of charge) upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event (as defined below). 
For these purposes “Exchange Event” means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9 
under the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) has occurred and is continuing; (ii) the relevant Issuer has been 
notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, or any other agreed clearing system in which such Permanent 
Global Note is being held, have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have 
in fact done so and, as a result, Euroclear and Clearstream or such other agreed clearing system in which such 
Permanent Global Note is being held are no longer willing or able to discharge properly their responsibilities 
with respect to such Notes and the Agent and the relevant Issuer are unable to locate a qualified successor; or 
(iii) as a result of a change in law after the relevant Issue Date, the relevant Issuer has or will become subject 
to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Global 
Note in definitive form. 
The relevant Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 under the 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes” if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or any other agreed clearing system in which such 
Permanent Global Note is being held (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent 
Global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the relevant Issuer may also give notice to the Agent requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice to the Agent. 
Swiss Notes will be represented exclusively by a Permanent Global Note which will be deposited with 
the relevant intermediary on or prior to the original issue date as described in Condition 1 under the “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”. The permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for definitive Notes only as 
described in Condition 1 under the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". 
Interest, Principal and Other Payments Prior to Exchange Date 
In the case of a Temporary Global Note that provides for payment of any interest, principal or other 
amounts prior to the Exchange Date, a member organisation appearing in the records of Euroclear or

--- Page 75 ---
75 
Clearstream as entitled to a portion of the principal amount of such Temporary Global Note (a “Member 
Organisation”) must provide an Owner Tax Certification (as defined below) to Euroclear or Clearstream, and 
Euroclear or Clearstream must provide to the Issuer and the Agent a certification substantially in the form 
attached as Annex A to the Temporary Global Note (a “Depositary Tax Certification”), in each case, prior to the 
payment of interest or, if applicable, principal. A Depositary Tax Certification may be provided in electronic 
form only if it satisfies the requirements in United States Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D)(3)(ii), as it may be amended or any successor regulation regarding certification requirements for 
foreign targeted bearer notes. Until an Owner Tax Certification is provided by the Member Organisation to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, and the Issuer or the Agent receives from Euroclear or Clearstream a Depositary Tax 
Certification, such Member Organisation will not be entitled to receive any interest or, if applicable, principal 
with respect to its interest in the Temporary Global Note or to exchange its interest therein for a portion of the 
Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes. Prior to the exchange of the Member Organisation’s interest in 
the Temporary Global Note for a portion of the Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes, a Member 
Organisation must also provide the Owner Securities Certification (as defined below), and Euroclear or 
Clearstream must provide to the Issuer or the Agent a certification in the form set out in such Temporary Global 
Note (a “Depositary Securities Certification”). 
Exchange Date Prior to Interest, Principal and Other Payments 
In the case of a Temporary Global Note that does not provide for payment of any interest, principal or 
other amounts prior to the Exchange Date, the Member Organisation must provide to Euroclear or Clearstream 
an Owner Tax Certification and an Owner Securities Certification (which may be combined in one certification 
form), and Euroclear or Clearstream must provide to the Issuer or the Agent a Depositary Tax Certification and 
a Depositary Securities Certification (which may be combined in one certification form). Until the requisite 
certifications are provided by the Member Organisation to Euroclear or Clearstream, and the Issuer or the Agent 
receives from Euroclear or Clearstream the requisite certifications to the Issuer, such Member Organisation 
shall not be entitled to receive any interest or, if applicable, principal with respect to its interest in the Temporary 
Global Note or to exchange its interest in the Temporary Global Note for a portion of the Permanent Global 
Note or for definitive Notes. 
Certifications – Bearer Notes 
As described above, no interest or, if applicable, principal will be paid on any Temporary Global Note 
and no exchange of a Temporary Global Note for a portion of the Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes 
may occur until the beneficial owner, as the person entitled to receive such interest or, if applicable, principal 
or a portion of the Permanent Global Note or definitive Notes, furnishes written certification (the “Owner Tax 
Certification”), substantially in the form attached as Annex B to the Temporary Global Note to the effect that 
such person (i) is not a United States person (as defined under the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended (the “Code”) and the United States Treasury Regulations thereunder), (ii) is a foreign branch of a 
United States financial institution purchasing for its own account or for resale, or is a United States person who 
acquired the Note through such financial institution and who holds the Note through such financial institution 
on the date of the certificate, provided in either case that such financial institution provides a certificate to the 
Issuer or the distributor selling the Note to it stating that it agrees to comply with the requirements of Section 
165(j)(3)(A), (B) or (C) of the Code and the United States Treasury Regulations thereunder, or (iii) is a financial 
institution holding for purposes of resale during the restricted period (as defined in United States Treasury 
Regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(7), as it may be amended or any successor regulation regarding 
certification requirements for foreign targeted bearer notes). A financial institution described in clause (iii) of 
the preceding sentence (whether or not also described in clause (i) or (ii)) must certify that it has not acquired 
the Note for purposes of resale directly or indirectly to a United States person or to a person within the United 
States or its possessions. An Owner Tax Certification may be provided in electronic form only if it satisfies the

--- Page 76 ---
76 
requirements in United States Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(3)(ii), as it may be amended or 
any successor regulation regarding certification requirements for foreign targeted bearer notes. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Owner Tax Certification or a Depositary Tax Certification is not 
required with respect to (i) Notes issued by NFI that have a maturity of one year or less, (ii) Notes issued by 
NHI or (iii) Registered Notes as defined and described below. 
As described above, prior to the exchange of the Member Organisation’s interest in the Temporary 
Global Note for a portion of the Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes, the Member Organisation must 
provide a written certification that the beneficial owner is not a U.S. person or that the beneficial owner acquired 
its interest in a transaction that did not require registration under the Securities Act (an “Owner Securities 
Certification”). For purposes of the Owner Securities Certification, “U.S. person” shall have the meaning set 
forth in Section 902(k) of Regulation S. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) on a Permanent Global Note will be made to or to the order 
of the holder thereof (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Global Note if 
the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) outside the United States and its 
possessions without any requirement for certification. A Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole 
or (provided Euroclear and Clearstream will regard all the Notes of the relevant Series as fungible) in part for 
definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached upon not less than 60 days’ written 
notice (or, in the case of Notes with a maturity of less than 60 days, within a reasonable period of time) to the 
Agent from Euroclear and/or Clearstream (which shall be provided at the request of any beneficial owner of an 
interest in the Permanent Global Note) or, in the case of a Permanent Global Note held otherwise than on behalf 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, from the holder thereof (upon the request of any beneficial owner if such 
person is different from the holder). Permanent Global Notes and definitive Notes will be issued pursuant to 
the Agency Agreement. At present, neither Euroclear nor Clearstream regard Notes in global form as fungible 
with Notes in definitive form. As long as this is the case, it is understood that any holder of a beneficial interest 
in the Permanent Global Note can cause the exchange of all interests in the Permanent Global Note for definitive 
Notes. 
In the event that a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream (or any part thereof) has 
become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions or that the Maturity Date has occurred and 
payment in full of the amount due has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms thereof and the 
Conditions, then the global Note will become void. At the same time accountholders with Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream having such Notes (other than definitive Notes) credited to their accounts will become entitled to 
proceed directly against the Issuer, on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, under the terms of Clause 28 of the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes” below). 
Security Codes 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Agent (as so defined) shall, where Notes are held by or on behalf 
of Euroclear, Clearstream and/or any other relevant clearing system, arrange that, where a further Tranche of 
Notes is issued, the Notes of such Tranche shall be assigned security code numbers by Euroclear, Clearstream 
and/or such other relevant clearing system which are different from the security code numbers assigned to Notes 
of any other Tranche of the same Series until the Exchange Date with respect to the Notes of such Tranche as 
certified by the Agent to the relevant Dealer. 
Legends 
The following legend will appear on all Notes with a maturity of more than one year if issued by NFI, 
other than Registered Notes (as defined and described below) and on all interest coupons and talons relating to 
such Notes attached thereto:

--- Page 77 ---
77 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code.” 
The sections of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 referred to above provide that United States 
holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will 
not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment 
of principal in respect of Notes or interest coupons. 
For United States federal income tax purposes each Temporary Global Note, each Permanent Global 
Note and each definitive Note issued by NHI in bearer form which has an original maturity of 183 days or less 
(taking into consideration unilateral rights to roll or extend), a minimum denomination of U.S.$500,000 (or the 
equivalent value in any other currency, determined at the spot rate on the issue date) and, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, is intended to comply with United States Treasury Regulations Section 1.6049-5(b)(10) 
(or, if the obligation is evidenced by a book entry, appears in the book or record in which the book entry is 
made) will carry the following legend: 
“By accepting this obligation, the holder represents and warrants that it is not a United States person (other than 
an exempt recipient described in section 6049(b)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder) 
and that it is not acting for or on behalf of a United States person (other than an exempt recipient described in 
section 6049(b)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code and the regulations thereunder).” 
Registered Notes 
Notes may be issued in registered form by NHI (“Registered Notes”), subject to applicable laws and 
regulations. Except as described in the following paragraph, each Tranche of Registered Notes will be 
represented on issue by a registered global Note (each a “Registered Global Note”) which will be (a) if the 
applicable Final Terms specify the Registered Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility (being the new safekeeping structure (“NSS”)), deposited on the relevant Issue Date with 
the Common Safekeeper; or (b) if the applicable Final Terms specify the Registered Notes are not intended to 
be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility, deposited on the relevant Issue Date with a 
nominee or a depositary or common depositary for the agreed clearing system(s). Such Registered Global Note 
will not be exchangeable for Registered Notes in definitive form except on an Exchange Event (as that term is 
defined in the Registered Global Note). With respect to each Tranche of Registered Notes, NHI has appointed, 
under the Note Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), a registrar and a 
transfer agent and paying agent and may appoint other or additional transfer agents or paying agents, either 
generally or in respect of a particular Series of Registered Notes. 
Final Terms 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether the Notes will be represented by: 
(i) 
a Temporary Global Note in bearer form without interest coupons or talons which will be deposited with 
a common depositary or, as the case may be, a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream on or 
about the Issue Date or a date as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and that the Temporary Global 
Note is exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note in bearer form on and after the Exchange Date and 
(except for Notes (i) with an initial maturity of 183 days or less (taking into consideration unilateral 
rights to roll or extend), a minimum denomination of U.S.$500,000 (or its equivalent value in any other 
currency, determined at the spot rate on the Issue Date) and specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
intended to comply with United States Treasury Regulations Section 1.6049-5(b)(10) and (ii) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, that have been issued in reliance on the TEFRA C Rules) upon 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; or

--- Page 78 ---
78 
(ii) 
a Temporary Global Note in bearer form without interest coupons or talons which will be deposited with 
a common depositary or, as the case may be, a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream on or 
about the Issue Date or a date as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and that the Temporary Global 
Note is exchangeable for security printed definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date and (except 
for Notes (i) with an initial maturity of 183 days or less (taking into consideration unilateral rights to roll 
or extend), a minimum denomination of U.S.$500,000 (or its equivalent value in any other currency, 
determined at the spot rate on the Issue Date) and specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to 
comply with United States Treasury Regulations Section 1.6049-5(b)(10) and (ii) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, that have been issued in reliance on the TEFRA C Rules) upon certification of 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership; 
(iii) 
a Permanent Global Note in bearer form without interest coupons or talons which will be deposited with 
a common depositary or, as the case may be, a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream on or 
about the Issue Date or a date as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and that the Permanent Global 
Note is exchangeable (free of charge) in whole, but not in part, for security printed definitive Notes 
either (a) at the request of the Issuer; and/or (b) upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event (as defined 
in the Permanent Global Note); and/or (c) upon not less than 60 days’ written notice being given to the 
Agent by the relevant Clearing Systems or any other agreed clearing system acting on the instructions 
of any holder of an interest in the Permanent Global Note; or 
(iv) 
in the case of NHI only, a Registered Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream 
exchangeable (free of charge) for security printed definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event (as 
defined in the Registered Global Note). 
The exchange of a Permanent Global Note for definitive Notes upon notice from Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream (acting on the instructions of any holder) or at any time at the request of the relevant Issuer should 
not be expressed to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms if the Notes are issued with a minimum Specified 
Denomination such as €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) plus one or more higher integral 
multiples of another smaller amount such as €1,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). Furthermore, such 
Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issue of Notes which is to be represented 
on issue by a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive Notes. 
Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the terms and conditions of the Notes to be issued by an Issuer which will be 
incorporated by reference into each global Note and which will be endorsed upon or attached to each definitive 
Note (if any). The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached 
to, each global Note and definitive Note. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued subject to, and with the benefit of (except 
in the case of Registered Notes (as defined below)) an amended and restated Agency Agreement dated 30 May 
2022, as further amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, (the “Agency Agreement”) 
made between, inter alia, the Issuer, Nestlé S.A. as guarantor (the “Guarantor”), Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
as issuing and principal paying agent and, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, as calculation agent (the 
“Agent”, which expression shall include any successor agent or any other calculation agent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the “Paying 
Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
Notes in registered form issued by Nestlé Holdings, Inc. (“Registered Notes”) are issued subject to, and 
with the benefit of, an amended and restated Note Agency Agreement dated 30 May 2022 (the “Note Agency 
Agreement”) and made between Nestlé Holdings, Inc. as Issuer, the Guarantor, Citibank Europe plc as registrar 
(the “Registrar”, which expression shall include any successor registrar) and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as 
a transfer agent and paying agent (the “Transfer Agent”, which expression shall include any additional or 
successor transfer agent or paying agent appointed for Registered Notes). 
References in these Terms and Conditions to the “Issuer” shall be references to the party specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below). References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to 
the Notes of this Series (as defined below) and shall mean (i) in relation to any Notes represented by a global 
Note, units of the lowest Specified Denomination (as defined below) in the Specified Currency (as defined 
below) of the relevant Notes, (ii) definitive Notes issued in exchange (or part exchange) for a temporary global 
Note, a permanent global Note or a global Registered Note and (iii) any global Note. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes in bearer form (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, if indicated in the applicable Final Terms, talons for further 
Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not have Coupons or 
Talons attached on issue. 
Any reference herein to “Noteholders” shall mean the holders of the Notes, and shall, in relation to any 
Notes represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”), be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to “Couponholders” shall 
mean the holders of the Coupons, and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the 
Talons. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed 
to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Final Terms applicable to this Note are attached hereto or endorsed hereon and supplement these 
Terms and Conditions. References herein to the “applicable Final Terms” are to the Final Terms attached hereto 
or endorsed hereon. 
As used herein, “Series” means each original issue of Notes together with any further issues expressed 
to form a single series with the original issue and the terms of which (save for the Issue Date, and/or the amount, 
and/or the date of the first payment of interest thereon, and/or the date from which interest starts to accrue 
and/or the Issue Price, as applicable (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms)) are identical (including

--- Page 80 ---
80 
Maturity Date, Interest Basis, Redemption/Payment Basis and Interest Payment Dates (if any) and whether or 
not the Notes are admitted to trading). As used herein, “Tranche” means all Notes of the same Series with the 
same Issue Date and Interest Commencement Date (if applicable). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement (i) are available at the specified offices of the Agent and each of the 
other Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to 
the Agent or any Paying Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the 
Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be). Copies of the Note Agency Agreement (if the Notes 
are Registered Notes) (i) are available for inspection by holders of Registered Notes at the specified offices of 
the Registrar and the Transfer Agent or (ii) may be provided by email to a holder of Registered Notes following 
their prior written request to the Registrar or the Transfer Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity 
(in a form satisfactory to the Registrar or the Transfer Agent, as the case may be). If the Notes are offered to the 
public in a Member State of the European Economic Area or admitted to trading on the regulated market 
operated by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Final Terms applicable to the Notes are available for viewing 
on the Nestlé Group investor relations website at www.nestle.com/investors and are expected to be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to 
have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the applicable 
Final Terms, which are binding on them. The holders of Registered Notes are deemed to have notice of the Note 
Agency Agreement, which is binding on them. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or (if the Note is a Registered Note) in the 
Note Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in 
these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated. In the event of 
inconsistency between the Agency Agreement, (if the Note is a Registered Note) the Note Agency Agreement 
or the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
A global Note may be exchanged in whole or, in certain circumstances, in part for definitive Notes upon 
request by any holder of an interest therein in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, the provisions of 
the relevant global Note and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
1 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or registered form, as set out in the applicable 
Final Terms and, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the “Specified 
Currency”) and in the denominations (the “Specified Denomination(s)”) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; provided that, Bearer Notes with a maturity of more than 183 days (taking into consideration unilateral 
rights to roll or extend) may not be issued by Nestlé Holdings, Inc. 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
Each Note may be a Note bearing interest on a fixed rate basis (“Fixed Rate Note”), a Note bearing 
interest on a floating rate basis (“Floating Rate Note”), a Note issued on a non-interest bearing basis (“Zero 
Coupon Note”) or any combination of the foregoing, depending upon the interest basis specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Bearer Notes in definitive form are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes 
in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The holder of each 
Coupon, whether or not such Coupon is attached to the Note, in his capacity as such, shall be subject to and 
bound by all the provisions contained in the relevant Note. Subject as set out below, the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and any Paying Agent may deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon as the absolute owner

--- Page 81 ---
81 
thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice to the contrary, including any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of 
any global Bearer Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes are represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream) who is for the time being shown in the records 
of Euroclear or of Clearstream as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream as to the nominal amount of Notes standing 
to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) 
shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any Paying Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes) the Registrar 
and the Transfer Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest on the Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant global 
Bearer Note or registered holder of the global Registered Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
any Paying Agent as the holder of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant global 
Note (and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly). 
Notes which are represented by a global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or of Clearstream, as the case may be. 
Title to Registered Notes passes on due endorsement in the relevant register which Nestlé Holdings, Inc. 
shall procure to be kept by the Registrar. 
Subject as set out above, except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, 
the registered holder of any Registered Note shall be deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute owner of 
such Registered Note for all purposes, whether or not such Registered Note shall be overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing thereon made by anyone and no 
person shall be liable for so treating such registered holder (and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of 
Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
Provisions relating to the transfer of Registered Notes are set out in the Registered Note and the Note 
Agency Agreement. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream shall, whenever the context so permits, except in 
relation to Bearer Notes in new global note (“NGN”) form or Registered Notes intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility (being the new safekeeping structure (“NSS”) and hereinafter 
referred to as “held under the NSS”), be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing 
system approved by the Issuer, the Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes) the Registrar and the Transfer 
Agent. 
Swiss Notes will be represented exclusively by a Permanent Global Note which will be deposited with 
the relevant intermediary on or prior to the original issue date. 
 
No physical delivery of the Notes shall be made unless and until Notes in definitive form shall have been 
printed. The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for definitive Notes in whole but not in part, only if 
the Swiss agent should, after consultation with the Issuer, deem the printing of definitive Notes to be necessary 
or useful or, if the presentation of definitive Notes (with any relevant Coupons attached) is required by Swiss 
or other applicable laws and regulations in connection with the enforcement rights of holders of Notes. Should 
the Swiss agent so determine, it shall provide for the printing of definitive Notes without cost to the holders of 
the Notes. If printed, definitive Notes will be issued and delivered exclusively in registered form for United 
States federal tax purposes whereby, inter alia, title will pass exclusively upon due endorsement in a register 
(the “Swiss Register”) to be established and maintained by a registrar (the “Swiss Registrar”) appointed by the 
Issuer and acting on its behalf after consultation with the Swiss agent. Any issue and delivery of definitive

--- Page 82 ---
82 
Notes will be duly notified to the holders of the Notes in accordance with Condition 14. In no circumstances 
will definitive Notes be issued and delivered in bearer form. If issued and delivered, definitive Notes will be 
issued to each holder of the relevant Notes in respect of its registered holding of such Notes. If definitive Notes 
are issued and delivered, the Swiss Global Note will immediately be cancelled by the Swiss agent and the 
relevant holders registered in the Swiss Register against cancellation of the relevant Notes in such holders 
securities account. Definitive Notes shall not be deposited with the Intermediary and, therefore shall not 
constitute Intermediated Securities. 
As a matter of Swiss law a holder of an interest in the Permanent Global Note retains a quotal co-ownership 
interest (Miteigentumsanteil) in the Permanent Global Note to the extent of the Notes represented by the 
Permanent Global Note in which such person has an interest, provided that for so long as the Permanent Global 
Note remains deposited with an Intermediary, the co-ownership interest shall be suspended and the Notes may 
only be transferred by the entry of the transferred Notes in a securities account of the transferee. 
2 
Status of the Notes and Guarantee 
(a) 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsecured (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 3) and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and rateably without any 
preference among themselves and equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer from time to time outstanding (other than obligations mandatorily preferred by law). 
(b) 
The payment of the principal and interest in respect of each Note has been irrevocably guaranteed by the 
Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee dated the Issue Date (the “Guarantee”) which has been deposited 
for the benefit of the Noteholders and Couponholders with the Agent. Each Guarantee will be in the 
form (subject to completion) scheduled to the Agency Agreement. 
3 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding: 
(a) 
the Issuer will procure that, provided that security upon its assets is neither mandatory pursuant to 
applicable laws nor required as a prerequisite for governmental approvals, no Relevant Indebtedness (as 
defined below) now or hereafter existing of the Issuer and no guarantee or indemnity by the Issuer of 
any Relevant Indebtedness of any Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Issuer will be secured by any 
mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest upon, or with respect to, the whole or any part 
of the present or future revenues or assets of the Issuer unless in any such case the Issuer shall, 
simultaneously with, or prior to, the creation of such security interest, take any and all action necessary 
to procure that all amounts payable under the Notes are secured by such security interest equally and 
rateably or such other security interest is provided for such amounts as is not materially less beneficial 
to the interests of the Noteholders or as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders; and 
(b) 
the Guarantor will procure that, provided that security upon its assets is neither mandatory pursuant to 
applicable laws nor required as a prerequisite for governmental approvals, no Relevant Indebtedness 
now or hereafter existing of the Guarantor and no guarantee or indemnity by the Guarantor of any 
Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer will be secured by any mortgage, 
charge, lien, pledge or other security interest upon, or with respect to, the whole or any part of the present 
or future revenues or assets of the Guarantor unless in any such case the Guarantor shall, simultaneously 
with, or prior to, the creation of such security interest, take any and all action necessary to procure that 
all amounts payable under the Guarantee are secured by such security interest equally and rateably or

--- Page 83 ---
83 
such other security interest is provided for such amounts as is not materially less beneficial to the 
interests of the Noteholders or as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, 
provided that in the event of a merger, amalgamation or consolidation of the Guarantor with another 
company the provisions of this Condition 3(b) shall not apply with regard to any security in respect of 
any Relevant Indebtedness over the assets of that other company which security exists at the time of 
such merger, amalgamation or consolidation (other than any such security created in contemplation 
thereof) and any such security thereafter created by the resulting or surviving entity in substitution for 
the aforesaid security over assets the value of which does not materially exceed the current value of the 
assets subject to such security immediately prior to such merger, amalgamation or consolidation. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3, “Relevant Indebtedness” means any indebtedness now or hereafter 
existing which is in the form of or represented or evidenced by any bonds, notes or other securities which, in 
any such case, are or are capable of being listed on any recognised stock exchange and “Subsidiary” means any 
company of which the Issuer shall own more than 50 per cent. of the outstanding voting stock of such company. 
4 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (or the Issue Date, if no Interest Commencement Date is separately specified) to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) 
of Interest so specified. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year and on 
the Maturity Date so specified if that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. If the Notes are in definitive 
form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, or if the applicable Final Terms specify that a Fixed 
Coupon Amount or Broken Amount(s) applies in the case of Notes represented by a global Note, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) 
such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Payments of 
interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount(s) so specified. Any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount(s) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-
unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) 
an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date or the Issue Date, as the case may be) to (but 
excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or Maturity Date. 
Unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the “Following Business Day Convention” 
will apply to the payment of all Fixed Rate Notes, meaning that if the Interest Payment Date or Maturity Date 
would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day (as defined in Condition 4(b)(i) below), the related 
payment of principal or interest will be made on the next succeeding Business Day as if made on the date such 
payment was due. If the “Modified Following Business Day Convention” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms for any Fixed Rate Note, it shall mean that if the Interest Payment Date or Maturity Date would otherwise 
fall on a day which is not a Business Day (as defined in Condition 4(b)(i) below), the related payment of 
principal or interest will be made on the next succeeding Business Day as if made on the date such payment 
was due unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which event the full amount of payment 
shall be made on the immediately preceding Business Day as if made on the day such payment was due. Unless 
specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest due shall not be changed if payment is 
made on a day other than an Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date as a result of the application of a 
Business Day Convention specified above or other Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
Except in the case of (i) Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) Notes represented by a global Note where the applicable Final 
Terms specify that a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount shall apply, interest shall be calculated in 
respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note, the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such global Note; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of 
the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which 
the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Day Count Fraction” means (unless specified otherwise in the 
applicable Final Terms): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) the 
most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date or Issue Date, 
as applicable) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period (as defined below) during which the Accrual Period ends, 
the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year assuming interest was to be payable 
in respect of the whole of that year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year assuming interest was to be 
payable in respect of the whole of that year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period divided 
by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year assuming interest was to be payable in respect of the whole of that year; 
and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date or 
Issue Date, as applicable) to (but excluding) the next scheduled Interest Payment Date or the Maturity 
Date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) 
divided by 360 and, in the case of an incomplete month, the number of days elapsed; and

--- Page 85 ---
85 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) to (but excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing 
on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (or the Issue Date, if no Interest Commencement Date is separately specified) and 
at the rate equal to the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on the Maturity Date and on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) (each, together with the Maturity Date, an “Interest 
Payment Date”) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with the Maturity Date, an “Interest Payment Date”) 
which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the 
applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date or Issue Date, as applicable. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Terms and Conditions, “Interest 
Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date 
or Issue Date, as applicable) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest 
Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day (as defined below), then, if the 
Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where a Specified Period is specified in accordance with Condition 4(b)(i)(B) above, the 
Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day 
that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) below in this sub-paragraph (1) 
shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is 
a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls within the 
Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; 
or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
each place as is specified in the applicable Final Terms (each an “Additional Business Centre”); 
and 
(B) 
(1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro and Renminbi, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System or any successor 
thereto (the “TARGET2 System”) is open; or (3) in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business and 
settlement of Renminbi payments in Hong Kong. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable 
Final Terms, the principal financial centre of any country for the purpose of these Terms and 
Conditions shall be as provided in the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.) as supplemented, amended and updated as of the first 
Issue Date of the Notes of the relevant Series (the “ISDA Definitions”) (except if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars the principal financial centre shall be 
Sydney and Auckland, respectively). 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) as determined by the Agent (or such 
other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (iii) 
“ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any)” for an Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined under an interest rate swap transaction under 
the terms of an agreement (regardless of any event of default or termination event thereunder) incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions with the holder of the relevant Note and under which: 
(A) 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined is the “Floating Rate Option” as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Issuer is the “Floating Rate Payer”; 
(C) 
the Agent or other person specified in the applicable Final Terms is the “Calculation Agent”; 
(D) 
the Interest Commencement Date is the “Effective Date”; 
(E) 
the Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes is the “Notional Amount”; 
(F) 
the relevant Interest Period is the “Designated Maturity” as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(G) 
the Interest Payment Dates are the “Floating Rate Payer Payment Dates”;

--- Page 87 ---
87 
(H) 
the Margin is the “Spread”; and 
(I) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
When this sub-paragraph (iii) applies with respect to each relevant Interest Payment Date: 
(A) 
the amount of interest determined for such Interest Payment Date shall be the Interest Amount 
for the relevant Interest Period for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions as though 
calculated under sub-paragraph (vi) below; and 
(B) 
(i) “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Floating Rate Payer”, “Effective Date”, “Notional 
Amount”, “Floating Rate Payer Payment Dates”, “Spread”, “Calculation Agent”, “Designated 
Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions; and 
(ii) “Euro-zone” means the region comprised of the Member States of the European Union that 
adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 
4(b)(viii) and as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the rate or offered quotation (if there is only one rate or offered quotation on the Relevant Screen 
Page); or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards) of the rates or offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum), for the Reference Rate (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for that Interest Period which appears or appear, as the case may be, on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) as at 11.00 a.m. (in the Relevant Financial Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent or Transfer Agent (or such other 
Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms). If, in the case of (B) above, five or more of such 
rates or offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest rate or offered quotation, one only of such rates or offered quotations) and the lowest (or, if there 
is more than one such lowest rate or offered quotation, one only of such rates or offered quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Agent or Transfer Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such rates or offered 
quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no such rate or offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three of such rates or offered quotations appear, in 
each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph, the Agent or Transfer Agent (at the request of the 
Issuer) (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) shall request the principal 
London office of each of the Reference Banks to provide (at the request of the Issuer) the Agent or Transfer 
Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) with its rate or offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for that Interest Period, at approximately the Specified Time, on the 
Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide (at the request of the 
Issuer) the Agent or Transfer Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms)

--- Page 88 ---
88 
with such rates or offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place with 0.00005 being rounded upwards) of such rates or offered 
quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent or Transfer Agent 
(or such other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides (at the request 
of the Issuer) the Agent or Transfer Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) with such rates or offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Agent or Transfer Agent (or such other Calculation 
Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary 
to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards) of the rates or quotations, as communicated 
to (and at the request of the Issuer) the Agent or Transfer Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at approximately the Specified Time, on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide (at the request of the Issuer) the Agent or Transfer Agent (or such other 
Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) with such rates or offered quotations, the rate or 
quotation offered for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the rates or offered quotations 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, which, at approximately the Specified Time, on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs (at the 
request of the Issuer) the Agent or Transfer Agent (or such other Calculation Agent specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as at the Interest Determination Date 
for the last preceding Interest Period (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
The expression “Reference Rate” means EURIBOR as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
expression “Relevant Screen Page” means such page, whatever its designation, on which the Reference Rate 
that is for the time being displayed on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service or Dow Jones Market Limited 
or such other service, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the expression “Reference Banks” means the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market selected by the Issuer (or 
the Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms, if not the Agent or Transfer Agent) or as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and the expression “Specified Time” means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time). 
(v) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of any such Interest Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Rate of Interest. If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of any such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the above provisions is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
(vi) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent (or if the Agent is not the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable on the Floating Rate Notes 
for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency half of 
any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Without prejudice to sub-paragraph (viii) below, the determination of the Rate of Interest and calculation of 
each Interest Amount by the Agent (or the Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms if the Agent 
is not the Calculation Agent) shall (in the absence of negligence, wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be 
binding on all parties. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple 
of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period: 
(A) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(B) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360; 
(D) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (D2 −D1)]
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 90 ---
90 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(E) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (D2 −D1)]
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(F) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (D2 −D1)]
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and

--- Page 91 ---
91 
(G) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366. 
(vii) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period or Specified Period 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period or Specified Period shall be calculated 
by the Agent (or if the Agent is not the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate 
(where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity (as defined below) were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period or Specified Period and the other 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period or Specified Period, provided however, that if there 
is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent (or if the 
Agent is not the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms) shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer (in consultation with an 
independent financial institution or an independent financial adviser with the appropriate expertise appointed 
by the Issuer) shall determine as appropriate for such purposes. For the purposes of this paragraph, the 
expression “Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(viii) Benchmark discontinuation 
(A) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4(b)(viii)(B)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread (in accordance with Condition 4(b)(viii)(C)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4(b)(viii)(D)). 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 4(b)(viii) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an 
expert. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Agent, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(viii).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(viii)(A) prior to the date which is 
10 business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. 
If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial 
Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the

--- Page 92 ---
92 
relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance 
of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only 
and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 4(b)(viii)(A). 
(B) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, determines that: 
(1) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(b)(viii)); or 
(2) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
4(b)(viii)). 
(C) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the 
Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) 
will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(D) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(viii) and the Independent Adviser, 
determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement and/or (in the 
case of Registered Notes) the Note Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance 
with Condition 4(b)(viii)(E), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, 
vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement and/or (in the case of Registered Notes) the 
Note Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(b)(viii), the Calculation Agent or any 
Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of 
any changes or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 4(b)(viii) to which, in the sole 
opinion of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities 
or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant

--- Page 93 ---
93 
Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement or (in the case of Registered Notes) the 
Note Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(viii)(D), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or admitted to trading. 
(E) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4(b)(viii) will be notified at least 10 
business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the Issuer to the Agent, the 
Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. In accordance with Condition 14, notice shall be 
provided to the Noteholders promptly thereafter. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent, the 
Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of 
the Issuer: 
(1) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (iv) the specific 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 4(b)(viii); and 
(2) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) have been determined by the 
Independent Adviser in accordance with the provision of this Condition 4(b)(viii) to be 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and 
(in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by the Noteholders at all 
reasonable times during normal business hours. 
Each of the Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to rely on such 
certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified 
in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any) and without prejudice to the Agent’s, the Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ ability 
to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
(F) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 4(b)(viii)(A), (B), (C) and (D), 
the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4(b)(iv) will 
continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(G) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 4(b)(viii): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) 
a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor

--- Page 94 ---
94 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which:  
(1) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate)  
(2) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference 
Rate; or (if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied) 
(3) 
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 4(b)(viii)(B) is customarily applied in international debt 
capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(viii)(D). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(2) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased 
or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(3) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(4) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used 
either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(5) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that, with effect from a date after 31 December 2021, the Original 
Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer 
representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(6) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other 
party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate; 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs 
(2) and (3) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or 
the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-

--- Page 95 ---
95 
paragraph (4) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (5) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference 
Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) 
representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public 
statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to 
the Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the 
Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for making such 
determination. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
4(b)(viii)(A). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes 
(provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally-specified benchmark 
or screen rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced 
by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently 
occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term “Original Reference Rate” 
shall include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(1) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(2) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(ix) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period or Specified 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the other Paying 
Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) and the relevant stock exchange 
or other relevant authority on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being admitted to trading 
or listing and will cause notice thereof to be published or given in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than the earlier of the fourth London Business Day 
thereafter or the first Business Day of each Interest Period or Specified Period. Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made 
by way of adjustment) without publication as aforesaid or prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period or Specified Period in accordance with the provisions hereof. Any such amendment or 
alternative arrangements will promptly be notified to each stock exchange or other relevant authority on which 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being admitted to trading or listing. For the purposes of this

--- Page 96 ---
96 
paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in London. 
(x) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4(b), whether by the Agent or 
other Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of negligence, wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Agent, Calculation Agent (if applicable), any other Paying Agents and 
all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the case of Registered Notes) the Registrar and the Transfer Agent 
and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
shall attach to the Agent or the Calculation Agent (if applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-exercise 
by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note to be redeemed) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date scheduled for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue at the rate of interest then 
applicable or at such other rate as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms until the earlier of (i) the day 
on which, upon due presentation or surrender of such Note (if required), the relevant payment is made; and (ii) 
the seventh day after the date on which the Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes) the Registrar or the 
Transfer Agent having received the funds required to make such payment, notice is given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 of that circumstance (except to the extent that there is failure in the subsequent 
payment thereof to the relevant Noteholders). 
5 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment  
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro, U.S. dollars or Renminbi, will be made by transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese Yen to a non-
resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, or by a cheque in such 
Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney 
or Auckland, respectively) unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms; provided that, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars, payments will be made outside the Commonwealth of Australia 
by Australian dollar cheque drawn on, or by transfer to an Australian dollar account maintained by the 
payee with, a bank outside Australia; 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro 
cheque; 
(iii) 
payments in U.S. dollars, except as provided by Condition 5(d), shall be made by credit or transfer to a 
U.S. dollar account outside the United States specified by the payee; and 
(iv) 
payments in Renminbi shall be made by transfer to a Renminbi account maintained by or on behalf of 
the relevant Noteholder with a bank in Hong Kong.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7, payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal 
or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in any jurisdiction and (ii) any withholding required pursuant 
to sections 1471 through to 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (including any 
regulations or official interpretations issued with respect thereto or any agreement entered into by any person 
with the IRS pursuant to such provisions) (the “Code”) or any treaty, law, regulation, intergovernmental 
agreement or official guidance of any other taxing jurisdiction relating to an intergovernmental agreement 
implementing an alternative to such sections of the Code (collectively, “FATCA”). 
(b) 
Presentation of Notes and Coupons – Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
Specified Currency in the manner provided in Condition 5(a) above only against surrender of such definitive 
Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as 
aforesaid only against surrender of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States. Payments under Condition 5(a) above made, at the option of the bearer of such Note or 
Coupon, by cheque shall be mailed or delivered to an address outside the United States furnished by such bearer. 
Subject to any applicable laws and regulations, such payments made by transfer will be made in immediately 
available funds to an account maintained by the payee with a bank located outside the United States. No 
payment in respect of any definitive Note or Coupon will be made upon presentation of such definitive Note or 
Coupon at any office or agency of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Paying Agent in the United States, nor will 
any such payment be made by transfer to an account, or by mail to an address, in the United States. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on 
exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the 
sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal 
so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relevant missing Coupon at 
any time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five 
years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due. Upon any Fixed Rate Note in 
definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) 
appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note in definitive form becomes due and repayable, 
unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued but unpaid in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date or Issue Date (as applicable) shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant definitive Note. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes or otherwise 
in the manner specified in the relevant global Note, where applicable against presentation or surrender, as the 
case may be, of such global Note, if the global Note is not issued in NGN form or held under the NSS, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent located outside the United States except as provided below. A record of 
each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made 
on such global Note either by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, as applicable.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
(c) 
Presentation and Surrender of Notes – Registered Notes 
Provisions in relation to payments of principal and interest in respect of Registered Notes will be set out 
in the relevant global Registered Note or definitive Registered Note and as otherwise set out in these Terms and 
Conditions. Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the register on the Record Date, 
and “Record Date” means, in the case of global Registered Notes, at the close of business on the relevant 
clearing system business day before the due date for payment thereof or, in the case of Registered Notes in 
definitive form, at close of business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof. 
(d) 
Global Notes 
The holder of a global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such global Note and the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount 
of Notes represented by such global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, for 
the holder’s share of each payment so made by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such global Note. No person other than the holder of such global Note shall have any 
claim against the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor in respect of any payments due on that global 
Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in respect of the Notes 
denominated in U.S. dollars will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States (which 
expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of 
Columbia and its possessions)) if: 
(i) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on 
the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the United 
States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full 
payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer 
and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
(e) 
Payment Day 
Unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, if the due date for payment of any amount in 
respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until 
the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to 
Condition 8) is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
the relevant place of presentation (if presentation is required); and 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
(1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro or Renminbi, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business

--- Page 99 ---
99 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre 
of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); (2) in relation to any sum payable 
in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; or (3) in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, 
a day on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business and settlement of Renminbi 
payments in Hong Kong. 
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the case of Notes issued by Nestlé Holdings, Inc., if 
for any reason any Note with a stated Maturity Date of six months or less from the Issue Date would mature on 
a day that is not a Payment Day and would thereby be repayable on a date which is six months or more from 
the Issue Date, it shall be repaid on the last Payment Day that is not later than six months after the Issue Date. 
(f) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable under Condition 7; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 6(k)(ii)); and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable under Condition 7. 
(g) 
Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent 
Notwithstanding any other provisions in these Terms and Conditions, if by reason of Inconvertibility (as 
defined below), Non-transferability (as defined below) or Illiquidity (as defined below), the Issuer (or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be) determines in good faith that it is not able, or it would be impracticable for it, to 
satisfy payments due under the Notes or Coupons (or the Guarantee, as the case may be) in Renminbi in Hong 
Kong, the Issuer or the Guarantor shall settle any such payment in U.S. dollars on the due date for payment at 
the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi denominated amount and give notice thereof (including details 
thereof) as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
In such event, payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant amounts due under the Notes or 
Coupons (or the Guarantee, as the case may be) shall be made in accordance with Condition 5(a). 
In this Condition 5(g): 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) 
charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong; 
“Illiquidity” means the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a result 
of which the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to satisfy 
its obligation to make a payment under the Notes or Coupons (or the Guarantee);

--- Page 100 ---
100 
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer (or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be) to convert into Renminbi any amount due in respect of the Notes or Coupons 
(or the Guarantee) into Renminbi on any payment date in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, 
other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may 
be) to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule 
or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible for 
the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, 
rule or regulation); 
“Non-transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer (or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be) to deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account 
inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong (including where the Renminbi clearing and settlement 
system for participating banks in Hong Kong is disrupted or suspended), other than where such impossibility is 
due solely to the failure of the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) to comply with any law, rule or 
regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible for the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be) due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
“Rate Determination Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong, 
London and New York City; 
“Rate Determination Date” means the day which is two Rate Determination Business Days before the 
due date of the relevant amount under the Notes; 
“Spot Rate” means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the spot CNY/U.S.$ 
exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange 
market in Hong Kong for settlement in two Rate Determination Business Days, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate Determination Date, on a deliverable 
basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable 
basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the rate taking into consideration all available information which the Calculation Agent deems 
relevant, including pricing information obtained from the Renminbi non-deliverable exchange market in Hong 
Kong or elsewhere and the CNY/U.S.$ exchange rate in the PRC domestic foreign exchange market; and 
“U.S. Dollar Equivalent” means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollars using the 
Spot Rate for the relevant Rate Determination Date. 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5(g), whether by the Agent or 
other Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of negligence, wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Agent, Calculation Agent (if applicable), any other Paying Agents and 
all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the case of Registered Notes) the Registrar and the Transfer Agent 
and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
shall attach to the Agent or the Calculation Agent (if applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-exercise 
by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
6 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
At Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed 
by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified 
Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
(i) 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (in the case 
of Notes other than Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Agent or (in the case of Registered 
Notes) the Registrar and the Transfer Agent, and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(A) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes or the Guarantee, the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be, will be or is expected to become obliged to pay additional amounts 
as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws 
or regulations of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated or, in the case of payment by 
the Guarantor, Switzerland or, in either case, any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such 
laws or regulations, which change or amendment is expected to become effective on or after the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or the Guarantor taking reasonable measures 
available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer or the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment 
in respect of the Notes then due. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this 
Condition 6(b), the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes) the Registrar 
and the Transfer Agent, a certificate signed by an officer of the Issuer stating that the obligation referred 
to in (A) above cannot be avoided by the Issuer or the Guarantor taking reasonable measures available 
to it and the Agent shall be entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of 
the conditions precedent set out in (B) above in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer or the Guarantor would, on the next payment in respect of the Notes, be prevented by the 
law of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated or, in the case of payment by the Guarantor, 
Switzerland, from making payment of the full amount then due and payable, notwithstanding the 
undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 7, then the Issuer shall forthwith give 
notice of such fact to the Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes) the Registrar and the Transfer Agent, 
and the Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding upon giving prior notice 
to the holders of Notes in accordance with Condition 14, provided that the due date for redemption of 
which notice hereunder shall be given shall be the latest practicable date at which the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be, could make payment without withholding or, if that date is past, as soon 
as practicable thereafter. 
Each Note redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(b) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6(k) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
(c) 
Final Terms 
The Final Terms applicable to the Notes indicates either: 
(i) 
that the Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their Maturity Date (except as otherwise provided in 
Condition 6(b) above and in Condition 9); or 
(ii) 
that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the holders of the Notes 
prior to such Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of Conditions 6(d), 6(e), 6(f), 6(g) 
and/or 6(i) on the date or dates and at the amount or amounts indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice (or such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) to the Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes) the Registrar and the Transfer Agent, and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all or some only of 
the Notes then outstanding on the Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 
6(k) below)) together, if appropriate, with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date(s). Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and/or not greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount, both as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call) 
If the Issuer Maturity Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice (or such other period of notice as is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) to the Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes) the Registrar and the Transfer 
Agent, and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part, at any time during the period 
commencing on (and including) the day that is 90 days prior to the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date, at the Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Make-Whole Call) 
If the Issuer Make-Whole Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice (or such other period of notice as is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) to the Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes) the Registrar and the Transfer 
Agent, and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date (that is, if the Issuer Maturity Par Call is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, more than 90 days prior to the Maturity Date) and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount and/or not greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount, both as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Special Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Optional Redemption 
Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount with respect to the Notes shall be equal to the higher of: 
(i) 
100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed; or

--- Page 103 ---
103 
(ii) 
the price (as reported to the Issuer and the Calculation Agent by the Financial Adviser and 
expressed as a percentage) that provides for a Gross Redemption Yield on such Notes on the 
Reference Date equal (after adjusting for any difference in compounding frequency) to the Gross 
Redemption Yield provided by the Reference Bonds based on the Reference Bond Rate at the 
Specified Time on the Reference Date plus the Redemption Margin (if any). 
Where: 
“Financial Adviser” means a financial adviser selected by the Calculation Agent after consultation with 
the Issuer. 
“Gross Redemption Yield” means a yield expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Financial 
Adviser in accordance with generally accepted market practice. 
“Redemption Margin” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Reference Bonds” means, as at the Reference Date, the then current on-the-run government securities 
that would be utilised in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as 
the Notes, as determined by the Financial Adviser. 
“Reference Bond Rate” means the actual or, where there is more than one Reference Bond, interpolated 
rate per annum calculated by the Financial Adviser in accordance with generally accepted market practice by 
reference to the arithmetic mean of the middle market prices provided by three Reference Dealers for the 
Reference Bond(s) having an actual or interpolated maturity equal to the remaining term of the Notes (if the 
Notes were to remain outstanding to the Maturity Date). 
“Reference Date” means the fifth London Business Day prior to the Optional Redemption Date. 
“Reference Dealer” means a bank selected by the Issuer or its affiliates in consultation with the Financial 
Adviser which is (A) a primary government securities dealer, or (B) a market maker in pricing corporate bond 
issues. 
“Specified Time” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 6(f), by the Financial Adviser, 
shall (in the absence of negligence, wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Agent, Calculation Agent (if applicable), any other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and 
Couponholders and (in the case of Registered Notes) the Registrar and the Transfer Agent and (in the absence 
as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the 
Financial Adviser in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to the provisions of this Condition 6(f). 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Clean-up Call) 
If the Issuer Clean-up Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
if at any time after the Issue Date 75 per cent. or more of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes originally 
issued has been purchased by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries (other than subsidiaries organised in or under 
the laws of the United States) and cancelled, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice (or 
such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Agent or (in the case of Registered 
Notes) the Registrar and the Transfer Agent, and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes in whole, but not 
in part, at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms (which may be the Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(k) below)) together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but 
unpaid to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
(h) 
Partial Redemption 
In the event of redemption of some only of the Notes under Condition 6(d) or Condition 6(f), the Notes 
to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, 
at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note, not more than 60 days prior 
to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes 
will be published or notified in accordance with Condition 14 not less than 30 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption, or such other period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. No exchange of the relevant 
global Note will be permitted during the period from and including the Selection Date to and including the date 
fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(h) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 at least 10 days prior to the Selection Date. 
(i) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice (which 
notice shall be irrevocable) the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, in whole (but not in part), 
such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount (which may be the Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(k) below)) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, 
if appropriate, with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of the Note the holder of the Note must, if the Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
(other than the Transfer Agent), in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar or the Transfer Agent, in the case 
of Registered Notes, at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or the Registrar or the 
Transfer Agent falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for 
the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent, or the Registrar or the Transfer 
Agent (a “Put Notice”) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be 
made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 6(i) accompanied by the 
Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that such Note will, following delivery of the Put 
Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If the Note is represented by a global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, to exercise the right to require redemption of the Note the holder of the Note must, within the 
notice period, give notice to the Agent in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar or the Transfer Agent, in the 
case of Registered Notes, of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream or any 
common depositary or, as the case may be, the common safekeeper for them to the Agent, or the Registrar or 
the Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and 
Clearstream from time to time. 
(j) 
Redemption on change of ownership of the Issuer 
If Nestlé S.A. shall cease to own, directly or indirectly, at least 51 per cent. of the outstanding voting 
stock or share capital, as the case may be, issued by the Issuer, the Issuer shall give notice to such effect by 
publication in accordance with Condition 14 within 10 days of the occurrence of such circumstance. Such notice 
shall state that any Noteholder may cause his Note to be redeemed in whole by duly completing the Redemption 
Notice on such Note and delivering such Note (together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto or 
indemnity satisfactory to the Issuer therefor) to the principal office of the Agent or the Paying Agent (other than

--- Page 105 ---
105 
the Transfer Agent), in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar or the Transfer Agent, in the case of Registered 
Notes, during the next 30 days commencing from the date of such publication. Each such Note will be redeemed 
on the fifth Business Day after the end of such 30-day period at its Early Redemption Amount, together (if 
applicable) with accrued but unpaid interest to the date fixed for redemption. 
The delivery of a Note with a duly completed Redemption Notice thereon shall constitute an irrevocable 
election on the part of the holder thereof to cause such Note to be redeemed on the date fixed for redemption. 
(k) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Conditions 6(b), 6(d), 6(g), 6(i) and 6(j) above and Condition 9, each Note will be 
redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes) at the amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no such amount is so specified in the Final Terms, at their nominal amount; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
“RP” means the Reference Price; and 
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 30/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360 day year 
consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator of which is 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case 
the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator of which is 360) or (iii) 
Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as 
the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator of 
which is 365). 
(l) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries (other than subsidiaries organised in or under the laws of the United 
States) may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be 
held, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
(m) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and the Notes purchased 
and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6(l) above (together with all unmatured Coupons cancelled therewith) shall 
be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. If any Note is purchased and cancelled without all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto, the Issuer shall make payment in respect of any such missing Coupon

--- Page 106 ---
106 
in accordance with Condition 5 as if the relevant Note had remained outstanding for the period to which such 
Coupon relates. 
(n) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to Conditions 6 (a), (b), (d), (i) or (j) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in 
Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 6(k)(ii) above as though the references therein to 
the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which the Zero Coupon Note becomes due and repayable 
were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of the Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by the Agent and notice to 
that effect has been given in accordance with Condition 14. 
7 
Taxation 
(a) 
Where the Issuer is Nestlé Holdings, Inc. 
The Issuer or the Guarantor (if the Guarantor is obliged to make payments under the Guarantee) will, 
subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth below and to the extent permitted by law, pay as additional 
interest on a Note such additional amounts as are necessary in order that the net payment by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any Paying Agent of the principal of and interest on a Note or Coupon to a holder who is a Non-
U.S. Holder (as such term is defined below), after deduction for any present or future tax, assessment or 
governmental charge of the United States, or a political subdivision or authority thereof or therein, imposed by 
withholding with respect to the payment, will not be less than the amount provided for in such Note or Coupon 
to be then due and payable; provided, however, that the foregoing obligation to pay additional amounts shall 
not apply to: 
(i) 
any tax, assessment or governmental charge that would not have been so imposed but for the existence 
of any present or former connection between such holder (or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, 
member or shareholder of, or holder of power over, such holder, if such holder is an estate, trust, 
partnership or corporation) and the United States, including, without limitation, such holder (or fiduciary, 
settlor, beneficiary, member, shareholder or holder of a power) being considered as: 
(A) 
being or having been present or engaged in a trade or business in the United States or having or 
having had a permanent establishment therein; 
(B) 
having a current or former relationship with the United States, including a relationship as a citizen 
or resident or being treated as a resident thereof; 
(C) 
being or having been a controlled foreign corporation or a passive foreign investment company 
each as defined for United States federal income tax purposes, a corporation that has accumulated 
earnings to avoid United States federal income tax or a private foundation or other tax-exempt 
organisation; or 
(D) 
an actual or a constructive “10-percent shareholder” of the Issuer as defined in Section 871(h)(3) 
of the Code; 
(ii) 
any holder who is a fiduciary or partnership or other than the sole beneficial owner of the Note or 
Coupon, but only to the extent that a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary or member of 
such partnership or a beneficial owner of the Note or Coupon would not have been entitled to the

--- Page 107 ---
107 
payment of an additional amount had such beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner been the 
holder of such Note or Coupon; 
(iii) 
any tax, assessment or governmental charge that would not have been imposed or withheld but for the 
failure of the holder, if required, to comply with certification, identification or information reporting or 
any other requirements under United States income tax laws and regulations, without regard to any tax 
treaty, with respect to the payment, concerning the nationality, residence, identity or connection with the 
United States of the holder or a beneficial owner of such Note or Coupon, if such compliance is required 
by United States income tax laws and regulations, without regard to any tax treaty, as a precondition to 
relief or exemption from such tax, assessment or governmental charge, including in the case of Notes 
that have a maturity of more than 183 days, failure of the Noteholder or Couponholder or of the beneficial 
owner of such Note or Coupon, to provide a valid U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) Form W-8BEN 
(or successor or substitute therefor) or other documentation as permitted by official IRS guidance; 
(iv) 
any tax, assessment or governmental charge that would not have been so imposed or withheld but for 
the presentation by the holder of such Note or Coupon for payment on a date more than 30 days after 
the date on which such payment became due and payable or the date on which payment thereof is duly 
provided for, whichever occurs later; 
(v) 
any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, excise, wealth or personal property tax or any similar tax, 
assessment or governmental charge; 
(vi) 
any tax, assessment or governmental charge that is payable otherwise than by withholding by the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or a Paying Agent from the payment of the principal of or interest on such Note or Coupon; 
(vii) 
any tax required to be withheld or deducted from a payment pursuant to FATCA; or 
(viii) any combination of items (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vi) or (vii). 
As used in this Condition and, if applicable, Condition 6, “United States” means the United States of 
America, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and each possession of the United States of America and place 
subject to its jurisdiction. A “Non-U.S. Holder” is a person other than a U.S. Person. For this purpose, a “U.S. 
Person” is a person that is, for United States federal income tax purposes, (i) an individual citizen or resident 
of the United States, (ii) a corporation, partnership or other business entity organised in or under the laws of the 
United States or its political subdivisions, (iii) a trust subject to the control of a U.S. person and the primary 
supervision of a U.S. court or (iv) an estate the income of which is subject to United States federal income 
taxation regardless of its source. 
(b) 
Where the Issuer is Nestlé Finance International Ltd. 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by the Issuer or the Guarantor (if the 
Guarantor is obliged to make payments under the Guarantee) will be made without withholding or deduction 
for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf 
of Luxembourg or any province, territory or other political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In the event that the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or any agent of the Issuer or the Guarantor is required by law to make such withholding or deduction, the Issuer 
or the Guarantor will pay to the extent permitted by law such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order 
that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall 
equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect 
of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no 
such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon:

--- Page 108 ---
108 
(i) 
where the withholding or deduction in question is required by virtue of the Noteholder or Couponholder 
having some connection with Luxembourg other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; 
(ii) 
where presentation of the Note or Coupon is required, presented for payment more than 30 days after 
the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7(c)) except to the extent that the holder thereof would have 
been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day (assuming 
that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5)); 
(iii) 
where presentation of the Note or Coupon is required, presented for payment at the specified office of a 
Paying Agent in Luxembourg or in Switzerland; 
(iv) 
where the Noteholder or Couponholder of which would not be liable for such taxes or duties in respect 
of such Note or Coupon by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption 
to the relevant tax authority; 
(v) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment to or for the immediate benefit of an 
individual beneficial owner who is a Luxembourg resident and is required to be made pursuant to the 
Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005 on the taxation of savings, as amended; 
(vi) 
where any tax is required to be withheld or deducted from a payment pursuant to FATCA; or 
(vii) 
where there is any combination of items (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or (vi). 
(c) 
In relation to issues by Nestlé Finance International Ltd. or issues by Nestlé Holdings, Inc.  
All payments in respect of the Notes by the Guarantor shall be made without withholding or deduction 
for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature (“Taxes”) imposed or levied by or on behalf of Switzerland, or any political subdivision of, or any 
authority in, or of, Switzerland having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of the Taxes is required 
by law. In the event that the Guarantor or any agent of the Guarantor is required by law to make such withholding 
or deduction, the Issuer or the Guarantor will pay to the extent permitted by law such additional amounts as 
may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Noteholders and Couponholders after the 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would have been receivable in respect of 
the Notes or, as the case may be, Coupons in the absence of the withholding or deduction; except that no 
additional amount shall be payable in relation to any payment in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
where the withholding or deduction in question is required by virtue of the Noteholder or Couponholder 
having some connection with Switzerland other than the mere holding or ownership of such Note or 
Coupon; 
(ii) 
where presentation of the Note or Coupon is required, presented for payment more than 30 days after 
the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7(c)) except to the extent that a holder would have been 
entitled to additional amounts on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day (assuming that 
day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5)); 
(iii) 
where the Noteholder or Couponholder of which would be able to avoid such withholding or deduction 
by making a declaration of non-residence or similar claim for exemption but fails to do so; 
(iv) 
where any tax is required to be withheld or deducted from a payment in respect of a Note pursuant to 
laws enacted by Switzerland changing the Swiss federal withholding tax system from an issuer-based 
system to a paying agent-based system pursuant to which a person in Switzerland other than the Issuer 
or Guarantor is required to withhold or deduct tax on any interest;

--- Page 109 ---
109 
(v) 
where the Noteholder or Couponholder of which would be able to avoid such withholding or deduction 
by presenting the relevant Note or Coupon to another Paying Agent in a Member State of the European 
Union; 
(vi) 
where any tax is required to be withheld or deducted from a payment pursuant to FATCA; or 
(vii) 
where there is any combination of items (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or (vi). 
As used herein, the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due 
date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect 
is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
8 
Prescription 
Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made 
within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 7(c)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 8 or Condition 5(b) or any Talon 
which would be void pursuant to Condition 5(b). 
Any moneys paid by the Issuer to the Agent, or (in the case of Registered Notes) the Registrar or the 
Transfer Agent, for the payment of principal and/or interest in respect of the Notes and remaining unclaimed 
for a period of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) shall forthwith be repaid 
to the Issuer. All liability of the Issuer, the Agent, the Registrar or the Transfer Agent with respect thereto shall 
cease when the Notes and Coupons become void. 
9 
Events of Default 
If any of the following shall occur and be continuing: 
(i) 
in the case of any Issuer: 
(A) 
default in the payment of (1) principal on the Notes or (2) any interest or any other amount on 
the Notes for 30 days after such interest or other amount on the Notes becomes due; or 
(B) 
default by the Issuer in the due performance or observance of any obligation, condition or other 
provision (other than an obligation to make payment of principal or interest in respect of the 
Notes) contained in these terms and conditions applicable to the Notes or any obligation, 
condition or other provision for the benefit of Noteholders contained in the Agency Agreement 
or the Note Agency Agreement applicable to the Notes if such default shall not have been cured 
within 60 days after written notice thereof having been given to the Issuer and the Agent, or (in 
the case of Registered Notes) the Registrar and the Transfer Agent by the holders of 25 per cent. 
or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding; or 
(ii) 
where the Issuer is Nestlé Holdings, Inc.: 
(A) 
the entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises (1) in respect 
of the Issuer or a Principal Subsidiary of the Issuer in an involuntary case under any applicable 
bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or (2) appointing a receiver, 
liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Issuer or a 
Principal Subsidiary of the Issuer or for any substantial part of the property of the Issuer or a

--- Page 110 ---
110 
Principal Subsidiary of the Issuer, or (3) ordering the winding up or liquidation of the affairs of 
the Issuer or a Principal Subsidiary of the Issuer and, in each case, the continuance of any such 
decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive days; or 
(B) 
the Issuer or a Principal Subsidiary of the Issuer commencing a voluntary case under any 
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or consenting 
to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law or consenting to the 
appointment of or the taking of possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, 
sequestrator or other similar official of the Issuer or a Principal Subsidiary of the Issuer, or the 
making by the Issuer or a Principal Subsidiary of the Issuer of a general assignment for the benefit 
of creditors, or the failure by the Issuer or a Principal Subsidiary of the Issuer generally to pay its 
debts as they become due, or the taking by the Issuer or a Principal Subsidiary of any corporate 
action in furtherance of any of the foregoing; or 
(iii) 
where the Issuer is Nestlé Finance International Ltd. or the Issuer is Nestlé Holdings, Inc.: 
(A) 
the Issuer is wound up, dissolved or otherwise ceases to carry on its business, except in connection 
with a merger or other reorganisation pursuant to which the surviving company expressly 
assumes all the obligations of the Issuer with respect to the Notes, which obligations are 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor on terms substantially the same as those of the 
Guarantee; or 
(B) 
default by the Guarantor in the due performance or observance of any obligation, condition or 
other provision under or in relation to the Guarantee of the Notes if such default shall not have 
been cured within 60 days after written notice thereof having been given to the Guarantor and the 
Agent, or (in the case of Registered Notes) the Registrar and the Transfer Agent by the holders 
of 25 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding; or 
(C) 
the Guarantor applies for or is subject to an amicable settlement with its creditors (accord 
amiable), or admits in writing that it is insolvent, or seeks or resolves to seek its judicial 
reorganisation (concordat), or the transfer of the whole of its business (cession totale de 
l’entreprise) or any such proceedings are instituted against it and remain undismissed for a period 
of 60 days or are uncontested, or it otherwise institutes or resolves to institute other proceedings 
for bankruptcy (faillite), judicial reorganisation, winding up, dissolution, liquidation, 
restructuring (assainissement), stay of bankruptcy proceedings (ajournement de la faillite) or any 
similar proceedings (or any such proceedings are instituted against it and remain undismissed for 
a period of 60 days or are uncontested), or makes conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or 
enters into a composition with substantially all its creditors generally; or 
(D) 
the Guarantor is wound up, dissolved or otherwise ceases to carry on its business, except in 
connection with a merger or other reorganisation pursuant to which the surviving company 
expressly assumes all the obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee; or 
(E) 
the Guarantee ceases to be the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor, enforceable 
in accordance with its terms, or the Guarantor contests or denies the validity of the Guarantee, 
(iv) 
where the Issuer is Nestlé Finance International Ltd.: 
(A) 
a situation of illiquidity (cessation de paiements) and absence of access to credit (credit ébranlé) 
within the meaning of Article 437 of the Luxembourg Commercial Code;

--- Page 111 ---
111 
(B) 
an insolvency proceeding (faillite) within the meaning of Articles 437 ff. of the Luxembourg 
Commercial Code or any other insolvency proceedings pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2015/848 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast); 
(C) 
a controlled management (gestion contrôlée) within the meaning of the grand ducal regulation of 
24 May 1935 on controlled management; 
(D) 
a voluntary arrangement with creditors (concordat préventif de faillite) within the meaning of the 
law of 14 April 1886 on arrangements to prevent insolvency, as amended; 
(E) 
a suspension of payments (sursis de paiement) within the meaning of Articles 593 ff. of the 
Luxembourg Commercial Code; 
(F) 
voluntary or compulsory winding-up pursuant to the law of 10 August 1915 on commercial 
companies, as amended; or 
(G) 
any such proceedings instituted against it and remain undismissed for a period of 60 days or are 
uncontested, or it otherwise institutes or resolves to institute other proceedings for bankruptcy, 
judicial reorganisation, winding up, dissolution or liquidation or any similar proceedings (or any 
such proceedings are instituted against it and remain undismissed for a period of 60 days or are 
uncontested) or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into a composition 
with, substantially all of its creditors generally, 
then: 
(a) 
in the case of any of the events under sections (i)(A) and (B), (ii)(A) and (B), (iii)(A) and (iv)(A) to (G), 
the holder of any Note issued by the Issuer; or 
(b) 
in the case of any of the events under sections (iii)(B) to (E), the holder of any Note issued by Nestlé 
Finance International Ltd. or Nestlé Holdings, Inc., as the case may be, 
may, by written notice to the Agent, or (in the case of Registered Notes) the Registrar and the Transfer Agent, 
declare such Note to become due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued but unpaid 
interest (if any) thereon, as of the date on which such notice is received by the Agent or (in the case of the 
Registered Notes) the Registrar and the Transfer Agent, and such Note shall accordingly become so due and 
payable on such date unless prior to such date all such defaults in respect of the relevant Note shall have been 
cured. 
Where applicable, the term “Principal Subsidiary” shall mean any Subsidiary of the Issuer representing 
10 per cent. or more of the consolidated gross assets of the Issuer as shown on the most recently prepared 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the end of the most 
recent fiscal year of the Issuer. Solely for the purposes of determining whether a Subsidiary shall represent 10 
per cent., or more of the consolidated gross assets, such Subsidiary shall be deemed to own the consolidated 
gross assets of its Subsidiaries. 
10 Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Agent, or (in the case of Registered Notes) at the specified offices of the Registrar 
or the Transfer Agent, upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
11 Agent and Paying Agents, Registrar and Transfer Agent 
The names of the initial Agent and the other initial Paying Agents, the initial Registrar and the initial 
Transfer Agent and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any additional Paying Agents or Transfer 
Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents or Transfer Agents will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent or 
(in the case of Registered Notes) the Registrar or the Transfer Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying 
Agents or Transfer Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent, 
Registrar or Transfer Agent acts, provided that: 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing or trading by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Agent and, in respect of 
Registered Notes, the Transfer Agent) with a specified office in such place as may be required by the 
rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Agent) with a specified office in a jurisdiction 
within Europe other than the jurisdiction in which the Guarantor is incorporated; 
(iii) 
there will at all times be an Agent; and 
(iv) 
in respect of Registered Notes, there will at all times be a Registrar. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office 
in New York City in the circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 5(d). Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be 
of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
In addition, in relation to Registered Notes issued or to be issued by it, Nestlé Holdings, Inc. is entitled 
to vary or terminate the appointment of any registrar, transfer agent or paying agent and/or appoint additional 
transfer agents, paying agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any such 
registrar, transfer agent or paying agent acts, provided that there will at all times be a registrar and a paying 
agent capable of making payments in the Specified Currency and (in the case of global Registered Notes) to the 
clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
12 Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the 
Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of 
the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8. Each Talon shall, for 
the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date on which the 
final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
13 Substitution 
The Issuer may be replaced and the Guarantor or any subsidiary of the Guarantor may be substituted for 
the Issuer as principal debtor in respect of the Notes and Coupons, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders. If the Issuer shall determine that the Guarantor or any such subsidiary shall become the 
principal debtor (in such capacity, the “Substituted Debtor”), the Issuer shall give not less than 30 nor more

--- Page 113 ---
113 
than 45 days’ notice, in accordance with Condition 14, to the Noteholders of such event and, immediately on 
the expiry of such notice, the Substituted Debtor shall become the principal debtor in respect of the Notes and 
the Coupons in place of the Issuer and the Noteholders and the Couponholders shall thereupon cease to have 
any rights or claims whatsoever against the Issuer. However, no such substitution shall take effect (i) if the 
Substituted Debtor is not the Guarantor, until the Guarantor shall have entered into an irrevocable guarantee 
substantially in the form of the Guarantee in respect of the obligations of such Substituted Debtor, (ii) in any 
case, until the Substituted Debtor shall have provided to the Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes) the 
Registrar and the Transfer Agent, such documents as may be necessary to make the Notes and the Agency 
Agreement and (in the case of Registered Notes) the Note Agency Agreement) its legal, valid and binding 
obligations, (iii) until such Substituted Debtor shall have agreed to indemnify each Noteholder and 
Couponholder against (a) any tax, duty, fee or governmental charge which is imposed on such holder by the 
jurisdiction of the country of its residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation or any political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein with respect to such Note or Coupon and which would not 
have been so imposed had such substitution not been made, (b) any tax, duty, fee or governmental charge 
imposed on or relating to the act of substitution and (c) any costs or expenses of the act of substitution and (iv) 
until such Substituted Debtor shall have been approved by the relevant authorities as able to issue the relevant 
Notes. Upon any such substitution, the Notes and Coupons will be modified in all appropriate respects. 
14 Notices 
All notices regarding the Notes shall be validly given if published in a daily newspaper with general 
circulation in the European Union and/or if the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such stock exchange so require, a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in Luxembourg, and/or on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website (www.bourse.lu) or 
any other manner considered as equivalent by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Issuer shall also ensure 
that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other 
relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to 
trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required 
to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any global Note is or are held 
in its or their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, be substituted for such publication in such 
newspapers the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and Clearstream for communication by them to the 
holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to 
trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such 
notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those 
rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the third day after the 
day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, or on such other day as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Notices to holders of Registered Notes in definitive form will be deemed to be validly given if sent by 
mail to them (or, in the case of joint holders of Registered Notes, to the first-named holder in the register kept 
by the Registrar) at their respective addresses as recorded in the such register, and will be deemed to have been 
validly given on the fourth business day after the date of such mailing. 
Notices to be given by any holder of the Notes shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
with the relative Note or Notes, in the case of Bearer Notes, with the Agent or in the case of Registered Notes, 
with the Registrar. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a global Note, such notice may be given by any 
holder of a Note to, in the case of Bearer Notes, the Agent or, in the case of Registered Notes, to the Registrar,

--- Page 114 ---
114 
via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
The holders of Coupons or Talons shall be deemed to have received any notice duly given to 
Noteholders. 
15 Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
The Agency Agreement and, in the case of Registered Notes, the Note Agency Agreement contain 
provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference 
platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution of certain modifications of the Notes, the Coupons or certain provisions of the Agency 
Agreement and the Note Agency Agreement (certain provisions of such agreements may not, under existing 
law, be materially altered). Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than 
five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any 
such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing a majority 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons 
being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except 
that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or 
Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest on the 
Notes, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or 
altering the currency of payment of the Notes or Coupons), the necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned 
such meeting not less than one third, in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The 
majority required for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is 75 per cent. of the persons voting thereat upon a 
show of hands or if a poll be duly demanded then by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the 
votes given on such poll. The Agency Agreement and the Note Agency Agreement provide that (i) a resolution 
in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding, or (ii) where Notes are represented by a global Note or are held in definitive form 
within the relevant clearing system(s), approval of a resolution given by way of electronic consents 
communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form 
satisfactory to the Agent, in the case of the Agency Agreement, and the Registrar, in the case of the Note Agency 
Agreement) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a 
meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders at any 
meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting and whether or 
not they voted on the resolution, and on all Couponholders. 
No resolution passed at any meeting of Noteholders shall be binding on the Issuer or the Guarantor 
without the written consent of the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor. 
The Agent and (in the case of Registered Notes) the Registrar, the Issuer and the Guarantor may agree, 
without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Agency Agreement and (in the case of Registered 
Notes) the Note Agency Agreement, which is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Terms and Conditions or any provision of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency 
Agreement or (in the case of Registered Notes) the Note Agency Agreement, which is to correct a

--- Page 115 ---
115 
manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer 
is incorporated; or 
(iii) 
any modification of the Terms and Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement and (in the case of 
Registered Notes) the Note Agency Agreement to effect any Benchmark Amendments in the 
circumstances set out in Condition 4(b)(viii). 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
16 Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders 
to create and issue further notes ranking pari passu in all respects (or in all respects save for the Issue Date, 
and/or the amount, and/or the date of the first payment of interest thereon, and/or the date from which interest 
starts to accrue and/or the Issue Price, as applicable) and so that the same shall be assimilated and be 
consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding Notes and references in these Terms and Conditions 
to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly, provided that an issue of such further notes that is not issued in a 
“qualified reopening” for United States federal income tax purposes will be assigned a new unique security 
code. 
17 Third Party Rights 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce 
any term of this Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available 
apart from that Act. 
18 Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
The Agency Agreement, the Note Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Note Agency Agreement, 
the Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. Articles 
470-1 through 470-19 (inclusive) of the Luxembourg Law of 10 August 1915 concerning Commercial 
Companies, as amended, shall be expressly excluded. 
The Issuer submits for the exclusive benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, to the jurisdiction 
of the English courts for all purposes in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Note Agency Agreement, 
the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency 
Agreement, the Note Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons and in relation thereto the Issuer has 
appointed Nestlé UK Ltd at its principal office of 1 City Place, Beehive Ring Road, Gatwick RH6 0PA, England 
as its agent for receipt of process on its behalf and has agreed that in the event of Nestlé UK Ltd ceasing so to 
act or ceasing to be registered in England it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process. 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, and to the extent allowed by law, the Issuer further irrevocably agrees that 
any suit, action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Note Agency 
Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons (including any suit, action or proceedings relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Note Agency Agreement, 
the Notes and the Coupons) may be brought in any other court of competent jurisdiction.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
The Guarantee is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Swiss law. The place of 
jurisdiction for any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the Guarantee shall be Vevey, 
Switzerland.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
PRC CURRENCY CONTROLS 
The following is a general description of certain currency controls in the PRC and is based on the law 
and relevant interpretations thereof in effect as at the date of this Prospectus, all of which are subject to change, 
and does not constitute legal advice. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all applicable currency 
controls in the PRC relating to the Notes. Prospective holders of Notes who are in any doubt as to PRC currency 
controls are advised to consult their own professional advisers. 
Remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC 
Renminbi is not a completely freely convertible currency. The remittance of Renminbi into and out of 
the PRC is subject to controls imposed under PRC law. 
Current Account Items 
Under PRC foreign exchange control regulations, current account item payments include payments for 
imports and exports of goods and services, payments of income and current transfers into and out of the PRC. 
Prior to July 2009, all current account items were required to be settled in foreign currencies. Since July 
2009, subject to the Measures and its implementation rules, the PRC has commenced a pilot scheme pursuant 
to which Renminbi may be used for settlement of cross-border trade between approved pilot enterprises in five 
designated cities in the PRC being Shanghai, Guangzhou, Dongguan, Shenzhen and Zhuhai and enterprises in 
designated offshore jurisdictions including Hong Kong and Macau. In June 2010 and June 2011, respectively, 
the PRC Government promulgated the Circular on Issues concerning the Expansion of the Scope of the Pilot 
Programme of Renminbi Settlement of Cross-Border Trades and the Circular on Expanding the Regions of 
Cross-border Trades Renminbi Settlement (the “Circulars”) with regard to the expansion of designated cities 
and offshore jurisdictions implementing the pilot Renminbi settlement scheme for cross-border trades. Pursuant 
to the Circulars (i) Renminbi settlement of imports and exports of goods and of services and other current 
account items became permissible, (ii) the list of designated pilot districts was expanded to cover all provinces 
and cities in the PRC; and (iii) the restriction on designated offshore districts has been lifted. Accordingly, any 
enterprises in the designated pilot districts and offshore enterprises are entitled to use Renminbi to settle imports 
of goods and services and other current account items between them; Renminbi remittance for exports of goods 
from the PRC may only be effected by approved pilot enterprises in 16 provinces within the designated pilot 
districts in the PRC. 
On 3 February 2012, PBoC and five other PRC Authorities (the “Six Authorities”) jointly issued the 
Notice on Matters Relevant to the Administration of Enterprises Engaged in Renminbi Settlement of Export 
Trade in Goods (the “2012 Circular”). Under the 2012 Circular, any enterprise qualified for the export and 
import business is permitted to use Renminbi as settlement currency for exports, provided that the relevant 
provincial government has submitted to the Six Authorities a list of key enterprises subject to supervision and 
the Six Authorities have verified and signed off on such list. On 12 June 2012, the PBoC issued a notice stating 
that the Six Authorities had jointly verified and announced a list of 9,502 exporting enterprises subject to 
supervision and as a result any enterprise qualified for the export and import business is permitted to use 
Renminbi as settlement currency for exports. 
On 5 July 2013, the PBoC promulgated the Circular on Simplifying the Procedures for Cross-Border 
Renminbi Transactions and Improving Related Policies (the “2013 PBoC Notice”) with the intent to improve 
the efficiency of cross border Renminbi settlement and facilitate the use of Renminbi for the settlement of cross 
border transactions under current accounts or capital accounts. In particular, the 2013 PBoC Notice simplifies 
the procedures for cross border Renminbi trade settlement under current account items. For example, PRC

--- Page 118 ---
118 
banks, based on due diligence review to know their clients (i.e., PRC enterprises), may conduct settlement for 
such PRC enterprises upon the PRC enterprises presenting the payment instruction, with certain exceptions. 
PRC banks may also allow PRC enterprises to receive payments under current account items prior to the 
relevant PRC bank’s verification of underlying transactions (noting that verification of underlying transactions 
is usually a precondition for cross border remittance). 
On 1 November 2014, the PBoC promulgated the Notice on Matters concerning Centralized Cross-
Border RMB Fund Operation conducted by Multinational Enterprise Groups (the “2014 PBoC Notice”), which 
provides that MEGs may carry out cross-border Renminbi fund centralised operations via a group member 
incorporated in the PRC, which operations include (i) two-way Renminbi cash-pooling arrangement and (ii) 
centralised receipt and payment of cross-border Renminbi under the current account. 
On 5 September 2015, the PBoC promulgated the Notice on Further Facilitating the Two-way Cross-
border Renminbi Cash-pooling Business by Multinational Enterprise Groups, which rephrases the requirements 
on two-way Renminbi cash-pooling arrangement and replaces those set forth under the 2014 PBoC Notice. 
Among other things, the PBoC effectively increases the cap for net cash flow by increasing the default macro-
prudential policy parameter from 0.1 to 0.5 for the time being and stipulates that (i) a qualified MEG is only 
allowed to have one two-way cross-border Renminbi cash-pooling in the PRC, (ii) the aggregate revenue 
generated by the domestic participating group members of a MEG shall be no less than RMB 1 billion and that 
of the foreign participating group members shall be no less than RMB 200 million, (iii) the group parent 
company of a qualified MEG may be incorporated in or outside of the PRC; and (iv) the fund held in the special 
RMB deposit account under the name of the domestic group parent company is prohibited from being used for 
investing in securities, financial derivatives or non-self-use real estates or for purchasing wealth management 
products or granting entrusted loans. 
On 15 May 2017, PBoC promulgated the Administrative Measures for the RMB Cross-border Receipt 
and Payment Information Management System (the “2017 PBoC Measures”) to regulate the operations and use 
of the RMB cross-border receipt and payment information management system by the banking financial 
institutions and relevant access agencies. The 2017 PBoC Measures require the banks and relevant access 
agencies that carry out cross-border RMB business shall connect to the system, and submit RMB cross-border 
receipts and payments as well as related business information to the system in a timely, accurate and complete 
manner. The banks shall make use of the system to review the authenticity and consistency of transactions, and 
may inquire about the transaction information via the system; where relevant business information is found 
missing in the system, the bank may suspend the receipt and payment of funds. 
On 23 October 2019, the SAFE promulgated Notice by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange 
of Simplifying Foreign Exchange Accounts which became effective on 1 February 2020. SAFE has decided to 
review and integrate certain foreign exchange accounts and further reduce the types of accounts in order to 
further intensify the reform of foreign exchange administration, simplifying the relevant business operating 
procedures, and facilitate true and compliant foreign exchange transactions by banks, enterprises and other 
market participants, for example, “Current accounts -foreign currency cash account” and “current accounts - 
foreign exchange account under current accounts of overseas institutions” are included in “current accounts - 
foreign exchange settlement account”. 
On 23 October 2019, the SAFE issued Notice by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of 
Further Facilitating Cross-border Trade and Investment, based on which, for the revenue obtained by an 
enterprise from trade in goods, the enterprise may, on its own, decide whether to open a to-be-inspected account 
for export revenue (“to-be-inspected account”). If an enterprise has not opened a to-be-inspected account, the 
examined revenue from trade in goods by the bank in accordance with the existing provisions may be directly 
deposited into the foreign exchange account under current accounts or used for foreign exchange settlement.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
As new regulations, the above circulars and notices will be subject to interpretation and application by 
the relevant PRC authorities. Further, if any new PRC regulations are promulgated in the future which have the 
effect of permitting or restricting (as the case may be) the use of Renminbi for payment of transactions 
categorised as current account items, then such settlement will need to be made subject to the specific 
requirements or restrictions set out in such rules. Local authorities may adopt different practices in applying 
these circulars and impose conditions for the settlement of current account items. 
Capital Account Items 
Under the applicable PRC foreign exchange control regulations, capital account items include cross-
border transfers of capital, direct investments, securities investments, derivative products and loans. Capital 
account payments have been generally subject to the approval of the relevant PRC authorities. However, as set 
out below, it has been announced that as from 1 June 2015, the capital account regulation in relation to direct 
investment has been delegated by the governmental authority (i.e. the local branches of the SAFE) to designated 
foreign exchange banks. 
Prior to October 2011, settlements for capital account items were generally required to be made in 
foreign currencies. For instance, foreign investors (including any Hong Kong investors) were required to make 
any capital contribution to foreign invested enterprises in a foreign currency in accordance with the terms set 
out in the relevant joint venture contracts and/or articles of association as approved by the relevant authorities. 
Foreign invested enterprises or relevant PRC parties were also generally required to make capital item payments 
including proceeds from liquidation, transfer of shares, reduction of capital, interest and principal repayment to 
foreign investors in a foreign currency. The relevant PRC authorities may, however, have granted approvals for 
a foreign entity to make a capital contribution or a shareholder’s loan to a foreign invested enterprise with 
Renminbi lawfully obtained by it outside the PRC and for the foreign invested enterprise to remit interest and 
principal repayment to its foreign investor outside the PRC in Renminbi. The foreign invested enterprise may, 
however, have been required to complete a registration and verification process with the relevant PRC 
authorities before such Renminbi remittances. 
On 13 October 2011, the PBoC issued the Administrative Measures on RMB Settlement of Foreign 
Direct Investment (“PBoC RMB FDI Measures”) which set out operating procedures for PRC banks to handle 
Renminbi settlement relating to Renminbi foreign direct investment (“RMB FDI”) and borrowing by foreign 
invested enterprises of offshore Renminbi loans. Prior to the PBoC RMB FDI Measures, cross-border Renminbi 
settlement for RMB FDI has required approvals on a case-by-case basis from the PBoC. The new rules replace 
the PBoC approval requirement with less onerous post-event registration and filing requirements. The PBoC 
RMB FDI Measures provide that, among others, foreign invested enterprises are required to conduct 
registrations with the local branch of PBoC within ten working days after obtaining business licenses for the 
purpose of Renminbi settlement; a foreign investor is allowed to open a Renminbi expense account to reimburse 
some expenses before the establishment of a foreign invested enterprise and the balance in such an account can 
be transferred to the Renminbi capital account of such foreign invested enterprise when it is established, 
commercial banks can remit a foreign investor’s Renminbi proceeds from distribution (dividends or otherwise) 
by its PRC subsidiaries out of the PRC after reviewing certain requisite documents; if a foreign investor intends 
to use its Renminbi proceeds from distribution (dividends or otherwise) by its PRC subsidiaries to reinvest 
onshore or increase the registered capital of the PRC subsidiaries, the foreign investor may open a Renminbi 
reinvestment account to receive such Renminbi proceeds; and the PRC parties selling a stake in domestic 
enterprises to foreign investors can open Renminbi accounts and receive the purchase price in Renminbi paid 
by foreign investors by submitting certain documents as required by the guidelines of PBoC to the commercial 
banks. The PBoC RMB FDI Measures also state that the foreign debt quota of a foreign invested enterprise 
applies to both its Renminbi debt and foreign currency debt owed to its offshore shareholders, offshore affiliates

--- Page 120 ---
120 
and offshore financial institutions, and a foreign invested enterprise may open a Renminbi account to receive 
its Renminbi proceeds borrowed offshore by submitting the Renminbi loan contract and the letter of payment 
order to the commercial bank and make repayments of principal and interest on such debt in Renminbi by 
submitting certain documents as required by the guidelines of the PBoC to the commercial bank. 
On 14 June 2012, the PBoC further promulgated the Notice on Clarifying the Detailed Operating Rules 
for RMB Settlement of Foreign Direct Investment (“PBoC RMB FDI Notice”) to provide more detailed rules 
relating to cross-border Renminbi direct investments and settlement. This PBoC RMB FDI Notice details the 
rules for opening and operating the relevant accounts and reiterates the restrictions upon the use of the funds 
within different Renminbi accounts. 
On 10 May 2013, the SAFE promulgated the Provisions on the Foreign Exchange Administration of 
Domestic Direct Investment by Foreign Investors (the “SAFE Provisions”), which became effective on 13 May 
2013. The SAFE Provisions removed previous approval requirements for foreign investors and foreign invested 
enterprises in opening of, and capital injections into, foreign exchange accounts, although registration for 
foreign exchange (including cross-border Renminbi) administration is still required. 
On 5 July 2013, the PBoC promulgated the 2013 PBoC Notice (together with the PBoC RMB FDI 
Measures and the PBoC RMB FDI Notice, the “PBoC Rules”) which, among other things, provide more 
flexibility for funds transfers between the Renminbi accounts held by offshore participating banks at PRC 
onshore banks and offshore clearing banks respectively. 
On 23 September 2013, the PBoC further issued the Circular on the Relevant Issues on Renminbi 
Settlement of Investment in Onshore Financial Institutions by Foreign Investors, which provides further details 
for using Renminbi to invest in a financial institution domiciled in the PRC. 
On 3 December 2013, MOFCOM promulgated the Circular on Issues in relation to Cross-border 
Renminbi Foreign Direct Investment (the “MOFCOM Circular”), which became effective on 1 January 2014, 
to further facilitate FDI by simplifying and streamlining the applicable regulatory framework. Pursuant to the 
MOFCOM Circular, the appropriate office of MOFCOM and/or its local counterparts will grant written 
approval for each FDI and specify “Renminbi Foreign Direct Investment” and the amount of capital 
contribution in the approval. Unlike the previous MOFCOM regulations on FDI, the MOFCOM Circular 
removes the approval requirement for foreign investors who intend to change the currency of their existing 
capital contribution from a foreign currency to Renminbi. In addition, the MOFCOM Circular also expressly 
prohibits the FDI Renminbi funds from being used for any investment in securities and financial derivatives 
(except for investment in PRC listed companies by strategic investors) or for entrusted loans in the PRC. On 30 
July 2017, MOFCOM promulgated the Interim Measures for Filing Administration of the Establishment and 
Change of Foreign-invested Enterprises (the “MOFCOM FIE Measures”), which became effective on the same 
day, to further simplify the legal requirements on foreign direct investment. Pursuant to the MOFCOM FIE 
Measures, all FDIs, including cross-border Renminbi FDIs, are subject to post-formation filings with 
MOFCOM instead of prerequisite written approvals from MOFCOM, as long as they do not fall into any 
restricted industries under the Special Administrative Measures for Access of Foreign Investment (the 
“Negative List”). 
On 13 February 2015, the SAFE promulgated Circular of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange 
on Further Simplifying and Improving the Direct Investment-related Foreign Exchange Administration Policies 
(the “2015 SAFE Notice”), which became effective on 1 June 2015. Under the 2015 SAFE Notice, the SAFE 
delegates the authority for approval/registration of foreign currency (including cross-border Renminbi) related 
matters for direct investment (internal and external) to designated foreign exchange banks. 
On 30 March 2015, SAFE promulgated the Circular on Reforming Foreign Exchange Capital Settlement 
for Foreign Invested Enterprises (the “2015 SAFE Circular”), which became effective on and from 1 June 2015.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
The 2015 SAFE Circular allows foreign-invested enterprises to settle 100 per cent. (tentative) of the foreign 
currency capital (that has been processed through SAFE’s equity interest confirmation proceedings for capital 
contribution in cash or registered by a bank on SAFE’s system for account-crediting for such capital 
contribution) into Renminbi according to their actual operational needs, though SAFE reserves its authority to 
reduce the proportion of foreign currency capital that is allowed to be settled in such manner in the future. On 
the other hand, it is notable that the 2015 SAFE Circular continues to require that capital contributions should 
be applied within the business scope of a foreign-invested company for purposes that are legitimate and for that 
foreign-invested company’s own operations; with respect to the Renminbi proceeds obtained through the 
aforementioned settlement procedure, the 2015 SAFE Circular prohibits such proceeds from being applied 
outside the business scope of the company or for any prohibitive purposes in law, or applied directly or indirectly 
(i) to securities investments (unless otherwise permitted in law), (ii) to granting entrusted loans or repaying of 
inter-company lending (including advance payment made by third parties) or bank loans that have been on lent 
to third parties, or (iii) to purchasing non-self-use real estates (unless it is a real estate company). In addition, 
the 2015 SAFE Circular allows foreign-invested investment companies, foreign-invested venture capital firms 
and foreign-invested equity investment companies to make equity investment through Renminbi funds to be 
settled, or those already settled, from their foreign currency capital by transferring such settled Renminbi funds 
into accounts of invested enterprises, according to the actual investment scale of the proposed equity investment 
projects. 
On 5 June 2015, the PBoC promulgated an order to revise certain existing PBoC regulations, which is 
to reflect the reform to a new registered capital system of PRC-incorporated companies under the PRC 
Company Law effective as of 1 March 2014 (the “PBoC Order”). Among other things, the PBoC confirmed in 
the PBoC Order that capital verification of a foreign-invested enterprise under article 10 of the PBoC RMB FDI 
Measures is no longer a mandatory procedure before the establishment, and the requirement under the PBoC 
RMB FDI Notice that a foreign-invested enterprise is not allowed to borrow offshore RMB funds until its 
registered capital is paid up in full and as scheduled is also abolished. 
On 26 April 2016, SAFE promulgated the Notice on Further Promoting Trade and Investment 
Facilitation and Improving Authenticity Review (the “2016 SAFE Notice”) to streamline the reviewing process 
of the foreign exchange administration to prevent the risks of cross-border capital flows. First, the 2016 SAFE 
Notice stretches the lower limit of the composite foreign exchange settlement and sale position of banks. For 
example, the lower limit of the position for a bank whose foreign exchange settlement and sale business volume 
in the preceding year reaches or exceeds the equivalent of U.S.$200 billion will be adjusted to negative U.S.$5 
billion. Second, the 2016 SAFE Notice makes more delivery methods available for forward foreign exchange 
settlement, where banks may select the method of gross settlement or balance settlement for delivery upon 
maturity when handling forward foreign exchange settlement for institutional clients. Furthermore, the policies 
on the administration over foreign exchange settlement of foreign debts applicable to Chinese-funded and 
foreign-invested enterprises are unified under the 2016 SAFE Notice; the foreign debts borrowed by Chinese-
funded non-financial enterprises may be settled for use pursuant to the prevailing regulations on foreign debt 
applicable to foreign-invested enterprises. The 2016 SAFE Notice also emphasises standardisation of the 
administration over the outbound remittance of profits in foreign currency from direct investment, and banks, 
when handling the remittance of profits exceeding the equivalent of U.S.$50,000 abroad for a domestic 
institution, are required to examine the profit distribution resolution of the board of directors (or the profit 
distribution resolution of all investors) that is related to this remittance of profits abroad, the original of its tax 
record-filing form and the financial statements as proof of the profits involved in this remittance according to 
the principle of transaction authenticity. 
On 9 June 2016, SAFE promulgated another Circular on Reforming and Standardising the 
Administrative Provisions on Capital Account Foreign Exchange Settlement of Foreign Exchange under Capital 
Accounts (the “2016 SAFE Circular”), which became effective on the date of issuance. The 2016 SAFE Circular

--- Page 122 ---
122 
provided, among others, that the settlement of foreign exchange funds under capital accounts (including the 
foreign capital, debt financing and overseas listing repatriation of funds, etc.) that are subject to willingness 
settlement as already specified by relevant policies may be handled at banks based on the domestic institutions’ 
actual requirements for business operation, and where there are restrictive provisions in any current regulations 
on the settlement of foreign exchange funds under capital accounts of domestic institutions, these provisions 
shall prevail. The 2016 SAFE Circular also summarises the experience in settlement of capital account items 
gained from the earlier pilot programmes in a number of free trade zones, and intends to uniform the 
management rules on voluntary settlement and payment of foreign exchange earnings under capital account 
nationwide. Among other things, the 2016 SAFE Circular allows (i) domestic enterprises (including Chinese-
funded enterprises and foreign-invested enterprises, excluding financial institutions) to settle their foreign debts 
in foreign currencies according to the method of voluntary foreign exchange settlement, and (ii) all the domestic 
institutions to voluntarily settle 100 per cent. (tentative) of the foreign exchange earnings under capital account 
(including capital in foreign currencies, foreign debts, funds repatriated from overseas listing, etc.) into 
Renminbi based on their actual operating needs, although SAFE reserves its authority to reduce the proportion 
of the foreign currency gains under the capital account that can be settled in such manner in the future. With 
respect to the Renminbi proceeds obtained through the aforementioned settlement procedure, the 2016 SAFE 
Circular reiterates that such proceeds are prohibited from being applied outside the business scope of the 
enterprise or for any purposes prohibited by law, or applied (x) directly or indirectly to securities investment or 
investment and wealth management products other than principal-protected products issued by banks, (y) 
directly or indirectly to granting entrusted loans, unless otherwise permitted by business scope, or (z) purchasing 
or constructing non-self-use real estate (unless it is a real estate company). Finally, the 2016 SAFE Circular 
expressly indicates that in the event of any discrepancy between the 2016 SAFE Circular and the 2015 SAFE 
Circular, the 2016 SAFE Circular shall prevail. 
On 11 January 2017, PBoC issued the Notice on Full-coverage Macro-prudent Management of Cross-
border Financing (the “2017 PBoC Notice”), according to which, the non-financial enterprises and financial 
institutions (excluding government financing platforms and real estate enterprises) in China may independently 
carry out cross-border financing in Renminbi and foreign currencies pursuant to applicable provisions, subject 
to the cross-border financing restraint mechanism under the framework of macro-prudent rules imposed by 
PBoC. Among other things, the 2017 PBoC Notice provides that the upper limit of the risk-weighted balance 
of cross-border financing of an enterprise is increased from 100 per cent. to 200 per cent. of the net assets of 
such enterprise, and the new method to calculate the risk-weighted balance of cross-border financing grants the 
financial institutions a larger quota for cross-border financing. 
On 26 January 2017, SAFE promulgated a Notice on Further Promoting the Reform of Foreign Exchange 
Administration and Improving Authenticity and Compliance Review (the “2017 SAFE Notice”, together with 
the 2015 SAFE Notice, 2015 SAFE Circular, 2016 SAFE Notice and 2016 SAFE Circular, the “SAFE Rules”) 
to establish a capital flow management system under the macro-prudent management framework. Pursuant to 
the 2017 SAFE Notice, (i) the scope of settlement of domestic foreign exchange loans is expanded, where the 
settlement is allowed for domestic foreign exchange loans with a background of export trade in goods, and 
domestic institutions shall repay such loans with the foreign currency earned from export trade in goods rather 
than by purchasing foreign exchange; (ii) funds under foreign debts (including those denominated in offshore 
Renminbi) secured by domestic guarantees (Nei Bao Wai Dai) are allowed to be repatriated to China and 
therefore a debtor may directly or indirectly repatriate such funds to China by way of extending loans or making 
equity investments in China; (iii) centralised operation and management of the foreign exchange funds of 
multinational companies is further facilitated, and the percentage of the deposits drawn by a domestic bank via 
a main account for international foreign exchange funds that may be used in China is adjusted to no more than 
100 per cent. (as opposed to 50 per cent., previously) of the average daily deposit balance of the preceding six 
months; and (iv) foreign exchange settlement is allowed for the domestic foreign exchange accounts of overseas

--- Page 123 ---
123 
institutions within pilot free trade zones. The 2017 SAFE Notice also emphasised the importance of the foreign 
exchange administration over trade in goods, and the management of the outbound remittance of the foreign 
exchange profits of foreign direct investment in China, as well as the authenticity and compliance review of the 
outbound direct investment by PRC domestic institutions. 
On 5 January 2018, PBoC promulgated the Notice on Further Improving the RMB Cross-Border 
Business Policies and Promoting the Facilitation of Trading and Investment (the “2018 PBoC Notice”) to further 
support the use of RMB for cross-border settlement. According to the 2018 PBoC Notice, all cross-border 
transactions that can be settled by foreign exchange under the relevant PRC laws can be settled in RMB. Foreign 
investors that plan to set up multiple foreign-invested enterprises in the PRC are allowed to open separate 
special RMB upfront expense deposit accounts for each enterprise. Foreign-Invested enterprises are allowed to 
open more than one special RMB capital deposit account outside its domicile. Funds in different special RMB 
capital deposit accounts under the same account name may be transferred among such accounts. The 2018 
PBoC Notice also stated that foreign investors’ profits, dividends and other investment proceeds that are 
legitimately obtained in the PRC may be freely remitted outside the PRC via the RMB cross-border settlement 
system after a diligent review of the relevant supporting documents by the relevant handling banks. PRC 
domestic enterprises may, based on their actual needs, remit into the PRC the RMB funds raised through 
offshore issuance of RMB bonds after going through proper formalities under the full coverage macro-prudent 
management of cross-border financing mechanism of the PBoC. RMB funds raised by a PRC domestic 
enterprise through offshore issuance of stocks may be remitted back into the PRC based on its actual needs. 
On 15 March 2019, SAFE promulgated the Circular on the Centralized Operation of Cross-Border Funds 
of Multinational Companies (the “2019 SAFE Circular”), which emphasises the purpose of facilitating trade 
and investment and serving the real economy. Pursuant to the 2019 SAFE Circular, multinational companies 
may, based on the macro-prudent principle, add the foreign debt quota and/or overseas lending quota, and carry 
out the overseas borrowing and lending activity following commercial practice within the scale of the aggregate 
quota. In addition, the foreign debt and overseas loan registration is simplified and a one-time registration 
mechanism is adopted, which means multinational companies are no longer required, based on currency type 
and the role (creditor or debtor), to register the relevant debt or loan one by one. Among other things, the 2019 
SAFE Circular also provides that a hosting company of MEG need not submit every authenticity proof material 
to the cooperative bank beforehand when it is handling the payment and use of foreign exchange income under 
the capital account. 
On 15 March 2019, the China National People’s Congress promulgated the Foreign Investment Law (the 
“Foreign Investment Law”) which, upon taking effect on 1 January 2020, will replace some of the basic laws 
and regulations relating to foreign investment in China. The Foreign Investment Law is viewed to promote and 
protect foreign investment; among all the protective provisions, one specifically provides that the capital 
contribution made by foreign investors within China, and the profits, capital gains, proceeds out of asset 
disposal, intellectual property rights’ licensing fee, indemnity or compensation legally obtained, or proceeds 
received upon settlement by foreign investors within China, may be freely remitted inward and outward in RMB 
yuan or a foreign currency. 
As the MOFCOM Circular, the PBoC Rules, the PBoC Order, the 2017 PBoC Notice, the SAFE Rules, 
the 2017 PBoC Measures, the 2018 PBoC Notice and the Foreign Investment Law are relatively new 
regulations, they will be subject to interpretation and application by the relevant PRC authorities. 
Although the Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the International 
Monetary Fund in 2016, there is no assurance that approval of such remittances, borrowing or provision of 
external guarantee in Renminbi will continue to be granted or will not be revoked in the future. Further, since 
the remittance of Renminbi by way of investment or loans are now categorised as capital account items, such

--- Page 124 ---
124 
remittances will need to be made subject to the specific requirements or restrictions set out in the relevant SAFE 
rules. 
If any new PRC regulations are promulgated in the future which have the effect of permitting or 
restricting (as the case may be) the remittance of Renminbi for payment of transactions categorised as capital 
account items, then such remittances will need to be made subject to the specific requirements or restrictions 
set out in such rules. 
In the event that funds cannot be repatriated out of the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the relevant Issuer to source Renminbi to finance 
its obligations under RMB Notes.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will 
be applied by the relevant Issuer for its general corporate purposes.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
FORM OF THE GUARANTEE 
In respect of each Tranche of Notes issued by Nestlé Holdings, Inc. and by Nestlé Finance International 
Ltd., the Guarantor will execute and deliver a Guarantee in substantially the form (subject to completion) set 
out below. Each Guarantee will be deposited for the benefit of the relevant Noteholders [and Couponholders] 
with the [Agent][Transfer Agent]. 
The form of the Guarantee set out below is a joint and several suretyship (cautionnement solidaire) 
pursuant to Article 496 of the Swiss Code of Obligations. Such a guarantee is accessory in nature, which means 
that its enforceability is dependent upon the legal validity and enforceability of the primary obligation to which 
it relates. This means that the Guarantor will only have an obligation to pay a Noteholder an amount under the 
Guarantee if and to the extent such Noteholder has a legally valid and enforceable claim against the relevant 
Issuer to pay such amount under the relevant Tranche of Notes. A joint and several suretyship pursuant to Article 
496 of the Swiss Code of Obligations is also governed by a number of statutory provisions of Swiss law that 
are designed to protect the surety, among other things, that: 
 
the terms of the Guarantee will limit the aggregate amount payable by the Guarantor to the 
Noteholders (including amounts in respect of principal, interest and other amounts due and 
unpaid under the Notes) to a fixed amount in the Specified Currency of the Notes, the so-called 
Maximum Guarantee Amount. The Maximum Guarantee Amount under the Guarantee relating 
to each Tranche of Notes will be equal to the payment of the principal and three years’ interest in 
respect of such Notes. That is (i) the initial aggregate principal amount of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes, plus (ii) three multiplied by the product of (x) the interest rate per annum applicable to 
such Notes and (y) the initial aggregate principal amount of such Notes; 
 
any defences that the relevant Issuer may assert against a Noteholder, whether available to the 
relevant Issuer under the terms of the Notes or under English law or otherwise, may, as a rule, 
also be asserted by the Guarantor against such Noteholder with respect to claims under the related 
Guarantee (even if the relevant Issuer has itself waived or otherwise not exercised any such 
defence); 
 
if a Noteholder seeks to enforce the Guarantee against the Guarantor in Switzerland, the 
Guarantor may petition the competent court to stay the enforcement proceeding against it until 
such time as insolvency or related proceedings against the relevant Issuer are completed without 
such Noteholder having been paid in full for amounts owed to it under the Notes, so long as the 
Guarantor posts sufficient collateral; 
 
in the event of insolvency proceedings in respect of the relevant Issuer, if a Noteholder fails to 
file its claims against the relevant Issuer under such Note or to do everything conscionable to 
safeguard its rights under such Note in such proceedings, such Noteholder will forfeit its claims 
against the Guarantor under the related Guarantee if and to the extent that the Guarantor suffers 
damages as a result of such failure; and 
 
in accordance with Swiss law on suretyships, a Noteholder cannot make any further claim under 
or in connection with the Guarantee after its termination date, unless legal proceedings are 
initiated by such Noteholder prior to the end of the four week period following such termination 
date and pursued by such Noteholder without significant interruption. 
THIS GUARANTEE is entered into on [issue date] by Nestlé S.A. for the benefit of the Relevant 
Account Holders [(as defined in the Agency Agreement referred to below)][(as defined in the Note Agency 
Agreement referred to below)] and the holders for the time being of the Notes (as defined below) [and the

--- Page 127 ---
127 
interest coupons appertaining to the Notes (the “Coupons”)]. Each Relevant Account Holder[,] [and] each 
holder of a Note [and each holder of a Coupon] is a “Holder”. 
WHEREAS 
(A) 
Nestlé Holdings, Inc. and Nestlé Finance International Ltd. as issuers and Nestlé S.A. as guarantor (the 
“Guarantor”) in respect of all notes issued by Nestlé Holdings, Inc. and by Nestlé Finance International 
Ltd. have entered into an amended and restated Programme Agreement dated 30 May 2023 (the 
“Programme Agreement”, which expression includes the same as it may be supplemented and/or 
amended and restated from time to time) with the Programme Dealers named therein in respect of a Debt 
Issuance Programme; 
(B) 
[Nestlé Holdings, Inc./ Nestlé Finance International Ltd.] (the “Issuer”) has agreed to issue [title of Notes 
being issued] (the “Notes”) on [issue date]; and 
(C) 
The Issuer has entered into [an amended and restated Agency Agreement dated 30 May 2022 (the 
“Agency Agreement”) relating to the Notes.][the amended and restated Note Agency Agreement dated 
30 May 2022 (the “Note Agency Agreement”) relating to the Notes.] 
The Guarantor as joint and several surety (caution solidaire) according to Article 496 of the Swiss Code 
of Obligations hereby irrevocably guarantees to each Holder the due and punctual payment, in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the “Conditions”), of the principal, interest (if any) and any other 
amounts due and payable by the Issuer to such Holder under the Notes or under Clause 28 of the [Agency 
Agreement][Note Agency Agreement], as the case may be, up to a maximum amount of [insert details/basis of 
calculation] (in words: [insert number in words]) (the “Maximum Guarantee Amount”), upon the following 
terms: 
(1) 
In the event of any failure by the Issuer [or any corporation substituted pursuant to Condition 13]* 
[(hereinafter called the “Relevant Issuer”)]* punctually to pay any such principal, interest (if any) or 
other amount as and when the same becomes due in accordance with the Conditions, and, except in the 
event that the [Relevant]* Issuer’s insolvency is evident, provided that the relevant Holder shall have 
made a request to the [Relevant]* Issuer for payment of such amount, the Guarantor as joint and several 
surety will on demand pay to the relevant Holder any such principal, interest (if any) or other amount. 
(2) 
The Guarantor confirms, with respect to each Note [and Coupon] and Clause 28 of the [Agency 
Agreement][Note Agency Agreement], that it does not have and will not assert as a defence to any claim 
under this Guarantee (i) any right to require any proceedings to be brought first against the [Relevant]* 
Issuer or any paying agent, or (ii) any right to require filing of claims with any court, or (iii) any 
suspension or cancellation of the [Relevant]* Issuer’s obligation to make payments under the Notes for 
the reasons described in Article 501 paragraph 4 of the Swiss Code of Obligations, and covenants that 
this Guarantee will not be discharged except by complete performance of the obligations contained in 
each Note [and Coupon] and/or Clause 28 of the [Agency Agreement][Note Agency Agreement] or 
otherwise in accordance with Clause (6) hereof. 
(3) 
This Guarantee extends, subject to the Maximum Guarantee Amount, to all principal, interest (if any) 
and other amounts due and payable by the [Relevant]* Issuer to the Holder under the Notes, and Article 
499 paragraph 2 of the Swiss Code of Obligations is not applicable to this Guarantee. 
(4) 
Amounts payable under this Guarantee (including interest (if any), and any other amount due and 
payable by the [Relevant]* Issuer) may not exceed the Maximum Guarantee Amount in the aggregate. 
 
* 
Delete in the case of Notes issued by Nestlé Holdings, Inc.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
(5) 
This Guarantee constitutes a direct, unsecured (subject to the provisions of Condition 3) and 
unsubordinated obligation of the Guarantor and will rank pari passu with all other present and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations outstanding of the Guarantor (other than obligations 
mandatorily preferred by law applying to companies generally). 
(6) 
This Guarantee will continue in full force and effect until the earlier of (i) the date on which all sums 
payable in respect of the Notes shall have been paid in full, and (ii) the date which is 365 days after 
[maturity date of the Notes], at which date it will expire automatically without further notice, except, to 
the extent applicable, as described in Article 510 paragraph 3 of the Swiss Code of Obligations. 
(7) 
The Guarantor agrees that it shall comply with and be bound by those provisions contained in Condition 
2(b), Condition 3(b), Condition [7(a)]/[7(b)] and (c) and Condition 11 insofar as the same relate to 
the Guarantor. 
(8) 
This Guarantee is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the substantive laws of 
Switzerland. 
(9) 
The courts of the Canton of Vaud, Switzerland, (venue being the City of Vevey) shall have exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any and all disputes arising out of or in connection with this Guarantee. 
Dated [Issue Date] 
NESTLÉ S.A. 
By:  .................................................  
By:  .................................................  
 
 
 Delete in the case of Notes issued by Nestlé Finance International Ltd. 
 Delete in the case of Notes issued by Nestlé Holdings, Inc.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme which have a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency). 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients 
are appropriate – investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services – 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”) and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); (ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable. [Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)]/[Any distributor] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable.]  
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market

--- Page 130 ---
130 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)]/[Any distributor] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PRIIPs Regulation / Prospectus Regulation / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL 
INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
UK PRIIPs Regulation / UK Prospectus Regulation / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL 
INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[Singapore SFA Product Classification – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies 
all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets 
products] / [capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded] / [Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-

--- Page 131 ---
131 
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on 
Investment Products.]1 
Final Terms 
Dated [●] 
[Nestlé Holdings, Inc.]/ 
[Nestlé Finance International Ltd. 
Registered office: 7, rue Nicolas Bové, L-1253 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
R.C.S. Luxembourg: B-136737] 
[Legal Entity Identifier: [549300EAEU8YV8MQXP30]/[0KLLMNHINTFDRMU6DI05] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Guaranteed by Nestlé S.A. 
under the Debt Issuance Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
set forth in the Prospectus dated 30 May 2023 [as supplemented by the Prospectus Supplement[s] dated [   ]], 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus [as so supplemented], including documents incorporated by 
reference. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus [as so supplemented]. [A summary is annexed to 
these Final Terms.] The Prospectus [and the Prospectus Supplement[s] [is][are] available for viewing on the 
Nestlé 
Group’s 
investor 
relations 
website, 
which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://www.nestle.com/investors/bonds/investorbonds/debt-issuance-program-documents 
and 
[is][are] 
available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com [Please insert the following 
item in the case of Notes to be admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange: and/or on the website 
of the SIX Swiss Exchange].  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in, and extracted from, the Prospectus dated [original date] and which are 
incorporated by reference in the Prospectus dated [current date]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
the Prospectus dated [current date] [and the Prospectus Supplement[s] dated [ ]], which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, including the Conditions which are extracted 
from the Prospectus dated [original date] and incorporated by reference in the Prospectus dated [current date]. 
Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus dated [current date] [and the Prospectus Supplement[s] 
dated [ ]]. [A summary is annexed to these Final Terms.] Copies of the Prospectus [and the Prospectus 
Supplement[s]] [is][are] available for viewing on the Nestlé Group’s investor relations website, which can be 
 
1 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
found 
at 
https://www.nestle.com/investors/bonds/investorbonds/debt-issuance-program-documents 
and 
[is][are] available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com. [Please insert the 
following item in the case of Notes to be admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange: and/or on 
the website of the SIX Swiss Exchange]]  
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
1
(a) Series Number: 
[ ] 
 
(b) Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
 
(c) Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes shall be consolidated to form a 
single Series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with 
the [ ] on [ ]/[the Issue Date]/[exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph [23] below [which is expected to occur on or about [ 
]]]] 
2
Specified Currency: 
[ ] 
3
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) Series: 
[ ] 
 
(b) Tranche: 
[ ] 
4
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus [] days’ 
accrued interest in respect of the period from, and including, [ ] 
to, but excluding, [ ]] 
5
(a) Specified Denominations: 
[ ] [and integral multiples of [ ] in excess thereof up to and 
including [ ]. Definitive Notes will not be issued in 
denominations in excess of [ ]] 
 
(b) Calculation Amount: 
[ ] 
6
(a) Issue Date: 
[ ] 
 
(b) Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[ ]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
7
Maturity Date: 
[ ]/[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [ ]] 
8
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[ ] month [EURIBOR] +/- [ ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate Interest Basis] 
[Zero Coupon] 
9
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [100]/[ ] per cent. 
of their nominal amount 
10
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable]/[For the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [ ] 
paragraph [13/14] applies and for the period from (and 
including) [ ], [up to (but excluding)] the Maturity Date, 
paragraph [13/14] applies] 
11
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put Option] 
[Issuer Call Option]

--- Page 133 ---
133 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call Option] 
[Issuer Make-Whole Call Option] 
[Issuer Clean-up Call Option] 
[Not Applicable] 
[(further 
particulars 
specified 
below 
in 
paragraph [16/17/18/19/20])] 
12
Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes and Guarantee obtained: 
[[ ] and [ ], respectively] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Rate(s) of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date[. The first Fixed Interest Period shall be the period 
commencing on, and including, the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on, but excluding, [ ] ([short]/[long] first 
coupon)] 
 
(b) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] in each year from and including [ ], up to, and including, the 
[Maturity Date]/[ ] [adjusted in accordance] with the [Following 
Business Day Convention]/[Modified Following Business Day 
Convention]/[ ] [with the Additional Business Centres for the 
definition of “Business Day” being [ ]] [[adjusted]/[with no 
adjustment] for period end dates] 
 
(c) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount (applicable to the Notes in definitive 
form) and [ ] per Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes 
(applicable to the Notes in global form), payable on each Interest 
Payment Date[, except for the amount of interest payable on the 
first Interest Payment Date falling on [ ]] 
 
(d) Broken Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount (applicable to the Notes in definitive 
form) and [ ] per Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes 
(applicable to the Notes in global form), payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling on [ ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
14
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Specified Period(s): 
[ ][subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in paragraph 14(d) below]/[not subject to any 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in paragraph 14(d) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
(b) Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[ ] 
 
(c) First Interest Payment Date: 
[ ] 
 
(d) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention]/[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day

--- Page 134 ---
134 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(e) Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[ ] 
 
(f) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
 
(g) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Agent) (the 
“Calculation Agent”): 
[ ] 
 
(h) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
- 
Reference Rate: 
[ ] month [EURIBOR] 
 
 
- 
Relevant Financial Centre:
[Brussels] 
 
 
- 
Interest 
Determination
Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
 
- 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] 
 
(i) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] 
 
 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] 
 
 
- 
Reset Date: 
[ ] 
 
(j) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period or Specified Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
 
(k) Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(l) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[zero]/[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(m) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(n) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual]/ 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]/ 
[Actual/360]/ 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis]/ 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis]/ 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]/ 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
15
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Accrual Yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) Reference Price: 
[ ]

--- Page 135 ---
135 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16
Issuer Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(b) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/Condition 6(k) applies] 
 
(c) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/Condition 6(k) applies]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/Condition 6(k) applies]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(d) Notice periods (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions): 
[ ] 
17
Issuer Maturity Par Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Notice periods (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions):] 
[Minimum period: [ ] days] 
[Maximum period: [ ] days] 
18
Issuer Make-Whole Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[ ]/[at any time that is more than 90 days prior to the Maturity 
Date] 
 
(b) Optional Redemption 
Amount of each Note: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount]/[Special Redemption Amount] 
 
(c) Specified Time for Special 
Redemption Amount: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) Redemption Margin: 
[[ ] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Calculation Agent (if not the 
Agent) (the “Calculation 
Agent”): 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] 
 
(g) Notice periods (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions): 
[Minimum period: [ ] days]/[Not Applicable] 
[Maximum period: [ ] days]/[Not Applicable] 
19
Issuer Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/Condition 6(k) applies] 
 
(b) Notice periods (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions): 
[Minimum period: [ ] days]/[Not Applicable] 
[Maximum period: [ ] days]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 136 ---
136 
20
Investor Put Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(b) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/Condition 6(k) applies] 
21
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[ ]/[Par] per Calculation Amount] 
22
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default/or other earlier 
redemption: 
[[ ]/[Par] per Calculation Amount/Condition 6(k) applies] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23
Form of Notes: 
[ ] 
24
[New 
Global 
Note]/[New 
Safekeeping Structure]: 
[Yes][No] 
25
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
Payment Days: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] 
26
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to definitive Notes: 
[No]/[Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are still to be made] 
27
Spot Rate (if different from that set 
out in Condition 5(g)): 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] 
28
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating the Spot Rate for the 
purposes of Condition 5(g) (if not 
the Agent): 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] 
29
RMB Settlement Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] 
30
Relevant Benchmark: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal name]. 
As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] [appears]/[does 
not appear] in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[Not Applicable] 
[REPRESENTATION 
Please delete this entire item in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Please insert this item in the case of Notes to be admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange: In 
case of Notes listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange: In accordance with Article 43 of the Listing Rules of the SIX

--- Page 137 ---
137 
Swiss Exchange, the Issuer [and the Guarantor] has [have] appointed [ ], located at [ ], as recognised 
representative to lodge the listing application with SIX Exchange Regulation AG.] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[ ] has been extracted from [ ]. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as each of the Issuer and the Guarantor is aware and is able to ascertain 
from the information published by [ ], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
 
 
 
By: .............................................................  
Duly authorised 
 
By: .............................................................  
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
By: .............................................................  
Duly authorised 
 
By: .............................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 138 ---
138 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1
LISTING 
 
 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
[Application [has been made][is expected to be made] by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange with 
effect from [ ]] / [Application [has been made][is expected to be 
made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed 
and admitted to trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange with effect 
from [ ]] [Please delete item relating to the SIX Swiss Exchange 
in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. Please insert the relevant item in the case of Notes 
admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange] 
2
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
 
[The Notes to be issued [are not]/[have been]/[are expected to 
be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally]]: 
[Moody’s Italia S.r.l. (“Moody’s”): [ ] 
An obligation rated '[ ]' [Insert definition of [ ] available via 
weblink below].  
The modifier ['1' indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher 
end of its generic category / ‘2’ indicates a mid-range ranking / 
‘3’ indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating 
category] [Delete as applicable].  
(Source: 
Moody's, 
https://www.moodys.com/Pages/amr002002.aspx)] 
[S&P Global Ratings, acting through S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (“S&P”): [ ] 
An obligation rated '[ ]' [Insert definition of [ ] available via 
weblink below].  
The [plus (+) / minus (-)] [Delete as applicable] sign show 
relative standing within the rating categories.  
(Source: S&P, 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/article/-
/view/sourceId/504352)] 
[Other] 
3
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
Save for the fees [of [ ]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. [The [Managers/Dealers] and their 
affiliates may have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.]

--- Page 139 ---
139 
4
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
[(i)] 
Reasons for the Offer: 
[As set out in “Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus dated [30] 
May 2023]/[ ] 
[(ii)] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ] [(following deduction of the [ ] commission and concession) 
(before deduction of estimated total expenses)] 
[(iii)]
Estimated total expenses: 
[ ] [for legal, filing and miscellaneous expenses] 
5
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes Only) 
Indication of yield: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
6
[HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Notes Only)] 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR/other] rates can be obtained from [Reuters/Other]]/[Not Applicable] 
7
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i)
ISIN: 
[ ] 
[Until the Notes have been consolidated and form a single series 
with the Existing Notes, they will be assigned a temporary ISIN 
Code as follows: [ ] 
Thereafter, the Notes will assume the same ISIN Code as the 
Existing Notes as follows: [ ]] 
(ii)
Common Code: 
[ ] 
(iii)
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV, 
Clearstream Banking S.A., the 
relevant address and identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] 
 
(iv)
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(v)
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[ ] 
 
(vi)
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes]/[No]/[Not Applicable] 
[Note that the designation “yes” means that the Notes are 
intended upon issue to be deposited with Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
or Clearstream Banking S.A. (the “ICSDs”) as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee of one of 
the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/[Note that the designation 
“no” means that should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
such criteria, the Notes may then be deposited with Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV or Clearstream Banking S.A. (the “ICSDs”) as 
common safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee of

--- Page 140 ---
140 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
8
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i)
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
(ii)
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) Names and addresses of 
Managers and underwriting 
commitments: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] 
 
(B) Date of the Letter for a 
Syndicated Note Issue: 
[ ] 
 
(C) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] 
(iii)
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] 
(iv)
Total commission and concession: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(v)
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1]/[2]]; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA Not Applicable/Short term obligations issued in 
compliance with United States Treasury Regulations Section 
1.6049-5(b)(10)]  
(vi)
Public Offer where there is no 
exemption from the obligation 
under the Prospectus Regulation to 
publish a Prospectus: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable - see paragraph 9 below.] 
(vii)
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s): 
[Specify the relevant Member State(s) where the Issuer intends 
to make the Public Offer, which must be jurisdictions where the 
Prospectus and any supplements have been passported (in 
addition to the jurisdiction where approved and published)] 
(viii) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
9
[TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PUBLIC OFFER 
An offer of the Notes may be made by each of the Managers [and [ ]] and any [other] placers (authorised 
directly or indirectly by the Issuer or any of the Managers), other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in the Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) during the Offer Period (as defined below). 
The above consent is subject to the following conditions: [   ]. 
(i)
Offer Period: 
From the date of and following publication of these Final Terms 
being [ ] 20[ ] to[ ] 20[ ]. 
(ii)
Offer Price: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] 
(iii)
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ]

--- Page 141 ---
141 
(iv)
Description of the application 
process: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] 
(v)
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and the manner for 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] 
(vi)
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application 
(whether in number of Notes or 
aggregate amount to invest): 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] 
(vii)
Method and time limits for paying 
up the Notes and for delivery of the 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] 
(viii) Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be made 
public: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] 
(ix)
Procedure for exercise of any right 
of pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] 
(x)
Whether Tranche(s) have been 
reserved for certain countries: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] 
(xi)
Process 
for 
notification 
to 
applicants of the amount allotted 
and the indication whether dealing 
may begin before notification is 
made: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] 
(xii)
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically 
charged 
to 
the 
subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] 
(xiii) Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
Placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ]] 
 
SUMMARY 
[   ]

--- Page 142 ---
142 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme which have a minimum denomination of at least €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency). 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients 
are appropriate – investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services – 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”) and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); (ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable. [Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)]/[Any distributor] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable.]  
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market

--- Page 143 ---
143 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)]/[Any distributor] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PRIIPs Regulation / Prospectus Regulation / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL 
INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
UK PRIIPs Regulation / UK Prospectus Regulation / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL 
INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[Singapore SFA Product Classification – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies 
all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets 
products] / [capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded] / [Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-

--- Page 144 ---
144 
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on 
Investment Products.]2 
Final Terms 
Dated [●] 
[Nestlé Holdings, Inc.]/ 
[Nestlé Finance International Ltd. 
Registered office: 7, rue Nicolas Bové, L-1253 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
R.C.S. Luxembourg: B-136737] 
[Legal Entity Identifier: [549300EAEU8YV8MQXP30]/[0KLLMNHINTFDRMU6DI05] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Guaranteed by Nestlé S.A. 
under the Debt Issuance Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
set forth in the Prospectus dated 30 May 2023 [as supplemented by the Prospectus Supplement[s] dated [●]], 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus [as so supplemented], including documents incorporated by 
reference. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Prospectus [and the 
Prospectus Supplement[s]] [is][are] available for viewing on the Nestlé Group’s investor relations website, 
which can be found at https://www.nestle.com/investors/bonds/investorbonds/debt-issuance-program-
documents and [is][are] available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com [Please 
insert the following item in the case of Notes to be admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange: 
and/or on the website of the SIX Swiss Exchange].  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in, and extracted from, the Prospectus dated [original date] and which are 
incorporated by reference in the Prospectus dated [current date]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
the Prospectus dated [current date] [and the Prospectus Supplement[s] dated [ ]], which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, including the Conditions which are extracted 
from the Prospectus dated [original date] and incorporated by reference in the Prospectus dated [current date]. 
Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus dated [current date] [and the Prospectus Supplement[s] 
dated [ ]]. Copies of the Prospectus [and the Prospectus Supplement[s]] [is][are] available for viewing on the 
Nestlé 
Group’s 
investor 
relations 
website, 
which 
can 
be 
found 
at 
https://www.nestle.com/investors/bonds/investorbonds/debt-issuance-program-documents 
and 
[is][are] 
 
2 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com. [Please insert the following 
item in the case of Notes to be admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange: and/or on the website 
of the SIX Swiss Exchange]]  
 
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
1
(a) Series Number: 
[ ] 
 
(b) Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
 
(c) Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes shall be consolidated to form a 
single Series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with 
the [ ] on [ ]/[the Issue Date] /[ exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph [23] below [which is expected to occur on or about [ 
]]]] 
2
Specified Currency: 
[ ] 
3
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) Series: 
[ ] 
 
(b) Tranche: 
[ ] 
4
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus [] days’ 
accrued interest in respect of the period from, and including, [ ] 
to, but excluding, [ ]] 
5
(a) Specified Denominations: 
[ ] [and integral multiples of [ ] in excess thereof up to and 
including [ ]. Definitive Notes will not be issued in 
denominations in excess of [ ]] 
 
(b) Calculation Amount: 
[ ] 
6
(a) Issue Date: 
[ ] 
 
(b) Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[ ]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
7
Maturity Date: 
[ ]/[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [ ]] 
8
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[ ] month [EURIBOR] +/- [ ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate Interest Basis] 
[Zero Coupon] 
9
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [100]/[ ] per cent. 
of their nominal amount 
10
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable]/[For the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [ ] 
paragraph [13/14] applies and for the period from (and 
including) [ ], [up to (but excluding)] the Maturity Date, 
paragraph [13/14] applies] 
11
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put Option]

--- Page 146 ---
146 
[Issuer Call Option] 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call Option] 
[Issuer Make-Whole Call Option] 
[Issuer Clean-up Call Option] 
[Not Applicable] 
[(further 
particulars 
specified 
below 
in 
paragraph 
[16/17/18/19/20])] 
12
Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes and Guarantee obtained: 
[[ ] and [ ], respectively] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Rate(s) of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date[. The first Fixed Interest Period shall be the period 
commencing on, and including, the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on, but excluding, [ ] ([short]/[long] first 
coupon)] 
 
(b) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] in each year from and including [ ], up to, and including, the 
[Maturity Date]/[ ] [adjusted in accordance] with the [Following 
Business Day Convention]/[Modified Following Business Day 
Convention]/[ ] [with the Additional Business Centres for the 
definition of “Business Day” being [ ]] [[adjusted]/[with no 
adjustment] for period end dates] 
 
(c) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount (applicable to the Notes in definitive 
form) and [ ] per Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes 
(applicable to the Notes in global form), payable on each Interest 
Payment Date[, except for the amount of interest payable on the 
first Interest Payment Date falling on [ ]] 
 
(d) Broken Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount (applicable to the Notes in definitive 
form) and [ ] per Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes 
(applicable to the Notes in global form), payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling on [ ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
14
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Specified Period(s): 
[ ][subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in paragraph 14(d) below]/[not subject to any 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in paragraph 14(d) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
(b) Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[ ] 
 
(c) First Interest Payment Date: 
[ ] 
 
(d) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention]/[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day

--- Page 147 ---
147 
Convention]/[Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(e) Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[ ] 
 
(f) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]/[ISDA Determination] 
 
(g) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Agent) (the 
“Calculation Agent”): 
[ ] 
 
(h) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
- 
Reference Rate: 
[ ] month [EURIBOR] 
 
 
- 
Relevant 
Financial
Centre: 
[Brussels] 
 
 
- 
Interest 
Determination
Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
 
- 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] 
 
(i) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] 
 
 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] 
 
 
- 
Reset Date: 
[ ] 
 
(j) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period or Specified Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
 
(k) Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(l) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[zero]/[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(m) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(n) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/[Actual/Actual]/ 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]/ 
[Actual/360]/ 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis]/ 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis]/ 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]/ 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
15
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Accrual Yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) Reference Price: 
[ ]

--- Page 148 ---
148 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16
Issuer Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(b) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/Condition 6(k) applies] 
 
(c) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/Condition 6(k) applies]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/Condition 6(k) applies]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(d) Notice periods (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions): 
[ ] 
17
Issuer Maturity Par Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Notice periods (if other than as
set out in the Conditions):] 
[Minimum period: [ ] days] 
[Maximum period: [ ] days] 
18
Issuer Make-Whole Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[ ]/[at any time that is more than 90 days prior to the Maturity 
Date] 
 
(b) Optional Redemption 
Amount of each Note: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount]/[Special Redemption Amount] 
 
(c) Specified Time for Special 
Redemption Amount: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) Redemption Margin: 
[[ ] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Calculation Agent (if not the 
Agent) (the “Calculation Agent”): 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] 
 
Notice periods (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
[Minimum period: [ ] days]/[Not Applicable] 
[Maximum period: [ ] days]/[Not Applicable] 
19
Issuer Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/Condition 6(k) applies] 
 
Notice periods (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
[Minimum period: [ ] days]/[Not Applicable] 
[Maximum period: [ ] days]/[Not Applicable] 
20
Investor Put Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ]

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/Condition 6(k) applies] 
21
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[ ]/[Par] per Calculation Amount] 
22
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default/or other earlier 
redemption: 
[[ ]/[Par] per Calculation Amount/Condition 6(k) applies] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23
Form of Notes: 
[ ] 
24
[New 
Global 
Note]/[New 
Safekeeping Structure]: 
[Yes][No] 
25
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
Payment Days: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] 
26
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to definitive Notes: 
[No]/[Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are still to be made] 
27
Spot Rate (if different from that set 
out in Condition 5(g)): 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] 
28
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating the Spot Rate for the 
purposes of Condition 5(g) (if not 
the Agent): 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] 
29
RMB Settlement Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] 
30
Relevant Benchmark: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal name]. 
As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] [appears]/[does 
not appear] in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[Not Applicable] 
[REPRESENTATION 
Please delete this entire item in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Please insert this item in the case of Notes to be admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange: In 
case of Notes listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange: In accordance with Article 43 of the Listing Rules of the SIX 
Swiss Exchange, the Issuer [and the Guarantor] has [have] appointed [ ], located at [ ], as recognised 
representative to lodge the listing application with SIX Exchange Regulation AG.] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[ ] has been extracted from [ ]. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as each of the Issuer and the Guarantor is aware and is able to ascertain

--- Page 150 ---
150 
from the information published by [ ], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
 
 
 
By: .............................................................  
Duly authorised 
 
By: .............................................................  
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
By: .............................................................  
Duly authorised 
 
By: .............................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 151 ---
151 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1
LISTING 
 
(i)
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
[Application [has been made][is expected to be made] by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange with 
effect from [ ]] [Application [has been made][is expected to be 
made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed 
and admitted to trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange with effect 
from [ ]] [Please delete item relating to the SIX Swiss Exchange 
in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. Please insert the relevant item in the case of Notes 
admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange] 
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[ ] 
2
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
 
[The Notes to be issued [are not]/[have been]/[are expected to 
be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
[Moody’s Italia S.r.l. (“Moody’s”): [ ] 
An obligation rated '[ ]' [Insert definition of [ ] available via 
weblink below].  
The modifier ['1' indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher 
end of its generic category / ‘2’ indicates a mid-range ranking / 
‘3’ indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating 
category] [Delete as applicable].  
(Source: 
Moody's, 
https://www.moodys.com/Pages/amr002002.aspx)] 
[S&P Global Ratings, acting through S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (“S&P”): [ ] 
An obligation rated '[ ]' [Insert definition of [ ] available via 
weblink below].  
The [plus (+) / minus (-)] [Delete as applicable] sign show 
relative standing within the rating categories.  
(Source: S&P, 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/article/-
/view/sourceId/504352)] 
[Other] 
 
3
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
Save for the fees [of [ ]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. [The [Managers/Dealers] and their

--- Page 152 ---
152 
affiliates may have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer, the Guarantor and their affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.] 
4
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
Reasons for the offer: 
[  ] 
[See [“Use of Proceeds”] in [Base] Prospectus/Give details] 
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in [Base] Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in the [Base] 
Prospectus, give details here.) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ] 
5
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes Only) 
Indication of yield: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
6
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i)
ISIN: 
[ ] 
[Until the Notes have been consolidated and form a single series 
with the Existing Notes, they will be assigned a temporary ISIN 
Code as follows: [ ] 
Thereafter, the Notes will assume the same ISIN Code as the 
Existing Notes as follows: [ ]] 
(ii)
Common Code: 
[ ] 
(iii)
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV, 
Clearstream Banking S.A., the 
relevant address and identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] 
 
(iv)
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(v)
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[ ] 
 
(vi)
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes]/[No]/[Not Applicable] 
[Note that the designation “yes” means that the Notes are 
intended upon issue to be deposited with Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
or Clearstream Banking S.A. (the “ICSDs”) as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee of one of 
the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/[Note that the designation 
“no” means that should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
such criteria, the Notes may then be deposited with Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV or Clearstream Banking S.A. (the “ICSDs”) as

--- Page 153 ---
153 
common safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
7
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i)
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
(ii)
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] 
 
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] 
(iii)
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ] 
(iv)
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category [1]/[2]]; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA Not Applicable/Short term obligations issued in 
compliance with United States Treasury Regulations Section 
1.6049-5(b)(10)]  
(v)
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 154 ---
154 
NESTLÉ HOLDINGS, INC. 
Independent Auditors 
The independent auditors of NHI, as of 23 April 2020, are Ernst & Young LLP, 1775 Tysons Blvd, 
Tysons, VA 22102, United States.  
Selected Financial Information 
The following tables show selected financial information from the consolidated income statements, 
consolidated cash flow statements and consolidated balance sheets of NHI as at and for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, respectively, which has been extracted from the audited consolidated 
financial statements of NHI and its subsidiaries for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 as published in 
NHI’s 2022 Annual Financial Report which is incorporated by reference in, and forms part of, this Prospectus. 
Such information should be read and analysed together with the Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
included in NHI’s audited consolidated financial statements for each of the financial years ended 31 December 
2022 and 2021. Copies of NHI’s Annual Financial Reports for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 
2021 are available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com and can also be 
obtained at https://www.nestle.com/investors/bonds/investorbonds/debt-issuance-program-documents. The 
consolidated financial statements of NHI do not comply with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and 
are not meant for distribution in the U.S. or to be used for investment purposes by U.S. investors. 
The audited consolidated financial statements of NHI for each of the financial years ended 31 December 
2022 and 2021 have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued 
by the International Accounting Standards Board. 
Selected financial information from the Consolidated Income Statements - U.S. dollars in millions 
(except Trading operating profit and profit/(loss) in percentages of sales) 
 
Year ended 
2022
Year ended
2021 
Sales ............................................................................................................. 
29,848
26,945 
Trading operating profit ............................................................................... 
2,067
1,100 
Trading operating profit in percentages of sales .......................................... 
6.9%
4.1% 
Profit for the year attributable to shareholders of the parent (Net profit) ..... 
1,127  
689 
Profit for the year attributable to shareholders of the parent (Net profit) in
percentages of sales ...................................................................................... 
3.8%
2.6% 
 
Selected financial information from the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows - U.S. dollars in millions 
 
 
Year ended
2022 
Year ended 
2021 
Operating cash flow ...................................................................................... 
1,535 
2,044

--- Page 155 ---
155 
Selected financial information from the Consolidated Balance Sheets - U.S. dollars in millions 
 
 
31 December
2022
31 December
2021 
 
Total current assets ........................................................................................ 
32,573
30,461 
 
Total non-current assets ................................................................................. 
31,765
30,476 
 
Total current liabilities .................................................................................. 
12,397
13,289 
 
Total non-current liabilities ........................................................................... 
28,321
25,190 
 
Total equity ................................................................................................... 
23,620
22,458 
 
Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent ........................................... 
23,620
22,458 
 
Information about NHI 
General 
NHI was incorporated in the State of Delaware in 1983 under registration number 833330118. NHI is a 
corporation and has unlimited duration. 
The address of the registered office of NHI is The Corporation Trust Company, Corporation Trust Center, 
1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, United States. The telephone number of NHI’s registered 
office is +1 (800) 677 3394. 
The address of NHI’s principal place of business is 30003 Bainbridge Road, Solon, Ohio 44139, United 
States. The telephone number of NHI’s principal place of business is +1 703 682 4600. 
NHI is not aware of any recent events that would impact NHI’s solvency.  
Principal / Future Principal Investments  
On 21 November 2022, Nestlé USA, Inc., a subsidiary of NHI Group, announced with L Catterton that 
they are forming a partnership that is bringing together Freshly and Kettle Cuisine, a leading manufacturer of 
fresh artisanal foods for retail and foodservice customers. The combined company will focus on offering a wide 
assortment of fresh food products to customers across geographies and a variety of channels. L Catterton will 
be the majority owner, with Nestlé USA, Inc. holding a minority stake. 
On 5 March 2021, the NHI Group (as defined below) announced that it has acquired the Essentia Waters 
business, a premium functional water brand headquartered in Bothell, Washington. This transaction is part of 
the Nestlé Group’s continued transformation of its global water business to focus on international premium and 
mineral water brands and healthy hydration products, such as functional water. 
Otherwise, NHI has made no material investments since the date of its last published financial statements 
and, as at the date of this Prospectus, its management has made no other investments or firm commitments with 
respect to material investments in the future. 
Business Overview  
According to its Certificate of Incorporation, the purpose of NHI is primarily to act as a holding company 
for its direct and indirect subsidiaries (which include Nestlé USA, Inc., Nestlé Purina PetCare Company, Nestlé 
Prepared Foods Company, Nestlé HealthCare Nutrition, Inc., Nespresso USA, Inc. and Gerber Products 
Company) (the “NHI Group”).

--- Page 156 ---
156 
The NHI Group engages primarily in the manufacture and sale of food products, petcare products and 
beverage products. These businesses derive revenue across the United States. The subsidiary businesses of NHI 
are organised by principal product groups as described below. 
Nestlé USA, Inc. manufactures and sells a wide range of grocery and food service products, including 
coffee, non-dairy creamers and other beverages. These products are marketed under several brand names, 
including “Nestlé®”, “Nescafé®”, “Nesquik®”, “Coffee Mate®”, “Chef-Mate®”, “DiGiorno®”, 
“Tombstone®”, “California Pizza Kitchen® frozen pizza”, “Nestlé® Toll House® Baking”, ‘‘Perrier®’’, ‘‘S. 
Pellegrino®’’, ‘‘Acqua Panna®’’, ‘‘Essentia’’ and others.  
Nestlé Purina PetCare Company manufactures and sells a diverse range of petcare products including 
dog and cat foods and litter under several brand names, including “Purina®”, “Dog Chow®”, “Cat Chow®”, 
“Pro Plan®”, “Beneful®”, “Friskies®”, “Alpo®”, “ONE®”, “Fancy Feast®”, “Beyond®”, “Beggin®”, “Tidy 
Cats®”, “Merrick®” and others.  
Nestlé Prepared Foods Company manufactures and sells prepared foods for the grocery and food service 
trade, brand name and frozen prepared foods entrées under the “Stouffer’s®”, “Lean Cuisine®” and “Life 
Cuisine” brand names. Nestlé Prepared Foods Company also produces the “Hot Pockets®” line of frozen 
sandwiches.  
Nestlé HealthCare Nutrition, Inc. manufactures and sells medical nutritional products and related 
devices as well as distributes therapeutic products, such as ‘‘Zenpep®’’ gastrointestinal medication and 
collagen, supplements, food and beverages products under the ‘‘Vital Proteins®’’ brand.  
Nespresso USA, Inc. sells high quality portioned coffee that is delivered through a consumer model 
which includes on-line and exclusive retail boutiques. It also sells coffee machines, and certain of such coffee 
machines are developed and manufactured with machine partners. 
Gerber Products Company manufactures and sells infant and toddler food products under several brand 
names, including “Gerber®”, infant formula and others.  
Organisational Structure 
NHI is a wholly owned subsidiary of NIMCO US, Inc., which is a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of 
Nestlé S.A. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
Name, Business Addresses, and Functions  
The management of NHI is formed by the officers appointed as such. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the members of the Board of Directors of NHI are: 
Name 
 
Function 
 
Principal other activities outside 
Nestlé Holdings, Inc. 
Kathleen Carl 
 
Chairwoman of the Board, Chief 
Executive Officer and President 
 
Vice President, Finance, Nestlé 
USA, Inc. 
Rui Barbas 
 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Chief Financial Officer, Nestlé 
USA, Inc.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
The business address of Kathleen Carl and Rui Barbas is c/o Nestlé USA. Inc., 30003 Bainbridge Road, 
Solon, Ohio 44139, United States. 
The principal officers of NHI are:  
Name 
 
Function 
Kathleen Carl 
 
Chairwoman, Chief Executive Officer and President 
Rui Barbas 
 
Chief Financial Officer 
Brian Ingram 
 
Head of Tax and Assistant Treasurer 
Andrew Glass 
 
Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Secretary 
 
The business address of Kathleen Carl, Rui Barbas, Brian Ingram and Andrew Glass is c/o Nestlé USA, 
Inc., 30003 Bainbridge Road, Solon, Ohio 44139, United States.  
Conflicts of Interests 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the above mentioned members of the Board of Directors and the 
principal officers of NHI do not have potential conflicts of interests between any duties to NHI and their private 
interest or other duties.  
Board Practices 
Audit Committee 
NHI does not itself have an audit committee. However, NHI is part of the Nestlé Group which has an 
audit committee that reviews the annual consolidated financial statements of the Nestlé Group. 
Corporate Governance 
Companies that are required to file periodic reports under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are 
generally subject to the corporate governance provisions of the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Although 
NHI is incorporated in the State of Delaware, it is not required to file periodic reports under the U.S. Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934. Accordingly, the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and in particular its corporate 
governance provisions, do not apply to NHI. Instead, as NHI is an indirectly wholly owned subsidiary of Nestlé 
S.A., it adheres to the corporate governance policies set from time to time by the Nestlé Group that are also 
applicable to NHI. 
Major Shareholders  
NHI is a wholly owned subsidiary of NIMCO US, Inc., which is a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of 
Nestlé S.A. 
NHI is not aware of any arrangement the effect of which would result in a change of control of NHI.  
Additional Information 
Share Capital 
The authorised share capital of NHI is U.S.$100,000 and is divided into 1,000 shares of U.S.$100 each 
of which 1,000 have been issued. The additional paid-in capital is U.S.$5,680,000.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
Memorandum and Articles of Association 
The third certification of the Certificate of Incorporation of NHI provides that the corporation is 
authorised to conduct any lawful business to promote any lawful purpose and to engage in any lawful act or 
activity for which corporations may be organised under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 
Dividend Payments 
NHI has not paid any dividends during the last six years. 
Material Contracts 
NHI has not entered into any contracts in areas outside of its ordinary course of business, which could 
result in any group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to NHI’s ability to meet its 
obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
NESTLÉ FINANCE INTERNATIONAL LTD. 
Independent Auditors 
The independent auditors of NFI, as of 28 April 2020, are Ernst & Young S.A. – Cabinet de révision 
agréé, 35E avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.  
Selected Financial Information 
The following tables show selected financial information from the income statements, cash flow 
statements and balance sheets of NFI as at and for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, 
respectively, which has been extracted from the audited financial statements of NFI for the financial year ended 
31 December 2022 as published in NFI’s 2022 Annual Financial Report which is incorporated by reference in, 
and forms part of, this Prospectus. Such information should be read and analysed together with the Notes to the 
financial statements included in NFI’s audited financial statements for each of the financial years ended 
31 December 2022 and 2021. Copies of NFI’s Annual Financial Reports for the financial years ended 
31 December 2022 and 2021 are available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com 
and can also be obtained at https://www.nestle.com/investors/bonds/investorbonds/debt-issuance-program-
documents. 
The audited financial statements of NFI for each of the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 
2021 have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board and with the interpretations issued by the International Financial 
Reporting Interpretations Committee as adopted by the European Union as well as with the laws and regulations 
in force in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Selected financial information from the Income Statements - Euros in thousands 
 
 
Year ended
2022
Year ended
2021
Net interest income ....................................................................................... 
185,074
78,969
Net fee and commission (expense) / income from Nestlé Group companies 
(208,916)
(377,978)
Operating profit / (loss) ................................................................................. 
57,622
(10,923)
Profit / (Loss) for the year attributable to shareholders of the company ....... 
30,495
(17,925)
 
Selected financial information from the Cash Flow Statements - Euros in thousands 
 
 
Year ended
2022 
Year ended 
2021 
Net cash used in operating activities ............................................................. 
(2,322,649) 
(4,255,816) 
 
Selected financial information from the Balance Sheets - Euros in thousands 
 
 
31 December
2022
31 December
2021
Total current assets ........................................................................................ 
6,446,887
5,818,698

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
31 December
2022
31 December
2021
Total non-current assets ................................................................................. 
12,593,101
13,192,862
Total current liabilities .................................................................................. 
4,435,645
6,928,900
Total non-current liabilities ........................................................................... 
14,544,963
12,053,243
Total equity attributable to shareholders of the company .............................. 
59,380
29,417
 
Information about Nestlé Finance International Ltd. 
General 
NFI, formerly a public limited company (société anonyme) organised under the laws of France, which 
was formed on 18 March 1930, changed its domicile, and moved its registered office, from France to 
Luxembourg (Grand Duchy of Luxembourg) on 29 February 2008. NFI also changed its name from “Nestlé 
Finance France S.A.” to “Nestlé Finance International Ltd.” on 29 February 2008. NFI remains the same legal 
entity as Nestlé Finance France S.A., although it is now a public limited company (société anonyme) organised 
under the laws of Luxembourg. NFI is established for an unlimited duration and is registered with the 
Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies under number B-136737. 
The registered office of NFI is located at 7, rue Nicolas Bové, L-1253 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg. 
The telephone number of NFI’s registered office is +352 28 29 03 91 
NFI is not aware of any recent events that would impact on NFI’s solvency.  
Principal Investments/Future Principal Investments 
NFI has made no material investments since the date of its last published financial statements and, as 
the date of this Prospectus, its management has made no firm commitments on such material investments in the 
future.  
Business Overview 
The principal business activity of NFI is the financing of members of the Nestlé Group including by the 
sale, exchange, issue, transfer or otherwise, as well as the acquisition by purchase, subscription or in any other 
manner, of stock, bonds, debentures, notes, debt instruments or other securities or any kind of instrument and 
contracts thereon or relative thereto. NFI may further assist the members of the Nestlé Group, in particular by 
granting them loans, facilities or guarantees in any form and for any term whatsoever and provide any of them 
with advice and assistance in any form whatsoever. 
Because of its aforementioned purpose, NFI does not have any markets in which it competes and, 
therefore, NFI cannot make a statement regarding its competitive position in any markets. 
Organisational Structure 
NFI is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nestlé S.A.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
Name, Business Addresses, and Functions  
NFI is managed by a Board of Directors, consisting of three or more Directors. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the members of the Board of Directors of NFI are: 
Name 
 
Function 
 
Principal other activities outside 
Nestlé Finance International 
Ltd. 
Bruno Chazard 
 
Director 
 
Regional Cash Manager, NTC-
Europe SA 
Hermann Beythan 
 
Director 
 
Lawyer, Linklaters LLP 
Martin Peter Huber 
 
Director 
 
Head of Nestlé Treasury Center 
Europe 
Patrick Yot 
 
Director 
 
Pension Fund Manager 
Raoul Heinen  
 
Director 
 
Lawyer, Linklaters LLP 
 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Directors is 7, rue Nicolas Bové, L-1253 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Conflicts of Interests 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the above mentioned members of the Board of Directors of NFI do not 
have potential conflicts of interests between any duties towards NFI and their private interest or other duties.  
Board Practices 
Audit Committee 
NFI does not itself have an audit committee. However, NFI is part of the Nestlé Group, which has an 
audit committee that reviews the annual consolidated financial statements of the Nestlé Group. 
Corporate Governance 
No specific mandatory corporate governance rules are applicable to NFI under Luxembourg law but, as 
prescribed by the Luxembourg law applicable to public limited companies (sociétés anonymes), NFI has 
appointed Ernst & Young S.A. – Cabinet de révision agréé as statutory auditors and the role of the Board of 
Directors and of the General Meeting of NFI is defined in NFI’s articles of association. Ernst & Young S.A. – 
Cabinet de révision agréé were appointed on 28 April 2020 for the financial year commencing 1 January 2020 
onwards.  
Major Shareholders 
As mentioned above, NFI is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nestlé S.A. 
NFI is not aware of any arrangement the effect of which would result in a change of control.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
Additional Information 
Share Capital 
The issued share capital of NFI is €440,000 divided into 220,000 fully paid up shares with a nominal 
value of €2 each.  
The shares of NFI are not listed on any stock exchange. 
Memorandum and Articles of Association 
Article 3 of NFI’s Articles of Association stipulates that the purpose of NFI is the direct and/or indirect 
financing of Luxembourg companies and/or foreign companies or other entities in which NFI holds a direct or 
indirect participation or which form part of the same group of companies as NFI including by the sale, exchange, 
issue, transfer or otherwise, as well as the acquisition by purchase, subscription or in any other manner, of stock, 
bonds, debentures, notes, debt instruments or other securities or any kind of instrument and contracts thereon 
or relative thereto. 
NFI may further grant any direct and/or indirect financial assistance whatsoever to the companies and/or 
enterprises in which it holds a direct or indirect participation or which form part of the same group of companies 
as NFI, in particular by granting loans, facilities or guarantees in any form and for any term whatsoever and 
provide any of them with advice and assistance in any form whatsoever. NFI may carry out any transactions, 
whether commercial or financial, which are directly or indirectly connected with its purpose. 
NFI may acquire, hold and dispose of participations directly or indirectly, in any form whatsoever, in 
Luxembourg companies and/or foreign companies or other entities and/or any other form of investment and 
administer, develop and manage its portfolio holdings. 
In general, NFI may carry out any activities which it may deem useful or necessary in the 
accomplishment and the development of its corporate purpose. 
Dividend Payments 
NFI has not paid any dividends during the last six years.  
Material Contracts 
NFI has not entered into any contracts in areas outside of its ordinary course of business, which could 
result in NFI being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to NFI’s ability to meet its obligations to 
Noteholders in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
NESTLÉ S.A. 
Statutory Auditors 
The statutory auditors of Nestlé S.A., as of 23 April 2020, are Ernst & Young Ltd., Avenue de la Gare 
39a, 1002 Lausanne, Switzerland. Nestlé S.A. prepares the consolidated financial statements of the Nestlé 
Group, which are audited by Ernst & Young Ltd.  
Selected Financial Information 
The following tables show selected financial information from the consolidated income statements, 
consolidated cash flow statements and consolidated balance sheets of the Nestlé Group as at and for the financial 
years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, respectively, which has been extracted from the audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Nestlé Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 which are incorporated 
by reference in, and form part of, this Prospectus. Such information should be read and analysed together with 
the Notes to the consolidated financial statements included in the Nestlé Group’s audited financial statements 
for each of the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021. Copies of the Nestlé Group consolidated 
financial statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 are available on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com as well as on www.nestle.com and can be obtained at 
https://www.nestle.com/investors/bonds/investorbonds/debt-issuance-program-documents. 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Nestlé Group for each of the financial years ended 
31 December 2022 and 2021 have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board and with Swiss law. 
Selected financial information from the Consolidated income statement - CHF in millions (except 
Trading operating profit in percentages of sales and Basic earning per share) 
 
 
Year ended 
2022 
 Year ended 
2021  
Sales .............................................................................................................. 
94,424 
 
87,088  
Trading operating profit ................................................................................ 
13,195 
 
12,159  
Trading operating profit in percentages of sales ........................................... 
14.0% 
 
14.0%  
Profit for the year .......................................................................................... 
9,596 
 
17,196  
Profit for the year attributable to shareholders of the parent (Net profit) ...... 
9,270 
 
16,905  
Profit for the year attributable to shareholders of the parent (Net profit) in
percentages of sales ....................................................................................... 
9.8% 
 
19.4% 
 
Basic earnings per share (in CHF) ................................................................ 
3.42 
 
6.06  
 
Selected financial information from the Consolidated cash flow statement – CHF in millions 
 
 
Year ended
2022 
Year ended 
2021 
Operating cash flow ...................................................................................... 
11,907 
13,864

--- Page 164 ---
164 
Selected financial information from the Consolidated balance sheet – CHF in millions 
 
 
31 December
2022
31 December
2021 
Total current assets ........................................................................................ 
 35,062 
 
39,257  
Total non-current assets ................................................................................. 
100,120 
 
99,885  
Total current liabilities .................................................................................. 
 39,976 
 
40,020  
Total non-current liabilities ........................................................................... 
 52,414 
 
45,395  
Total equity ................................................................................................... 
42,792 
 
53,727  
Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent ........................................... 
 41,982 
 
53,140  
Information about Nestlé S.A.  
General 
Nestlé S.A. was founded in 1866 as “Anglo-Swiss Condensed Milk Company”. Following the merger 
in 1905 with “Farine lactée Henri Nestlé” (founded in Vevey in 1867), the company was renamed “Nestlé and 
Anglo-Swiss Condensed Milk Company” and in 1977 adopted the present name, Nestlé S.A. 
Nestlé S.A. is a company with unlimited duration and is organised under the Swiss Code of Obligations. 
The registered offices of Nestlé S.A. are Avenue Nestlé 55, 1800 Vevey, Canton of Vaud, Switzerland and 
Zugerstrasse 8, 6330 Cham, Canton of Zug, Switzerland. The telephone number of Nestlé S.A.’s office in Vevey, 
Switzerland is +41 (0)21 924 21 11. Nestlé S.A. was registered with the Commercial Registry of the Canton of 
Zug on 9 March 1883 and with the Commercial Registry of the Canton of Vaud on 19 July 1905. 
Nestlé S.A. is not aware of any recent events particular to it which are to a material extent relevant to 
the evaluation of its solvency.  
Business Overview 
Nestlé S.A. is the holding company of the Nestlé group of companies (the “Nestlé Group” or the 
“Group”). The Nestlé Group manufactures and sells food and beverages, as well as products related to the 
nutrition, health and wellness industries. The Nestlé Group product portfolio has seven product categories, 
distributed throughout the world: powdered and liquid beverages, nutrition and health science, milk products, 
ice cream, prepared dishes and cooking aids, petcare, confectionery and water. 
Nestlé S.A. is extensively engaged in research and development activities in most sectors of modern 
nutrition. 
The Nestlé Group’s objective, through the efforts of its around 275,000 employees, working with 
partners of the Nestlé Group, is to unlock the power of food to enhance quality of life for everyone, today and 
for generations to come. 
On 17 October 2019, Nestlé S.A. announced a new share buyback program of up to CHF 20 billion 
under which Nestlé S.A. repurchased 123.1 million of its shares for a total amount of CHF 13.1 billion almost 
two-thirds of the anticipated CHF 20 billion existing program volume. This share buyback program started on 
3 January 2020 and terminated on 30 December 2021. On 3 January 2022, a new share buyback program of up 
to CHF 20 billion started and is expected to be completed by the end of December 2024. Should any 
extraordinary dividend payments or sizeable acquisitions take place during this period, the amount of the share 
buyback will be reduced accordingly.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
Principal Investments/Principal Future Investments  
The Nestlé Group continues to make significant capital and research and development investments on a 
global basis, satisfying the need for capacity, delivering value added innovations, improving quality and safety 
within its operations, enhancing capabilities and advancing shared value strategies. 
On 5 March 2021, the Nestlé Group announced that it has acquired Essentia Water, a premium functional 
water brand headquartered in Bothell, Washington. This transaction is part of the Nestlé Group’s continued 
transformation of its global water business to focus on international premium and mineral water brands and 
healthy hydration products, such as functional water. 
On 31 March 2021, the Nestlé Group announced the closing of the sale of Nestlé Waters North America 
brands to One Rock Capital Partners in partnership with Metropoulos & Co. for U.S.$4.3 billion. The Group’s 
international premium brands including Perrier®, S.Pellegrino® and Acqua Panna® were not a part of the 
transaction. The distribution of these brands has been taken over by one of the subsidiaries of the NHI Group. 
On 1 July 2021, Nestlé Health Science acquired Nuun, a leader in functional hydration. The acquisition 
complements Nestlé Health Science's existing broad portfolio of active lifestyle nutrition brands with Nuun's 
range of clean, low-sugar, effervescent tablets and powders. 
On 9 August 2021, the Nestlé Group announced the completion of the acquisition for U.S.$5.75 billion 
(on a cash free, debt free basis) of the core brands of The Bountiful Company (including Nature’s Bounty®, 
Solgar®, Osteo Bi-Flex®, Puritan’s Pride®, Ester-C®, and Sundown®), a pure-play leader in the growing 
global nutrition and supplement category. This expands Nestlé Health Science’s health and nutrition portfolio. 
It establishes Nestlé Health Science as the industry leader in mass retail, specialty retail, e-commerce and direct-
to-consumer in the US, while offering opportunities for geographic growth.  
On 2 February 2022, the Nestlé Group announced that it had agreed to purchase a majority stake in 
Orgain, a leader in plant-based nutrition, from founder Dr. Andrew Abraham and Butterfly Equity, who will 
continue to be minority share owners. The agreement includes the option for Nestlé Health Science to fully 
acquire Orgain in 2024. Orgain complements Nestlé Health Science’s existing portfolio of nutrition products 
that support healthier lives. The transaction closed on 1 April 2022.  
On 21 November 2022, Nestlé USA, Inc., a subsidiary of NHI Group, announced with L Catterton that 
they are forming a partnership that is bringing together Freshly and Kettle Cuisine, a leading manufacturer of 
fresh artisanal foods for retail and foodservice customers. The combined company will focus on offering a wide 
assortment of fresh food products to customers across geographies and a variety of channels. L Catterton will 
be the majority owner, with Nestlé USA, Inc. holding a minority stake. 
On 29 November 2022, the Nestlé Group announced the decision to explore strategic options for 
Palforzia, the peanut allergy treatment, following slower than expected adoption by patients and healthcare 
professionals. The review is expected to be completed in the first half of 2023. 
On 21 April 2023, Nestlé and private equity firm PAI Partners have agreed to set up a joint venture for 
Nestlé’s frozen pizza business in Europe, creating a dedicated player in a competitive and dynamic category. 
Nestlé will retain a non-controlling stake with equal voting rights alongside PAI Partners. The transaction is 
subject to employee consultations and the approval of regulatory authorities and is expected to close in the 
second half of 2023. 
Otherwise, whilst the Nestlé Group continues to make ongoing investments, since the date of its last 
published financial statements, the Group has made no other material investments and divestments or firm 
commitments with respect to material investments in the future.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
Organisational Structure 
Nestlé S.A. is the ultimate parent company of the Nestlé Group and therefore dependent on the 
performance of its direct and indirect subsidiaries. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies  
Name, Business Addresses, and Functions 
The corporate bodies of Nestlé S.A. are the General Meeting of Shareholders, the Board of Directors 
and the Statutory Auditors. The Board of Directors delegates to the Chief Executive Officer, with the 
authorisation to sub-delegate, the power to manage Nestlé S.A.’s and the Nestlé Group’s business, subject to 
law, the Articles of Association and the Board of Directors’ Regulations. 
The Chief Executive Officer chairs the Executive Board, which comprises all Executive Vice Presidents 
and Deputy Executive Vice Presidents, and delegates to its members individually the powers necessary for 
carrying out their responsibilities, within the limits fixed in the Executive Board’s Regulations. 
The business address of the Directors and the members of the Executive Board is Avenue Nestlé 55, 
1800 Vevey, Switzerland. 
The Board of Directors 
In accordance with the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors shall consist of at least seven 
members.  
As at the date of this Prospectus, the members of the Board of Directors of Nestlé S.A. are:  
Position 
 
Name 
 
Principal other activities outside Nestlé S.A. 
Chairman of the Board  
 
Paul Bulcke 
 
L’Oréal S.A., FR, Vice Chairman 
Avenir Suisse, CH, Member of the Board of 
Trustees 
J.P. Morgan International Council, USA, Member 
2030 Water Resources Group (WRG), USA, Co-
Chairman 
Chief Executive Officer 
 
Ulf Mark Schneider 
 
Roche Holding Ltd., CH, Member of the Board 
European Roundtable of Industrialists (ERT), 
Belgium, Member  
Consumer Goods Forum, F, Board Member 
International Business Council of the World 
Economic Forum (WEF), CH, Member 
Vice Chairman 
Lead Independent 
Director 
 
Henri de Castries 
 
General Atlantic LLC., USA, Senior Advisor, 
Chairman of Europe 
AXA Assurances Vie Mutuelle, FR, Member of 
the Board 
AXA Assurances IARD Mutuelle, FR, Member 
of the Board 
Stellantis N.V., NL, Lead Independent Director, 
Member of the Board

--- Page 167 ---
167 
Position 
 
Name 
 
Principal other activities outside Nestlé S.A. 
Non-Executive Director 
 
Hanne Jimenez de 
Mora 
 
a-connect (group) AG, Co-founder and former 
Chairperson 
Microcaps AG, CH, Chairwoman 
IMD Business School, Switzerland, Vice-chair 
and Supervisory Board Member 
BackPack Foundation, CH, Chairperson 
Non-Executive Director 
 
Renato Fassbind 
 
Swiss Re AG, CH, Vice Chairman & Lead 
Independent Director 
Non-Executive Director 
 
Patrick Aebischer 
 
Logitech International SA, CH, Member of the 
Board 
PolyPeptide Group AG, CH, Vice Chairman, 
Lead Independent Director  
Novartis Venture Funds, CH, Chairman 
Vandria SA, CH, Chairman 
+ND Capital, CH, Senior Partner 
NistronTech Sàrl, CH, Member of the Board 
Singapore Biomedical Sciences International, 
Advisors Council, Member 
Verbier Festival, CH, Member of the Foundation 
Board 
Non-Executive Director 
 
Lindiwe 
Majele 
Sibanda 
 
Director and Chairwoman, African Research 
Universities Alliance Centre of Excellence in 
Sustainable Food Systems (ARUA-SFS), 
University of Pretoria, South Africa,  
Professor and Senior Research Fellow at the 
Centre for the Advancement of Scholarship 
(CAS), University of Pretoria, South Africa, 
Founder and Managing Director, Linds 
Agricultural Services Pvt Ltd., Harare, Zimbabwe 
Serving member, Champions UN SDG 12.3, 
accelerating progress towards halving food loss 
and waste by 2030 
Member of the Presidential Advisory Council for 
agriculture in Zimbabwe 
Chairwoman of Council for the National 
University of Science and Technology (NUST) 
Deputy Chairwoman of the Iam4Byo Fighting 
COVID-19 Trust responsible for 
communications, public relations and research 
coalition 
Chairperson of the System Board of CGIAR 
Non-Executive Director 
 
Pablo Isla 
 
General Atlantic LLC, USA, Global Senior 
Advisor

--- Page 168 ---
168 
Position 
 
Name 
 
Principal other activities outside Nestlé S.A. 
Fante Films S.L., Spain, Chairman 
Non-Executive Director 
 
Kimberly A. Ross 
 
The Cigna Group, USA, Member of the Board 
Northrop Grumann, USA, Member of the Board 
Non-Executive Director 
 
Dick Boer 
 
Shell plc, UK, Member of the Board 
Just Eat Takeaway.com, (JET), NL, Chairman 
G-Star RAW CV, NL, Chairman of the Advisory 
Board 
SHV Holdings, NL, Member of the Board 
VNO-NCW, NL, Chairman of the Board 
Royal Concertgebouw, NL, Chairman of the 
Advisory Board 
Rijksmuseum Fonds, NL, Chairman 
Non-Executive Director 
 
Dinesh Paliwal 
 
Raytheon Company, USA, Board Member, Lead 
Independent Director 
KKR & Co. Inc., USA, Partner 
Marelli, Chairman 
Miami University, Board of Trustees 
Non-Executive Director 
 
Luca Maestri 
 
Apple Inc., USA, Senior Vice President and Chief 
Financial Officer 
Non-Executive Director 
 
Chris Leong 
 
Schneider Electric SE, F, Chief Marketing Officer 
and Member of the Executive Committee 
Non-Executive Director 
 
Rainer Blair 
 
Danaher Corporation, USA, President, CEO 
Board Member of Analytical Life Science and 
Diagnostics Association, Alexandria 
Non-Executive Director 
 
Marie-Gabrielle 
Ineichen-Fleisch 
 
World Trade Organisation, CH, Member of the 
Board 
University of Berne, CH, Chairwoman 
World Trade Institute (WTI), CH, Chairwoman 
 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the members of the Executive Board of Directors of Nestlé S.A. are: 
 
Position 
 
Name 
 
Principal other activities outside Nestlé S.A. 
Chief Executive Officer 
 
Ulf Mark Schneider 
 
Roche Holding Ltd., CH, Member of the Board 
European Roundtable of Industrialists (ERT), 
Belgium, Member  
Consumer Goods Forum, F, Board Member 
International Business Council of the World 
Economic Forum (WEF), CH, Member

--- Page 169 ---
169 
Position 
 
Name 
 
Principal other activities outside Nestlé S.A. 
Executive Vice President: 
CEO for zone Europe  
 
Marco Settembri 
 
Lactalis Nestlé Produits Frais S.A.S, France, 
Board Member 
Cereal Partners Worldwide S.A., Board Member 
FoodDrinkEurope, President of the Board  
Association des Industries de Marque (AIM), BE, 
Board Member 
Executive Vice President: 
Operations 
 
Magdi Batato3 
 
IHD-the Sustainable Trade Initiative, Chairman 
Carlsberg A/S, Board Member 
Swiss Academy of Technical Sciences, Member 
Executive Vice President: 
CEO 
for 
zone 
Latin 
America 
 
Laurent Freixe 
 
Cereal Partners Worldwide S.A., CH, Board 
Member 
Froneri Lux Topco Sàrl, LUX, Board Member 
Consumer Goods Forum Latin America, Regional 
Board Member 
International Youth Organization for Ibero-
America, International Youth Ambassador 
Global Apprenticeship Network, Chair 
World Business Council for Sustainability 
Development (wbcsd), CH, Member of the 
Executive Committee 
Executive Vice President: 
Strategic Business Units, 
Marketing and Sales 
 
Bernard Meunier 
 
Cereal Partners Worldwide S.A., CH, Co-
Chairman  
Deputy Executive Vice 
President: Head of the 
Nestlé Coffee Brands 
group 
 
David Rennie 
 
 
Executive Vice President: 
Global Head Human 
Resources & Business 
Services 
 
Béatrice Guillaume-
Grabisch 
 
L’Oréal SA, FR, Board Member and Audit 
Committee Member 
GS1, BE, Board Member 
Executive Vice President: 
Finance & Control 
 
François-Xavier 
Roger4  
 
 
Executive Vice President: 
Chief Technology Officer 
 
Stefan Palzer 
 
European Academy of Food Engineering (EAFE), 
NL, Board Member 
Swiss Food & Nutrition Valley Association, CH, 
Vice President 
 
3 
Magdi Batato will retire on 31 January 2024 and be succeeded as Executive Vice President: Operations by Stephanie Pullings Hart with effect 
from 1 January 2024. 
4 
On 30 May 2023, the Nestlé Group announced that François-Xavier Roger will step down as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial 
Officer and will be replaced by Anna Manz as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer as soon as she is released from her present 
duties. To ensure a smooth transition, François-Xavier Roger will remain in his role until Anna Manz's arrival.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
Position 
 
Name 
 
Principal other activities outside Nestlé S.A. 
International Union of Food Science and 
Technology (IUFOST), Fellow 
Executive Vice President: 
General Counsel, 
Corporate Governance and 
Compliance 
 
Leanne Geale 
 
Holcim Ltd., CH, Member of the Board 
CEELI Institute o.p.s., Czech Republic, Member 
of the Management Board 
Deputy Executive Vice 
President: CEO Nestlé 
Health Science 
 
Grégory Behar 
 
Sonova 
AG, 
CH, 
Board 
Member
Seres Therapeutics Inc., USA, Board Member 
Amazentis SA, CH, Board Member 
 
Deputy Executive Vice 
President: Head of Group 
Strategy and Business 
Development 
 
Sanjay Bahadur 
 
Froneri Lux Topco Sàrl, LUX, Board Member 
Imperial College Business School, London, UK – 
Member Advisory Board 
Executive Vice President: 
CEO for zone North 
America 
 
Steven Wood Presley 
 
American Heart Association, CEO Roundtable, 
Member 
Executive Vice President: 
CEO 
for 
zone 
Asia, 
Oceania and Africa  
 
Remy Ejel 
 
 
Executive Vice President: 
CEO for zone Greater 
China  
 
David Xiqiang 
Zhang 
 
 
Deputy 
Executive 
Vice 
President: 
Chief 
Communications Officer 
 
Lisa Gibby 
 
 
Conflicts of Interest 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the above-mentioned members of the Board of Directors and of the 
Executive Board of Nestlé S.A. do not have potential conflicts of interests between any duties to Nestlé S.A. 
and their private interests or other duties. 
The Board of Directors and its Committees  
Corporate Governance 
Nestlé S.A. complies with applicable rules of Swiss law relating to corporate governance. Each year 
Nestlé S.A. compiles a Corporate Governance Report as required by the regulations of the SIX Swiss Exchange. 
Chair’s and Corporate Governance Committee 
The Chair’s and Corporate Governance Committee consists of the Chair, any Vice Chair, the Lead 
Independent Director, the CEO (administrateur délégué) and any other member elected by the Board. It liaises 
between the Chair and the full Board of Directors in order to act as a consultant body to the Chair and to expedite 
whenever necessary the handling of Nestlé S.A.’s business. The Committee regularly reviews the corporate

--- Page 171 ---
171 
governance of the Company and prepares recommendations for the Board. Its current members are Paul Bulcke 
(Chair), Ulf Mark Schneider, Henri de Castries, Renato Fassbind, Pablo Isla and Hanne Jimenez de Mora. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee is chaired by an independent and non-executive member of the Board of Directors 
and includes a minimum of two other members of the Board, excluding the CEO and any former member of 
the Executive Board. At least one member has to have recent and relevant financial expertise, the others must 
be familiar with the issues of accounting and audit. In discharging its responsibilities, the Audit Committee has 
unrestricted access to Nestlé S.A.’s management, books and records. The Audit Committee supports the Board 
of Directors in its supervision of financial control through a direct link to the external auditors as mentioned 
above and the corporate internal auditors (Nestlé Group Audit) of Nestlé S.A. The Audit Committee’s main 
duties include (i) to discuss Nestlé’s internal accounting procedures, (ii) to make recommendations to the Board 
of Directors regarding the nomination of external auditors to be appointed by the shareholders, (iii) to discuss 
the audit procedures, including the proposed scope and the results of the audit, (iv) to keep itself regularly 
informed on important findings of the audits and of their progress, (v) to oversee the quality of the internal and 
external auditing, (vi) to present the conclusions on the approval of the financial statements to the Board of 
Directors, and (vii) to review certain reports regarding internal controls and the Nestlé Group’s annual risk 
assessment. The current members of the Audit Committee are Renato Fassbind (Chair), Henri de Castries, 
Kimberly A. Ross and Luca Maestri.  
The Audit Committee regularly reports to the Board on its findings and proposes appropriate action. The 
responsibility for approving the annual financial statements remains with the Board of Directors. 
Compensation Committee 
The Compensation Committee consists of a Chair, who is an independent and non-executive member of the 
Board and a minimum of three other non-executive members of the Board of Directors. All members are 
independent. It determines the principles for remuneration of the members of the Board and submits them to 
the Board for approval. It oversees and discusses the remuneration principles for Nestlé S.A. and the Nestlé 
Group. In addition, it proposes to the Board of Directors the individual remuneration of the Chair of the Board, 
the CEO and approves the individual remuneration of other members of the Executive Board. It reports on its 
decisions to the Board and keeps the Board updated on the overall remuneration policy of the Nestlé Group. 
The current members of the Compensation Committee are Pablo Isla (Chair), Patrick Aebischer, Dick Boer and 
Dinesh Paliwal.  
Nomination Committee 
The Nomination Committee consists of a Chair, who is an independent and non-executive member of 
the Board, the Chair of the Board of Directors and a minimum of two independent and non-executive members 
of the Board. The Nomination Committee oversees the long-term succession planning of the Board, establishes 
the principles and criteria for the selection of candidates to the Board, performs a regular gap analysis, selects 
candidates for election or re-election to the Board and prepares proposals for the Board’s decision. 
The nomination process for the Board of Directors is highly structured and seeks to ensure a balance of 
necessary competencies and an appropriate diversity of its members. It ensures an appropriately wide net is cast 
on key successions. The candidates to the Board must possess the necessary profile, qualifications and 
experience to discharge their duties. Newly appointed Board members receive an appropriate introduction into 
the business and affairs of Nestlé S.A. and the Group. If required, the Nomination Committee arranges for 
further training of Board members. The Nomination Committee reviews, at least annually, the independence of 
the members of the Board as well as their outside mandates, and prepares the annual self-evaluation of the 
Board and its Committees. It meets as frequently as necessary to fulfil its tasks and prepares the relevant in

--- Page 172 ---
172 
camera sessions of the Board. The current members of the Nomination Committee are Henri de Castries (Chair), 
Paul Bulcke, Dinesh Paliwal and Marie-Gabrielle Ineichen-Fleisch. 
Sustainability Committee 
The Sustainability Committee consists of a Chair, who is an independent and non-executive member of 
the Board and a minimum of three other non-executive members of the Board of Directors. All members are 
independent. It reviews reports and gives advice on measures which ensure the long-term sustainability of 
Nestlé S.A. in its economic, social and environmental dimension and monitors Nestlé S.A.’s performance 
against selected external sustainability indexes. It reviews the annual Nestlé in society report and discusses 
periodically how other material non-financial issues affect Nestlé S.A.’s financial performance and how its 
long-term strategy relates to its ability to create shared value. It meets as frequently as necessary to fulfil its 
tasks and prepares the relevant in camera sessions of the Board. 
The current members of the Sustainability Committee are Hanne Jimenez de Mora (Chair), Dick Boer, Lindiwe 
Majele Sibanda and Chris Leong.  
Major Shareholders 
Nestlé S.A. is not aware of any arrangement the effect of which would result in a change of control of 
Nestlé S.A.  
Nestlé S.A. is a publicly traded company and its shares are listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange. Pursuant 
to Nestlé S.A.’s Articles of Association, no person or entity may be (i) registered (directly or indirectly through 
nominees) with voting rights for more than 5 per cent. of the Nestlé S.A.’s share capital as recorded in the 
commercial register or (ii) at general meetings of Nestlé S.A. exercise directly or indirectly voting rights, with 
respect to own shares or shares represented by proxy, in excess of 5 per cent. of Nestlé S.A.’s share capital as 
recorded in the commercial register. Any shareholder holding shares in Nestlé S.A. of 3 per cent. or more of 
Nestlé S.A.’s share capital is required to disclose their shareholding pursuant to the Swiss Financial Market 
Infrastructure Act. 
BlackRock, Inc. has disclosed that it has a shareholding of more than 5 per cent. of Nestlé S.A.’s share 
capital. Nestlé S.A. is not aware of any other shareholder holding 5 per cent. or more of its share capital or 
voting rights.  
Additional Information  
Share Capital 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the share capital of Nestlé S.A. was CHF 267,000,000 divided into 
2,670,000,000 fully paid up registered shares having a nominal value of CHF 0.10 each. At the Annual General 
Meeting of Nestlé S.A. on 20 April 2023, the shareholders approved the reduction of the share capital by CHF 
8,000,000 from CHF 275,000,000 to CHF 267,000,000 through the cancellation of 80,000,000 shares. At the 
Annual General Meeting of Nestlé S.A. on 7 April 2022, the shareholders approved the reduction of the share 
capital by CHF 6,500,000 from CHF 281,500,000 to CHF 275,000,000 through the cancellation of 65,000,000 
shares. At the Annual General Meeting of Nestlé S.A. on 15 April 2021, the shareholders approved the reduction 
of the share capital by CHF 6,600,000 from CHF 288,100,000 to CHF 281,500,000 through the cancellation of 
66,000,000 shares. At the Annual General Meeting of Nestlé S.A. on 23 April 2020, the shareholders approved 
the reduction of the share capital by CHF 9,500,000 from CHF 297,600,000 to CHF 288,100,000 through the 
cancellation of 95,000,000 shares. The conditional share capital of Nestlé S.A. is CHF 10,000,000. By the 
exercise of conversion and/or option rights, the share capital of Nestlé S.A. may be increased by a maximum

--- Page 173 ---
173 
of CHF 10,000,000, by the issue of up to 100,000,000 registered shares having a nominal value of CHF 0.10 
each.  
Articles of Association 
Article 2 of the Articles of Association of Nestlé S.A. states that the purpose of Nestlé S.A. is to 
participate in industrial, service, commercial and financial enterprises in Switzerland and abroad, in particular 
in the food, nutrition, health, wellness and related industries. In addition, Nestlé S.A. may itself establish such 
undertakings or participate in, finance and promote the development of undertakings already in existence, and 
may enter into any transaction which the business purpose may entail. Nestlé S.A. shall, in pursuing its business 
purpose, aim for long-term, sustainable value creation. 
Dividend Payments 
Nestlé S.A. paid the following dividends per ordinary share during the last five years: 2022, CHF 2.95; 
2021, CHF 2.80; 2020, CHF 2.75; 2019, CHF 2.70; and 2018, CHF 2.45. 
Financing of Activities 
The Nestlé Group uses a variety of methods to finance its activities. Most of the Nestlé Group’s debt 
financing is sourced directly from the debt capital markets under its current debt programmes, which include 
this Debt Issuance Programme (under which NHI and NFI are issuers), the NEU CP French Commercial Paper 
programme and its Global Commercial Paper Program (under which NFI and Nestlé Capital Corporation, a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of NHI (“NCC”), are issuers) and the 4(a)(2) US Commercial Paper Program (under 
which NCC is an issuer). Various syndicated bank facilities are also available to the Nestlé Group, which as at 
the date of this Prospectus include the 12 month facility – EUR 6.5 billion equivalent (which expires on 
11 October 2023, where Nestlé S.A. has the ability to convert the facility into a one year term loan) and the 5 
year facility – EUR 4.5 billion equivalent (which expires on 18 October 2027).  
Material Contracts 
Nestlé S.A. has not entered into any contracts in areas outside of its ordinary course of business, which 
could result in any group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to Nestlé S.A.’s 
ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes. 
Legal proceedings  
Following the announcement from the French Competition Authority (Autorité de la Concurrence) dated 
12 October 2021, Nestlé S.A. received a Statement of Objections (Notification de Griefs). The French 
Competition Authority alleges that 14 trade associations and 101 companies - among them, certain Nestlé S.A. 
subsidiaries in France - restricted competition related to, among others, communication on the removal of 
bisphenol A from metal packaging in France. A reliable estimate of the potential financial impact is currently 
not possible.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
TAXATION 
General 
The discussion of taxation in this section is only an indication of certain tax implications under the laws 
of those jurisdictions as they may affect investors. It applies only to persons who are beneficial owners of Notes 
and may not apply to certain classes of person (such as dealers). Noteholders should be aware that the tax 
legislation of any jurisdiction where a Noteholder is resident or otherwise subject to taxation (as well as the 
jurisdictions discussed below) may have an impact on the tax consequences of an investment in the Notes 
including in respect of any income received from the Notes. The Issuers and the Guarantor make no 
representations as to the completeness of the information nor undertake any liability of whatsoever nature for 
the tax implications for investors. Potential investors are strongly advised to consult their own professional 
advisers as to the tax implications of investing in Notes. 
United States 
The following is a summary based on present law of certain United States federal income tax 
considerations for a prospective purchaser of Notes issued by NHI. This summary addresses only the tax 
considerations for an initial beneficial owner of the Notes that acquires Notes on their original issue at their 
original offering price and that is not a U.S. Person or a disregarded entity owned by a U.S. Person (a “Non-
U.S. Holder”). For this purpose, a “U.S. Person” is (i) a citizen or individual resident of the United States, (ii) 
a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organised in or under the laws of the United States or its 
political subdivisions, (iii) an estate the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation 
regardless of its source or (iv) a trust subject to the control of a U.S. person and the primary supervision of a 
U.S. court. This summary also assumes that the Notes will be treated as debt for United States federal tax 
purposes and that the Notes will be offered, sold and delivered in compliance with and payments on the Notes 
will be made in accordance with certain required procedures set forth in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
and other relevant documents. Finally, it does not describe any other U.S. federal tax consequences (such as 
estate and gift tax consequences) or tax consequences arising out of the tax laws of any state, local or non-U.S. 
jurisdiction. Except for Notes having a maturity of not more than 183 days at issuance, NHI will only be 
permitted to issue Notes that are treated as issued in registered form for United States federal tax purposes. 
This summary does not address all tax considerations for a beneficial owner of the Notes and does not 
address the tax consequences to a Non-U.S. Holder in special circumstances, such as foreign governments and 
their integral parts and controlled entities and foreign central banks. It addresses only purchasers that hold Notes 
as capital assets. It does not include a discussion of Floating Rate Notes other than Floating Rate Notes whose 
rate is based on a conventional interest rate or composite of interest rates. The discussion is a general summary. 
It is not a substitute for tax advice. 
U.S. Taxation of Notes 
Subject to the discussion below under the headings “FATCA” and “U.S. Information Reporting and 
Backup Withholding”, interest paid to a Non-U.S. Holder will generally not be subject to U.S. withholding tax, 
provided that in the case of Notes with a maturity of more than 183 days: 
(i) 
interest paid on the Note is not effectively connected with the Non-U.S. Holder’s conduct of a trade or 
business within the United States; 
(ii) 
the Non-U.S. Holder does not actually or constructively own 10 per cent. or more of the combined voting 
power of all classes of NHI’s stock entitled to vote;

--- Page 175 ---
175 
(iii) 
the Non-U.S. Holder is not a controlled foreign corporation as defined in section 957 of the United States 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) that is related to NHI through stock ownership; 
(iv) 
the Non-U.S. Holder is not a bank described in section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code; and 
(v) 
on or before the first payment of interest or principal, the Non-U.S. Holder has provided the applicable 
withholding agent a valid and properly executed U.S. IRS Form W-8 (or successor or substitute therefor) 
or other appropriate form of certification of non-U.S. status sufficient to establish a basis for exemption 
under sections 871(h)(2)(B) and 881(c)(2)(B) of the Code (and any required certification has been 
provided by any intermediary through which such non-U.S. Holder holds the Notes). 
If the Non-U.S. Holder is a partnership or trust for United States federal income tax purposes, interest 
paid to it may be subject to U.S. withholding tax unless all of its partners or beneficiaries can satisfy the 
conditions for exemption above. 
If a Non-U.S. Holder cannot satisfy the requirements described above, payments of interest made to such 
Non-U.S. Holder generally will be subject to a 30 per cent. U.S. federal withholding tax, unless such Non-U.S. 
Holder provides the applicable withholding agent with a properly executed (1) IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-
E (or suitable successor or substitute form) claiming an exemption from or reduction in withholding under the 
benefit of an applicable income tax treaty or (2) IRS Form W-8ECI (or suitable successor or substitute form) 
stating that interest paid on the Note is not subject to withholding tax because it is effectively connected with 
such Non-U.S. Holder’s conduct of a trade or business in the United States. 
Interest paid to a Non-U.S. Holder will not be subject to U.S. federal net income tax unless the interest 
is effectively connected with the Non-U.S. Holder’s conduct of a U.S. trade or business and, if required by an 
applicable income tax treaty, is attributable to a permanent establishment of the Non-U.S. Holder within the 
United States. If a Non-U.S. Holder is eligible for the benefits of an income tax treaty between the United States 
and its country of residence, interest paid to such Non-U.S. Holder will be subject to U.S. federal income tax 
in the manner specified by the treaty and generally will only be subject to such tax if such interest is attributable 
to a permanent establishment maintained by the Non-U.S. Holder in the United States. To claim the benefit of 
a treaty, a Non-U.S. Holder must properly submit an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or suitable successor 
or substitute form). 
A gain realised by a Non-U.S. Holder on the disposition of a Note will not be subject to U.S. tax unless 
(i) the gain is effectively connected with such Non-U.S. Holder’s conduct of a U.S. trade or business and, if 
required by an applicable income tax treaty, is attributable to a permanent establishment of the Non-U.S. Holder 
within the United States, or (ii) the Holder is an individual present in the United States for at least 183 days 
during the taxable year of disposition and certain other conditions are met. A Non-U.S. Holder described in 
(ii) of the preceding sentence generally will be subject to a flat 30 per cent. U.S. federal income tax on the gain 
derived from the sale, which may be offset by U.S. source capital losses, even though the Non-U.S. Holder is 
not considered a resident of the United States. 
FATCA 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments of interest (including any original issue discount) on the Notes 
generally will be subject to U.S. withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent. under FATCA unless (i) the Non-U.S. 
Holder provides the Issuer, any paying agent, U.S. intermediary or any other non-U.S. financial institution 
intermediary through which it holds the Notes or receives payments on or with respect to such Notes with 
information necessary to determine whether the investor is a U.S. person or a nonfinancial, non-U.S. entity with 
material direct or indirect U.S. ownership or is a foreign financial institution that itself satisfies clause (ii) and 
(ii) each non-U.S. financial institution through which such Non-U.S. Holder holds such Notes or receives 
payments on or with respect to such Notes either (x) has entered into an agreement with the IRS pursuant to

--- Page 176 ---
176 
which it agrees, among other responsibilities, to collect and provide to the IRS information about its direct and 
indirect U.S. accountholders and investors or (y) is subject to and in full compliance with the requirements of 
any applicable intergovernmental agreement between the jurisdiction of its place of organization or operation 
and the United States implementing an alternative to FATCA. 
U.S. Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
Information returns are generally required to be filed with the IRS in connection with interest payments 
on the Notes to Non-U.S. Holders. Unless a Non-U.S. Holder complies with certification procedures to establish 
that it is not a U.S. person, information returns may also be filed with the IRS in connection with the proceeds 
from a sale or other disposition of a Note. A Non-U.S. Holder may be subject to backup withholding on 
payments on the Notes or on the proceeds from a sale or other disposition of the Notes unless the Non-U.S. 
Holder complies with certification procedures to establish that it is not a U.S. person or otherwise establishes 
an exemption from backup withholding. The certification procedures required to claim the exemption from 
withholding tax on interest, described above, will also avoid backup withholding. Backup withholding is not 
an additional tax, and may be refunded or credited against a Non-U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability, 
provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. 
THE DISCUSSION ABOVE IS A GENERAL SUMMARY. IT DOES NOT COVER ALL TAX 
MATTERS THAT MAY BE IMPORTANT TO A PARTICULAR INVESTOR. EACH PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTOR SHOULD CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISER ABOUT THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF 
AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES UNDER THE INVESTOR’S OWN CIRCUMSTANCES. 
Luxembourg  
General 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws in force in Luxembourg 
as of the date of this Programme. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax implications 
that might be relevant to an investment decision. It is included herein solely for preliminary information 
purposes. It is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. Prospective investors in 
the Notes should consult their professional advisers with respect to particular circumstances, the effects of state, 
local or foreign laws to which they may be subject and as to their tax position. 
The residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg income tax 
assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, impost or other charge or 
withholding of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. Also, a reference to 
Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal 
business tax (impôt commercial communal), a solidarity surcharge (contribution au fonds pour l’emploi) as well 
as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu). Corporate investors may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt 
sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. Corporate income tax, municipal business tax as well as 
the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to most corporate taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes. 
Individual taxpayers are generally subject to personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain 
circumstances, where an individual taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or business 
undertaking, municipal business tax may apply as well. 
Tax residency 
A holder of Notes will not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason only of 
the holding and/or disposing of the Notes, or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of the 
Notes.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
Withholding tax  
Resident investors 
Under the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended (the “Law”), payments of interest or 
similar income made by a paying agent established in Luxembourg to or for the immediate benefit of an 
individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. 
This withholding tax also applies on accrued or capitalised interest received upon disposal, redemption or 
repurchase of the Notes. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is 
an individual acting in the course of the management or their private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding 
of tax in application of the Law is assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent within the meaning of the Law. 
Non-resident investors 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect, there is no withholding tax on payments of interest 
(including accrued but unpaid interest) made to Luxembourg non-resident holders of Notes. There is also no 
Luxembourg withholding tax, upon repayment of the principal or, subject to the application of Luxembourg tax 
law, upon redemption, repurchase or exchange of the Notes. 
Income tax 
Resident investors 
Any investor who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or who has a permanent establishment 
or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or whom the Notes are attributable, is subject to 
Luxembourg income tax in respect of the interest paid or accrued on the Notes. Specific exemptions may be 
available for certain taxpayers benefiting from a particular tax status. 
Resident individual investors 
A Luxembourg resident individual acting in the course of the management of their private wealth, is 
subject to Luxembourg income tax at the ordinary rates in respect of interest received, redemption premiums 
or issue discounts under the Notes, except if (i) a final withholding tax has been levied by the Luxembourg 
paying agent on such payments in accordance with the Law, or (ii) in case of a non-resident paying agent 
established in a Member State of the European Union or in a Member State of the EEA, if such Luxembourg 
resident individual investor has opted for the levy of the 20 per cent. tax in full discharge of income tax in 
accordance with the Law. The option for the 20 per cent. final tax must cover all interest payments made by 
such paying agents to the beneficial owner during the full fiscal year. 
Under Luxembourg domestic tax law, gains realised upon the sale, disposal or redemption of Notes by 
a Luxembourg resident individual who acts in the course of the management of their private wealth, are not 
subject to Luxembourg income tax, provided this sale or disposal took place more than six months after the 
acquisition of the Notes. A Luxembourg resident individual, who acts in the course of the management of their 
private wealth, has further to include the portion of the gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid income in 
respect of the Notes in their taxable income, except if tax has been levied in accordance with the Law. 
Interest derived from as well as gains realised upon a sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the 
Notes by a Luxembourg resident individual holder acting in the course of the management of a professional or 
business undertaking to which the Notes are attributable are subject to Luxembourg income taxes. Taxable gains 
are determined as being the difference between the sale, repurchase or redemption price (including accrued but 
unpaid interest) and the lower of the cost or book value of the Notes sold or redeemed.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
Resident corporate investors 
Interest derived from as well as gains realised by a Luxembourg resident corporate entity, which is a 
resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes, on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Notes are subject 
to Luxembourg income taxes. Taxable gains are determined as being the difference between the sale, repurchase 
or redemption price (including accrued but unpaid interest) and the lower of the cost or book value of the Notes 
sold or redeemed. 
Resident investors benefiting from a special tax regime 
Luxembourg residents who benefit from a special tax regime, such as, for example, (i) undertakings for 
collective investment governed by the amended law of 17 December 2010, (ii) specialised investment funds 
governed by the amended law of 13 February 2007, (iii) family wealth management companies governed by 
the amended law of 11 May 2007, or (iv) reserved alternative investment funds treated as specialised investment 
funds for Luxembourg tax purposes and governed by the law of 23 July 2016 are exempt from income taxes in 
Luxembourg and thus income derived from the Notes, as well as gains realised thereon, are not subject to 
Luxembourg income taxes. 
Non-resident investors 
Non-resident investors, who have neither a permanent establishment nor a permanent representative in 
Luxembourg to which or whom the Notes are attributable, are not subject to Luxembourg income tax on interest 
received or accrued on the Notes. A gain realised by such non-resident investor, on the sale or disposal, in any 
form whatsoever, of Notes is further not subject to Luxembourg income tax. 
Non-resident corporate investors or non-resident individual investors acting in the course of the 
management of a professional or business undertaking, and who have a permanent establishment or a permanent 
representative in Luxembourg to which or whom the Notes are attributable, are subject to Luxembourg income 
tax on interest accrued or received on the Notes and on any gains realised upon the sale or disposal, in any form 
whatsoever, on the Notes. Taxable gains are determined as being the difference between the sale, repurchase or 
redemption price (including accrued but unpaid interest) and the lower of the cost or book value of the Notes 
sold or redeemed. 
Net wealth tax 
Luxembourg resident investors or non-resident investors who have a permanent establishment or a 
permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or whom the Notes are attributable, are subject to 
Luxembourg net wealth tax on such Notes, except if the investor is (i) a resident or non-resident individual 
taxpayer, (ii) an undertaking for collective investment governed by the amended law of 17 December 2010, 
(iii) a securitisation company governed by the amended law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, (iv) a company 
governed by the amended law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, (v) a specialised investment fund 
governed by the amended law of 13 February 2007, (vi) a family wealth management company governed by 
the amended law of 11 May 2007, (vii) a professional pension institution governed by the amended law of 13 
July 2005, or (viii) a reserved alternative investment fund governed by the law of 23 July 2016. However, (i) a 
securitisation company governed by the amended law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, (ii) a company 
governed by the amended law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, (iii) a professional pension institution 
governed by the amended law of 13 July 2005, and (iv) an opaque reserved alternative investment fund treated 
as venture capital vehicle for Luxembourg tax purposes and governed by the law of 23 July 2016, remain subject 
to a minimum net wealth tax.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
Other taxes 
The issuance, sale and disposal of the Notes will not be subject to a Luxembourg registration or stamp 
duty other than a fixed €12 registration duty in case of a voluntary registration or in case it is appended to a 
document that requires mandatory registration. 
Under present Luxembourg tax law, where an individual holder of Notes is a resident for inheritance tax 
purposes of Luxembourg at the time of their death, the Notes are included in their taxable estate for inheritance 
tax purposes. On the contrary, no estate or inheritance taxes are levied on the transfer of Notes upon death of 
an individual holder of Notes in cases where the deceased was not a resident of Luxembourg at the time of their 
death. Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of the Notes, if the gift is recorded in a Luxembourg deed or 
otherwise registered in Luxembourg. 
Luxembourg implementation of FATCA 
Capitalised terms used in this section should have the meaning as set forth in the FATCA Luxembourg 
Law (as defined above), unless provided otherwise herein. 
Under the FATCA Luxembourg Law, NFI should not be treated as a Luxembourg Reporting Financial 
Institution.  
Noteholders who invest through intermediaries are reminded to check if and how their intermediaries 
will comply with this U.S. withholding tax and reporting FATCA regime. 
Noteholders should consult a tax adviser or otherwise seek professional advice regarding the above 
requirements. 
Luxembourg implementation of CRS 
Capitalised terms used in this section should have the meaning as set forth in the Luxembourg law of 
18 December 2015 transposing Common Reporting Standard (the “CRS”) into domestic law (the “CRS 
Luxembourg Law”), unless provided otherwise herein. 
Under the CRS Luxembourg Law, NFI should not be treated as a Luxembourg Reporting Financial 
Institution.  
Noteholders who invest through intermediaries are reminded to check if and how their intermediaries 
will comply with the reporting CRS regime. 
Noteholders should consult a tax adviser or otherwise seek professional advice regarding the above 
requirements. 
Switzerland  
General 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws in force in Switzerland 
as of the date of this Prospectus. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax implications 
that might be relevant to an investment decision. It is included herein solely for preliminary information 
purposes. It is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. Prospective investors in 
the Notes should consult their professional advisers with respect to particular circumstances, the effects of state, 
local or foreign laws to which they may be subject and as to their tax position. 
Swiss Withholding Tax 
Neither payment of interest on, nor repayment of principal of, the Notes, by the Issuer, nor payments 
under the Guarantee by the Guarantor in respect thereof, will be subject to Swiss withholding tax. The Guarantor

--- Page 180 ---
180 
will ensure that, so long as any Notes guaranteed by the Guarantor are outstanding, the amount of proceeds 
from the issuance of Notes guaranteed by the Guarantor and from all other relevant outstanding debt instruments 
issued by a non-Swiss member of the Nestlé Group with the benefit of the guarantee provided by a Swiss 
member of the Nestlé Group that is being applied by any member of the Nestlé Group in Switzerland will not 
exceed the amount that is permissible under the taxation laws in effect at such time in Switzerland without 
subjecting interest payments due under the Notes (or any payments under the Guarantee in respect thereof) to 
Swiss federal withholding tax. 
On 3 April 2020, the Swiss Federal Council published draft legislation to reform the Swiss withholding 
tax system for interest payments on bonds. This draft legislation provided for, among other things, the 
replacement of the current debtor-based regime applicable to interest payments on bonds with a paying agent-
based regime for Swiss withholding tax. Under such proposed paying agent-based regime, subject to certain 
exceptions, all interest payments on bonds made by paying agents acting out of Switzerland to individuals 
resident in Switzerland would have been subject to Swiss withholding tax, including any such interest 
payments made on bonds issued by entities organised in a jurisdiction outside Switzerland (such as interest 
payments on the Notes). Due to the controversial outcome of the consultation on the draft legislation, the Swiss 
Federal Council submitted new draft legislation to the Swiss Federal Parliament, which provided for the 
abolition of Swiss withholding tax on interest payments on bonds. This legislation was accepted by the Swiss 
Parliament, but was subsequently rejected in a popular referendum on 25 September 2022. In view of the 
rejection of this legislation, the Swiss Federal Council could again propose a paying agent-based regime, as 
contemplated by the draft legislation published on 3 April 2020. If such legislation were to result in the 
deduction or withholding of Swiss withholding tax by a paying agent in Switzerland on any interest payments 
under a Note (or any payments under the Guarantee in respect thereof), neither the respective Issuer, nor the 
Guarantor nor a paying agent nor any other person would pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes be 
obliged to pay additional amounts with respect to any Note as a result of the deduction or imposition of such 
withholding tax. 
Swiss Stamp Duty on the Dealing in Securities 
The issue of the Notes (primary market) by the Issuer on the relevant issue date, the issue of the 
Guarantee by the Guarantor and the redemption of the Notes by the Issuer will not be subject to Swiss stamp 
duty on the dealing in securities. 
Secondary market dealings in Notes with a maturity in excess of 12 months where a Swiss domestic 
bank or other Swiss domestic securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss Federal Stamp Duty Act) is a party, or 
acts as an intermediary, to the transaction, may be subject to Swiss stamp duty on dealing in securities at a rate 
of up to 0.3 per cent. of the purchase price of Notes. Where both the seller and the purchaser of the Notes are 
non-residents of Switzerland or the Principality of Liechtenstein, no Swiss stamp duty on the dealing in 
securities will be payable. 
Income Taxation on Principal or Interest  
Non-Swiss resident Holders 
Payments of interest and repayment of principal by the Issuer or, as the case may be, payments by the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee in respect thereof, to a holder of a Note who is a non-resident of Switzerland 
and who, during the current taxation year, has not engaged in trade or business through a permanent 
establishment within Switzerland to which the Note is attributable will not be subject to any federal, cantonal 
or communal income tax. For a discussion of the potential new Swiss withholding tax legislation replacing the 
current issuer-based withholding tax system for a paying-agent based system, see above under “—Swiss 
Withholding Tax”, for a discussion of the automatic exchange of information in tax matters, see below under 
“—International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters” and for a discussion of the Swiss

--- Page 181 ---
181 
facilitation of the implementation of the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, see below under “—Swiss 
Facilitation of the Implementation of FATCA”. 
Notes held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder 
Notes without a “predominant one-time interest payment”: Holders of Notes without a predominant one-
time interest payment (the yield-to-maturity of a Note predominantly derives from periodic interest payments 
and not from a one-time interest payment) who are individuals resident in Switzerland holding the Notes as 
private assets and who receive payments of interest on Notes by the Issuer or, as the case may be, payments by 
the Guarantor under the Guarantee in respect thereof, are required to include such payments, converted into 
Swiss francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of payment, as the case may be, in their personal income 
tax return for the relevant tax period and will be taxable on any net taxable income (including the payments of 
interest on the Notes) for the relevant tax period. A gain (which may include interest accrued) realised on the 
sale of such a Note is a tax-free private capital gain, and a loss realised on the sale of such a Note is a non-tax 
deductible private capital loss. 
Notes with a “predominant one-time interest payment”: Holders of Notes with a predominant one-time 
interest payment (the yield-to-maturity of a Note predominantly derives from a one time-interest payment such 
as an original issue discount or a repayment premium and not from periodic interest payments), who are 
individuals resident in Switzerland holding the Notes as private assets and who receive such payments of 
interest on the Notes by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor under the Guarantee in respect thereof, 
are required to include such interest payments and, in addition, on the sale or redemption of the Note, any 
amount equal to the difference between the value of the Note at redemption or sale, as applicable, and its value 
at issuance or secondary market purchase, as applicable, converted, in each case, into Swiss francs at the 
exchange rate prevailing at the time of payment, redemption or sale, issuance or purchase, respectively (pure 
differential taxation method) constitutes taxable income for the relevant tax period in the hands of a holder of 
Notes who is an individual resident in Switzerland and who holds the Notes as private assets. Such a holder of 
Notes may offset a value decrease on the Notes realised on the sale or redemption of the Notes against any gains 
(including periodic interest payments) realised within the same taxation period from all instruments with a 
predominant one-time interest payment, and vice versa. 
See “—Notes held as Swiss Assets of a Trade or Business” below for a summary of the tax treatment of 
individuals classified as “professional securities dealers”. 
Notes held as Assets of a Trade or Business in Switzerland 
Swiss-resident individual taxpayers who hold Notes as part of Swiss business assets and Swiss-resident 
corporate taxpayers and corporate taxpayers resident abroad holding Notes as part of a Swiss permanent 
establishment or a fixed place of business within Switzerland, are required to recognise the payments of interest 
on the Notes and any capital gain or loss realised on the sale or other disposition of the Notes in their income 
statement for the respective tax period and will be taxable on any net taxable earnings for such period. The same 
taxation treatment also applies to Swiss-resident individuals who, for income tax purposes, are classified as 
“professional securities dealers” for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealings and leveraged transactions in 
securities. 
International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
Switzerland has concluded a multilateral agreement with the EU on the international automatic exchange 
of information (“AEOI”) in tax matters, which applies to all EU Member States. Further, Switzerland has 
concluded the multilateral competent authority agreement on the automatic exchange of financial account 
information (“MCAA”), and a number of bilateral AEOI agreements with other countries, most of them on the 
basis of the MCAA. Based on these agreements and the implementing laws of Switzerland, Switzerland collects 
and exchanges data in respect of financial assets held in, and income derived thereon and credited to, accounts

--- Page 182 ---
182 
or deposits (including Notes held in, and income derived thereon credited to, such accounts or deposits) with a 
paying agent in Switzerland for the benefit of individuals resident in an EU Member State or in another treaty 
state. An up-to-date list of the AEOI agreements to which Switzerland is party that are in effect, or have been 
entered into but are not yet in effect, can be found on the website of the State Secretariat for International 
Financial Matters SIF. 
Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of FATCA 
Switzerland has concluded an intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. to facilitate the 
implementation of FATCA. The agreement ensures that the accounts held by U.S. persons with Swiss financial 
institutions (including accounts in which Notes are held) are disclosed to the U.S. tax authorities either with the 
consent of the account holder or by means of group requests within the scope of administrative assistance. 
Information will not be transferred automatically in the absence of consent, and instead will be exchanged only 
within the scope of administrative assistance on the basis of the double taxation agreement between the U.S. 
and Switzerland (the “Treaty”). Since it was amended in 2019, the Treaty includes a mechanism for the 
exchange of information in tax matters upon request between Switzerland and the United States, which is in 
line with international standards and allows the United States to make group requests under FATCA concerning 
non-consenting U.S. accounts and non-consenting non-participating non-FFIs for periods from 30 June 2014. 
Furthermore, on 8 October 2014, the Swiss Federal Council approved a mandate for negotiations with the 
United States regarding a change from the current direct notification-based regime to a regime where the 
relevant information is sent to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, which in turn provides the information to 
the U.S. tax authorities. It is not yet known when negotiations will continue or when any new regime would 
come into force. For further information on FATCA, see the discussion above under “—U.S. Taxation of 
Notes—FATCA”. 
THE FOLLOWING IS A GENERAL SUMMARY OF SOURCE STATE WITHHOLDING 
TAXES ON INTEREST INCOME UNDER CURRENT LAW AND PRACTICE OF RELEVANT TAX 
AUTHORITIES IN THE JURISDICTIONS WHERE THE NOTES MAY BE OFFERED (WHERE THE 
NOTES MAY BE OFFERED AND WHERE THE AGENT IS LOCATED) AND THE UNITED STATES, 
LUXEMBOURG AND SWITZERLAND (JURISDICTIONS WHERE AN ISSUER OR THE 
GUARANTOR IS INCORPORATED)). THE FOLLOWING DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A 
COMPLETE ANALYSIS OF ALL TAX CONSIDERATIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES AND 
PROSPECTIVE NOTEHOLDERS SHOULD ACCORDINGLY SEEK THEIR OWN PROFESSIONAL 
ADVICE. IN PARTICULAR, NOTEHOLDERS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THE TAX 
LEGISLATION OF ANY JURISDICTION WHERE A NOTEHOLDER IS RESIDENT OR 
OTHERWISE SUBJECT TO TAXATION (AS WELL AS THE JURISDICTIONS DISCUSSED 
BELOW) MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
NOTES INCLUDING IN RESPECT OF ANY INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES. THE 
FOLLOWING ASSUMES THAT THERE WILL BE NO SUBSITUTION OF THE ISSUER AND DOES 
NOT ADDRESS THE CONSEQUENCES OF ANY SUCH SUBSITUTION (NOTWITHSTANDING 
THAT SUCH SUBSITUTION MAY BE PERMITTED BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
NOTES).  
Austria 
Resident investors 
Austrian withholding tax at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent. is triggered if interest on the Notes is paid to 
individuals having their domicile (Wohnsitz) and/or their habitual place of abode (gewöhnlicher Aufenthalt) in 
Austria by a paying agent (auszahlende Stelle) in Austria (i.e. an Austrian credit institution or Austrian branch 
of a non-Austrian credit institution or an Austrian branch of an investment services provider domiciled in a

--- Page 183 ---
183 
Member State or an Austrian issuer directly paying out the interest income to the investor). The withholding 
tax deduction on interest payments will in general result in final income taxation (Endbesteuerung) for 
individuals holding the Notes. 
If Notes were not offered publicly (as construed for Austrian tax purposes) the income derived therefrom 
may be subject to Austrian taxation at the regular Austrian income tax rates for Austrian tax resident individuals 
(in which case no withholding obligation for an Austrian paying agent or securities depository exists). 
Corporate investors having their place of management (Ort der Geschäftsleitung) and/or their corporate 
seat (Sitz) in Austria (“Austrian Resident Corporations”), and who receive interest income from the Notes are 
subject to Austrian corporate income tax pursuant to the provisions of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act 
(Körperschaftsteuergesetz). In the case of a relevant nexus for Austrian withholding tax purposes, such as 
interest income that is paid by an Austrian paying agent, interest payments will be subject to Austrian 
withholding tax at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent. However, the Austrian withholding tax may be levied at a rate of 
24 per cent. For income received in 2023 and 23 per cent. for income received as from 2024 (instead of 27.5 
per cent.) which may be credited against the corporate income tax and, if exceeding, be refunded. Austrian 
Resident Corporations deriving business income from the Notes may avoid the application of this Austrian 
withholding tax by filing a declaration of exemption (Befreiungserklärung) pursuant to Section 94(5) Austrian 
Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz, “EStG”) with the Austrian paying agent as well as the tax authority. 
Both in case of unlimited and limited (corporate) income tax liability, Austria's right to tax may be 
restricted by double taxation treaties. 
Non-resident investors 
Interest income derived from the Notes by individuals who neither have a domicile nor their habitual 
abode in Austria or by corporate investors that neither have their corporate seat nor their place of management 
in Austria (together, “Non-Austrian Residents”) is only taxable in Austria if the respective interest income is 
attributable to a permanent establishment in Austria. Where Non-Austrian Residents receive interest income 
from the Notes as part of their business income taxable in Austria (for example, as part of an Austrian permanent 
establishment), they will be subject to a tax treatment comparable to the one for Austrian resident business 
investors. 
If interest payments have a relevant nexus with Austria for Austrian withholding tax purposes, i.e. they 
constitute interest income that is paid by an Austrian paying agent, such interest payments to Non-Austrian 
Residents will be subject to Austrian withholding tax. However, an Austrian paying agent could abstain from 
levying the 27.5 per cent. (or 24 or 23 per cent. for corporate investors, see above) Austrian withholding tax if 
Non-Austrian Residents who are corporate investors were to comply with the prerequisites set forth in Section 
94(5) EStG. Non-Austrian Residents who are corporate investors may avoid the application of Austrian 
withholding tax if they evidence their non-resident-status vis-à-vis the paying agent by disclosing, inter alia, 
their identity and address. 
If any Austrian withholding tax is deducted by an Austrian paying agent on interest payments under the 
Notes to a Non-Austrian Resident that is not subject to tax in Austria, the Non-Austrian Resident can apply for 
a refund by filing an application with the competent Austrian tax authority (within five calendar years following 
the year of the imposition of the Austrian withholding tax). Before filing a refund request, an advance 
notification (Vorausmeldung) has to be filed electronically to the competent Austrian tax authority. Such 
advance notification can be filed after the end of the year in the course of which the tax has been withheld and 
needs to be enclosed to the refund request with delivery confirmation as well as a residence certificate.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
Germany 
Resident investors 
Payments of interest made to Noteholders (individuals and corporate entities), who are tax resident in 
Germany (in particular, persons having a residence, habitual abode, seat or place of management in Germany) 
on Notes held in custody with or presented for payment to a German custodian (the “Disbursing Agent”) will 
in principal be made subject to a withholding tax. Subject to certain requirements an exemption may apply for 
certain Noteholders. Disbursing Agents are German resident credit institutions, financial services institutions 
(including German permanent establishments of foreign institutions) or securities institution. Interest within 
this meaning also includes the difference between the issue price and the principal or final redemption amount 
of the Zero Coupon Notes paid on maturity. The applicable withholding tax rate is 25 per cent. (plus 5.5 per 
cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax). 
Non-resident investors 
Even if Notes are held in custody with a Disbursing Agent, no German withholding tax should generally 
be withheld from payments of interest made to Noteholders who are not tax resident in Germany unless the 
Notes are held as business assets in a German permanent establishment or by a German permanent 
representative of the Noteholder. Payments of interest to Noteholders who are not tax resident in Germany will 
be made subject to withholding tax, if Notes are presented for payment to a Disbursing Agent. 
The Netherlands 
All payments under the Notes may be made free of withholding or deduction of any taxes of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority 
thereof or therein. 
United Kingdom 
United Kingdom Withholding Tax 
The comments in this part are based on current United Kingdom tax law as applied in England and Wales 
and HM Revenue & Customs practice (which may not be binding on HM Revenue & Customs), in each case 
as at the latest practicable date before the date of this Prospectus.  
Interest on the Notes that is not treated as having a United Kingdom source may be paid without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax. 
In the event that interest on the Notes is treated as having a United Kingdom source, payments of such 
interest can still be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax in 
the following circumstances. 
Payments of interest on the Notes may be made without deduction of or withholding on account of 
United Kingdom income tax provided that the Notes are and continue to be listed on a “recognised stock 
exchange” within the meaning of section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007 (the “ITA 2007”). In the case of 
Notes to be traded on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a “recognised stock exchange” within the 
meaning of section 1005 of the ITA 2007, this condition will be satisfied if the Notes are included in the 
Luxembourg Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. In the case of Notes to 
be traded on the SIX Swiss Exchange which is a “recognised stock exchange” within the meaning of section 
1005 of the ITA 2007, the condition will be satisfied if the Notes are admitted to trading and maintained on the 
SIX Swiss Exchange in accordance with the International Reporting Standard or Swiss Reporting Standard or 
Bonds Standard. Provided, therefore that the Notes carry a right to interest and are and remain so listed on a

--- Page 185 ---
185 
“recognised stock exchange” at the time of payment, interest on the Notes will be payable without deduction of 
or withholding on account of United Kingdom tax. 
Interest on the Notes which is treated as having a United Kingdom source may also be paid without 
withholding or deduction on account of United Kingdom tax where the maturity of the Notes is less than 365 
days and those Notes do not form part of a scheme or arrangement of borrowing intended to be capable of 
remaining outstanding for more than 364 days. 
In all other cases, an amount must generally be withheld from payments of interest on the Notes that has 
a United Kingdom source on account of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.), 
subject to any available exemptions and reliefs. However, where an applicable double tax treaty provides for a 
lower rate of withholding tax (or for no tax to be withheld) in relation to a Noteholder, HM Revenue and 
Customs can issue a notice to the Issuer to pay interest to the Noteholder without deduction of tax (or for interest 
to be paid with tax deducted at the rate provided for in the relevant double tax treaty). 
Where payments in respect of the Guarantee do not have a United Kingdom source, any payments in 
respect of the Guarantee may be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom 
income tax. 
In all other cases, the United Kingdom withholding tax treatment of payments by the Guarantor under 
the terms of the Guarantee is uncertain. In particular, such payments by the Guarantor may not be eligible for 
the exemption in respect of securities listed on a recognised stock exchange described above in relation to 
payments of interest by the Issuer. Accordingly, if the Guarantor makes any such payments, these may be subject 
to United Kingdom withholding tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.). 
References in the paragraphs above to “interest” mean “interest” as such term is understood for UK tax 
purposes.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Limited , Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Continental Europe, RBC Europe Limited, TD Global Finance unlimited company 
and UBS AG London Branch (the “Dealers”) have in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 
30 May 2023 and as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time (the “Programme 
Agreement”), agreed with the Issuers and the Guarantor a basis upon which they or any of them may from time 
to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the 
Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” above. 
Set forth below are certain selling restrictions applicable to Notes issued under the Programme. Each 
Dealer has represented and agreed that it will comply with these restrictions. Each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme Agreement will be required to represent and agree to all applicable restrictions. 
The following selling restrictions may be modified by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealers 
following a change in the relevant laws or regulations. Any such modification will be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms issued in respect of the issue to which it is related or in a supplement to this Prospectus. 
United States 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may 
not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme Agreement will be 
required to agree that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes 
(i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of (A) the completion of 
the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, and (B) the settlement date of such 
Tranche of Notes (or such other date as the Issuer may in its sole discretion deem necessary to comply with 
Regulation S) within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons and it will have sent 
to each distributor, dealer or other person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that 
purchases Notes from it during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding paragraph and in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of any Tranche, an offer or 
sale of Notes of such Tranche within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Notes, other than Registered Notes issued by NHI, are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except 
in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury Regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the U.S. Treasury Regulations 
promulgated thereunder, including United States Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C), as it may 
be amended or any successor regulation regarding certification requirements for foreign targeted bearer notes 
(the “TEFRA C Rules”), or United States Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D), as it may be 
amended or any successor regulation regarding certification requirements for foreign targeted bearer notes (the 
“TEFRA D Rules”). The applicable Final Terms will identify whether the TEFRA C Rules or TEFRA D Rules 
apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable, or whether Notes are issued in compliance with United States 
Treasury Regulations Section 1.6049-5(b)(10) (in which case, the TEFRA D Rules shall apply but without the

--- Page 187 ---
187 
requirement of delivery of an Owner Tax Certification or a Depositary Tax Certification prior to exchange or 
payment). 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of the Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme Agreement will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any such Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable” in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a “Relevant Member State”), each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme Agreement will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in that Relevant Member State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that 
Relevant Member State: 
(a) 
if the applicable Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made 
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant Member State (a “Public 
Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been 
approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member State in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to the 
competent authority in that Relevant Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently 
been completed by the applicable Final Terms contemplating such Public Offer, in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or 
such Final Terms, as applicable and the relevant Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose 
of that Public Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,

--- Page 188 ---
188 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme Agreement 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For 
the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
Agreement will be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 
of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor; and

--- Page 189 ---
189 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
The Netherlands 
For selling restrictions in respect of the Netherlands, see “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
above and in addition: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme Agreement will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are outside the scope of the approval of this Prospectus, as 
completed by the Final Terms relating thereto, to the public in the Netherlands in reliance on Article 1(4) 
of the Prospectus Regulation unless (i) such offer was or is made exclusively to persons or entities which 
are qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation or (ii) each such Note has a minimum 
denomination in excess of EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent thereof in non-Euro currency) and subject to 
compliance with the relevant requirements under Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014. 
(b) 
Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form issued by any Issuer may only be transferred and accepted, directly 
or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through the mediation of either the relevant Issuer or 
a member firm of Euronext Amsterdam N.V., with due observance of the Dutch Savings Certificates Act 
(Wet inzake Spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended) and its implementing regulations. No such 
mediation is required in respect of: (i) the transfer and acceptance of rights representing an interest in a 
Zero Coupon Note in global form; (ii) the initial issue of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form to the 
first holders thereof; (iii) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive 
form between individuals not acting in the conduct of a business or profession; or (iv) the transfer and 
acceptance of such Notes within, from or into the Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes (either in 
definitive form or as rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form) of any 
particular Series are issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed within the Netherlands in the 
course of initial distribution or immediately thereafter. 
As used herein, “Zero Coupon Notes” are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a 
fixed sum against the relevant Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their term to maturity 
or on which no interest is due whatsoever. 
Luxembourg 
Notes having a maturity of less than 12 months that may qualify as money market instruments as defined 
in point (17) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, may not be offered or sold to the public within the territory 
of the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg unless: 
(a) 
an alleviated prospectus has been duly approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier pursuant to Part III, Chapter 1 of the Luxembourg Prospectus Act; or 
(b) 
the offer benefits from an exemption to, or constitutes a transaction not subject to, the requirement to 
publish an alleviated prospectus under Part III of the Luxembourg Prospectus Act. 
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Australian Corporations Act) in relation 
to the Programme or the Notes has been or will be lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments

--- Page 190 ---
190 
Commission (“ASIC”) or the Australian Securities Exchange. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that unless the 
applicable Final Terms (or another supplement to this Prospectus) otherwise provides, it: 
(a) 
has not (directly or indirectly) offered or invited applications, and will not offer or invite applications, 
for the issue, sale or purchase of the Notes in or from Australia (including an offer or invitation which is 
received by a person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, any prospectus or other offering 
material or advertisement relating to any Notes in Australia, 
unless: 
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least A$ 500,000 (or the 
equivalent in any other currency, in either case, disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its 
associates) or the offer or invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to investors in 
accordance with either Part 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Australian Corporations Act; 
(ii) 
such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives (including, without 
limitation, the financial services licensing requirements of Chapter 7 of the Australian 
Corporations Act);  
(iii) 
the offer or invitation is not made to a person in Australia who is a “retail client” as defined for 
the purposes of Section 761G or 761GA of the Australian Corporations Act; and 
(iv) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC. 
New Zealand 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes; and 
(b) 
it has not distributed and will not distribute, directly or indirectly, any offering materials or advertisement 
in relation to any offer of Notes, 
in each case in New Zealand other than: 
(i) 
to persons who are “wholesale investors” as that term is defined in clauses 3(2)(a), (c) and (d) of 
Schedule 1 to the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 of New Zealand (“FMC Act”), being a 
person who is: 
(A) 
an “investment business”; 
(B) 
“large”; or 
(C) 
a “government agency”, 
in each case as defined in Schedule 1 to the FMC Act; or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances where there is no contravention of the FMC Act, provided that (without 
limiting paragraph (i) above) Notes may not be offered or transferred to any “eligible investors” 
(as defined in the FMC Act) or any person that meets the investment activity criteria specified in 
clause 38 of Schedule 1 to the FMC Act.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
People’s Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
Agreement will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes are not being offered or sold and may not be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in the PRC (for such purposes, excluding Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan), 
except as permitted by applicable laws of the PRC. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
Agreement will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) 
of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do 
not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under 
the SFO. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”) and each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme Agreement will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer 
or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means 
any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to 
others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme Agreement 
will be required to acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme Agreement will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has 
not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus 
or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, 
of any Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor

--- Page 192 ---
192 
(as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from 
time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 
275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the 
SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, 
and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, unless otherwise specified 
before an offer of Notes, the relevant Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined 
in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Issues of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent) to be admitted to 
trading on an EEA market and/or offered on an exempt basis in the EEA  
Unless otherwise expressly indicated in the applicable Final Terms and notwithstanding the “Prohibition 
of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” selling restrictions set out above applicable to Notes, in relation to Notes with 
a Specified Denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) to be admitted to 
trading on an EEA regulated market and/or offered in any EEA Member State on an exempt basis as 
contemplated under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation: 
(a) 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
Agreement will be required to represent and agree, that (i) it has not offered or sold, (ii) neither it nor its 
affiliates will offer or sell, and (iii) it will use reasonable efforts to ensure that no offer or sale is made 
whether through financial intermediaries or otherwise of, any such Notes to the public in any EEA

--- Page 193 ---
193 
Member State by means of this Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms or any other document, other than 
to qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation); 
(b) 
each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme Agreement will 
be required to acknowledge, that no action has been taken by the relevant Issuer or any other person that 
would, or is intended to permit an offer to the public of any such Notes in any country or jurisdiction at 
any time where any such action for that purpose is required; and 
(c) 
each Dealer has undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme Agreement will be 
required to undertake, that (i) such Dealer and its affiliates will not, and (ii) such Dealer will, in the case 
of financial intermediaries, use reasonable efforts to ensure that any such financial intermediaries will 
not, offer or sell any such Notes or distribute or publish any offering circular, prospectus, form of 
application, advertisement or other document or information in any country or jurisdiction except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and all offers and 
sales of any such Notes by such Dealer or its affiliates or by such financial intermediaries will be made 
on these terms, and provided that no such offer or sale of Notes by such Dealer or its affiliates or by any 
such financial intermediaries, shall require the relevant Issuer, such Dealer or such financial 
intermediaries to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Public Offers in certain EEA Jurisdictions  
Notwithstanding the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” selling restrictions set out above 
applicable to Notes, where the applicable Final Terms expressly indicate that a Public Offer of Notes in certain 
jurisdictions identified in such Final Terms (such jurisdictions, the “Public Offer Jurisdictions” and each a 
“Public Offer Jurisdiction”) is intended or permitted, the relevant Issuer agrees that the Dealers identified as 
Managers in such Final Terms involved in the offer and such other persons and/or classes of persons as the 
relevant Issuer may nominate and/or describe in the applicable Final Terms will, on the terms and conditions of 
the Public Offer contained in such Final Terms, be able to use such Final Terms and this Prospectus for a Public 
Offer of the Notes in such Public Offer Jurisdictions during the Offer Period specified in such applicable Final 
Terms. 
Upon the execution by the relevant Dealers so identified in the applicable Final Terms, and by the 
relevant Issuer of the agreement to issue and purchase the Notes (the “Agreement”), each such Dealer is 
authorised to, and accordingly may, during the Offer Period specified in such Final Terms, make a Public Offer 
using this Prospectus (as may be supplemented) and the applicable Final Terms in any of the Public Offer 
Jurisdictions and otherwise in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, this Prospectus (as 
so supplemented) and the applicable Final Terms. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
Agreement will be required to represent and agree, that (a) it has not offered or sold and (b) neither it nor its 
affiliates will offer or sell in the EEA, any Notes other than by (i) a Public Offer in any of the Public Offer 
Jurisdictions during the Offer Period pursuant to, and in accordance with, this Prospectus (as may be 
supplemented) and the applicable Final Terms (without modification or supplement); or (ii) an offer to qualified 
investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) or otherwise in compliance with Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation and that during the Offer Period, each such Dealer will use reasonable efforts to ensure 
that any Placer (as defined in the applicable Final Terms) purchasing from such Dealer any of the Notes is aware 
of the foregoing provisions of this “Public Offers in certain EEA Jurisdictions” selling restriction. 
Each Dealer has also represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
Agreement will be required to represent and agree, that the following provisions contained in the applicable

--- Page 194 ---
194 
Final Terms under the heading “Terms and Conditions of the Public Offer” (including where repeated in the 
Summary annexed to the applicable Final Terms), in the second sentence of the section entitled “Offer Price”, 
in the second sentence of the section entitled “Conditions to which the offer is subject”, in the section entitled 
“Description of the application process”, in the section entitled “Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application (whether in number of Notes or aggregate amount to invest)”, in the second sentence of 
the section entitled “Method and time limits for paying up the Notes and for delivery of the Notes” and in the 
section entitled “Process for notification to applicants of the amount allotted and the indication whether dealing 
may begin before notification is made” relating to it and its offer and sale process are true and accurate in all 
respects and that it has not made any Placers as such known to the relevant Issuer other than any Placers who 
are identified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Save as described above and in the applicable Final Terms, no action will be taken by the relevant Issuer 
or any other person that would, or is intended to, permit a Public Offer in the Public Offer Jurisdictions at any 
time other than during the Offer Period pursuant to, and in accordance with, this Prospectus as may be 
supplemented and the applicable Final Terms or in any other country or jurisdiction at any time where any such 
action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme Agreement will 
be required to undertake, that (a) such Dealer and its affiliates will not, and (b) such Dealer will, in the case of 
financial intermediaries, use reasonable efforts to ensure that any such financial intermediaries will not, offer 
or sell any such Notes or distribute or publish any offering circular, prospectus, form of application, 
advertisement or other document or information in any country or jurisdiction except under circumstances that 
will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and all offers and sales of any such Notes by 
such Dealer or its affiliates or by such financial intermediaries will be made on these terms, and provided that 
no such offer or sale of Notes by such Dealer or its affiliates or by any such financial intermediaries, shall 
require the relevant Issuer, such Dealer or such financial intermediaries to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation (or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation) or to take any other action in any jurisdiction other than as described above (unless otherwise agreed 
with the relevant Issuer). 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “Public Offer” in relation to any Notes in any relevant 
Public Offer Jurisdiction means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
Agreement will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any 
individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, 
transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not 
distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar 
documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
Agreement will be required to represent and agree, that it (i) will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes 
in, into or from Switzerland in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations in force in Switzerland and

--- Page 195 ---
195 
(ii) will to the extent necessary, obtain any consent, approval or permission required, if any, for the offer or sale 
by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in Switzerland. 
Only the relevant Final Terms for the offering of Notes in, into or from Switzerland together with the 
Prospectus duly filed, deemed approved and published according to the Swiss Financial Services Act (including 
any supplement thereto at the relevant time), if required, and any information required to ensure compliance 
with the applicable laws and regulations in force in Switzerland may be used in the context of a public offer in, 
into or from Switzerland. Each Dealer has therefore represented and agreed that the relevant Final Terms, the 
Prospectus (including any supplement thereto at the relevant time) and any further information shall be 
furnished to any potential purchaser in Switzerland upon request in such manner and at such times as shall be 
required by, and is in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations in Switzerland. 
General 
No action has been taken or will be taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any 
of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Prospectus or any other offering material relating to any Notes, 
in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Each Dealer has agreed and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme Agreement will be required to agree that it will, to the best of its 
knowledge, having made all reasonable enquiries, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in 
each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells, or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes this 
Prospectus or any other offering material relating to any Notes or any Final Terms, in all cases at its own 
expense. 
No Dealer is authorised to make any representation or use any information in connection with the issue, 
offering and sale of the Notes other than as contained in this Prospectus. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any Dealer, represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold 
in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional 
restrictions as the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment and subsequent updates of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme have been duly authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of NHI dated 1 March 1994, 30 
June 2000, 25 June 2001, 10 June 2002, 1 June 2004, 5 July 2005, 1 August 2006, 5 July 2007, 19 August 2008, 
6 July 2009, 6 May 2010, 28 April 2011, 24 April 2012, 20 May 2013, 25 April 2014, 20 May 2015, 18 May 
2016, 9 May 2017, 16 May 2018, 8 May 2019, 26 May 2020, 21 May 2021, 27 May 2022 and 19 May 2023. 
The establishment and subsequent updates of the Programme were duly authorised by resolutions dated 9 June 
2005, 31 March 2006 and 13 April 2007 of the Board of Directors (Conseil d’administration) of Nestlé Finance 
France S.A. Notes to be issued by Nestlé Finance France S.A. under the Programme were authorised by the 
Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer (Président du Conseil d’administration and 
Directeur Général) of Nestlé Finance France S.A. Nestlé Finance France S.A. changed its name to NFI on 29 
February 2008. The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme have been duly 
authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of NFI dated 25 August 2008, 8 July 2009, 10 May 2010, 
10 May 2011, 5 April 2012, 21 May 2013, 19 May 2014, 20 May 2015, 18 May 2016, 15 May 2017, 16 May 
2018, 22 May 2019, 27 May 2020, 27 May 2021, 24 May 2022 and 23 May 2023.  
Listing and Admission to Trading 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Luxembourg Official List and to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, 
subject only to the issue of a global Note initially representing the Notes of that Tranche. 
Documents Available  
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
(other than the financial statements and reports referred to in paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) below, which are 
available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com) will, when published, be 
available for inspection at https://www.nestle.com/investors/bonds/investorbonds/debt-issuance-program-
documents (save in respect of the documents referred to in paragraphs (ii) to (v) and (vii) to (ix) which will be 
available for a period of 10 years following the date of this Prospectus):  
(i) 
the constitutional documents (in English) of the Issuers and the Guarantor; 
(ii) 
the consolidated financial statements of the Nestlé Group for each of the financial years ended 
31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 (including each of the audit reports issued in respect thereof); 
(iii) 
the Guarantor’s Annual Review of the Nestlé Group for each of the financial years ended 31 December 
2022 and 31 December 2021; 
(iv) 
the Annual Financial Report for each of the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2021 of NHI and its subsidiaries (including the audit report issued in respect thereof); 
(v) 
the Annual Financial Reports for each of the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2021 of NFI (including each of the audit reports issued in respect thereof); 
(vi) 
the Agency Agreement (which contains the form of the Guarantee), the most recently agreed schedule 
of forms (which contains the forms of the Temporary Global Note, Permanent Global Note, the definitive 
Notes, the Coupons and the Talons) and the Note Agency Agreement (which contains the forms of the 
Registered Notes);

--- Page 197 ---
197 
(vii) 
this Prospectus; 
(viii) the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” section from each of the Prospectuses published by the Issuers 
and dated 30 May 2022, 28 May 2021, 29 May 2020, 6 June 2019, 19 May 2017, 23 May 2016, 29 May 
2015, 21 May 2014, 23 May 2013 and 10 May 2012; and  
(ix) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements including Final 
Terms to this Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference.  
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream. The appropriate 
common code and International Securities Identification Number, if applicable, for each Tranche to be held 
through Euroclear and Clearstream, as the case may be, and allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, as the case 
may be, will be contained in the relevant Final Terms. If the Notes are to be cleared through an additional or 
alternative clearing system or by a custodian the appropriate information will be contained in the applicable 
Final Terms. Transactions will normally be effected for settlement not earlier than three days after the date of 
the transaction. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change and Trend Information 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of any of the 
Issuers or the Guarantor and (in each case) its consolidated subsidiaries (if any) (considered as a whole) since 
the date of its most recently published financial statements (in each case dated 31 December 2022) and there 
has been no material adverse change in the prospects of any of the Issuers or the Guarantor since the date of its 
most recently published audited financial statements (being 31 December 2022). 
Following the outbreak of the war in Ukraine in late February 2022, several countries imposed sanctions 
on Russia, Belarus and certain regions in Ukraine. These new circumstances strongly limited the freedom of 
Nestlé Russia Region businesses to operate. The Group has assessed and confirmed that the changes in the legal 
and operating environment of Russia and Ukraine have not impacted the ability to exercise control over the 
Group entities in these countries. The implications for the Group and the global economy of the war in Ukraine 
as well as potential escalations are highly uncertain, and remain difficult to predict or quantify. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in “NESTLÉ S.A. – Legal Proceedings” on page 173, there are no governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuers 
and the Guarantor are aware), in the twelve months prior to the date of this Prospectus which may have, or have 
had in the recent past, a significant effect on the financial position or the profitability of any of the Issuers, the 
Guarantor or the Nestlé Group.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
Independent Auditors  
Ernst & Young LLP audited the consolidated financial statements of NHI, without qualification, in 
accordance with International Standards on Auditing and auditing standards generally accepted in the United 
States of America, for each of the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021. Ernst & Young LLP are 
members of The American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.  
Ernst & Young S.A. – Cabinet de révision agréé audited the financial statements of NFI, without 
qualification, in accordance with International Standards on Auditing as adopted for Luxembourg by the CSSF, 
in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 and with the law of 23 July 2016 on the audit profession for 
each of the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021. Ernst & Young S.A. – Cabinet de révision agréé 
is a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg, with its 
registered office at 35E avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, and 
registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register under number B-47.771 (réviseur d’entreprises 
agréé). Ernst & Young S.A. – Cabinet de révision agréé are members of the Institute of Registered Auditors 
(“Institut des Réviseurs d’Entreprises”) which is the Luxembourg member of the International Federation of 
Accountants and are registered in the public register of approved audit firms held by the CSSF as competent 
authority for public oversight of approved statutory auditors and audit firms.  
Ernst & Young Ltd. audited the consolidated financial statements of the Nestlé Group, without 
qualification, in accordance with Swiss law, International Standards on Auditing (ISAs) and Swiss Auditing 
Standards and for each of the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021. Ernst & Young Ltd. is registered under 
the number 500646 with the Swiss Federal Audit Oversight Authority to carry out audit work in Switzerland.  
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of 
the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Certain of the Dealers transacting with the Issuers or their affiliates 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the relevant Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on 
behalf of the relevant Issuer and its affiliates, or as principal, in connection with Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the relevant 
Issuer or the relevant Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship 
with the relevant Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the relevant Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions 
could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in

--- Page 199 ---
199 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Third party information 
Where information in this Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuers are aware and are able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
Websites 
In this Prospectus, references to websites or uniform resource locaters (“URLs”) are inactive textual 
references. The contents of any such website or URL (other than the contents of the URL’s contained in the 
section titled “Documents Incorporated by Reference” which is incorporated by reference herein) shall not form 
part of, or be deemed to be incorporated by reference into, this Prospectus and have not been scrutinised or 
approved by the CSSF. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuers and the Guarantor 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuers, the Guarantor 
and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business.

--- Page 200 ---
PRINCIPAL OFFICES 
THE ISSUERS 
Nestlé Holdings, Inc. 
30003 Bainbridge Road 
 Solon, Ohio 44139 
 United States  
Nestlé Finance International Ltd. 
7, rue Nicolas Bové 
L-1253 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
R.C.S. Luxembourg B-136737 
 
THE GUARANTOR 
Nestlé S.A. 
Avenue Nestlé 55 
1800 Vevey 
Switzerland 
 
AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT  
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
England 
 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers 
as to U.S. law 
as to Luxembourg law 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
 Linklaters LLP, Luxembourg 
35, Avenue J.F. Kennedy 
 L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
as to English law 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom

--- Page 201 ---
To the Guarantor as to Swiss law 
Wenger Vieli Ltd. 
Dufourstrasse 56 
CH-8008 Zürich 
Switzerland 
 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP  
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
 
DEALERS  
Barclays Bank PLC 
1 Churchill Place 
London E14 5HP 
United Kingdom 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
 Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
HSBC Continental Europe  
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
RBC Europe Limited 
100 Bishopsgate  
London EC2N 4AA 
United Kingdom  
 
TD Global Finance unlimited company 
5th Floor 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 D02 RF29 
Ireland  
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom

--- Page 202 ---
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS  
To Nestlé Holdings, Inc.  
To Nestlé Finance International Ltd. 
Ernst & Young LLP 
1775 Tysons Blvd 
Tysons, VA 22102 
United States 
Ernst & Young S.A. 
35E avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 
Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
To Nestlé S.A. from and including 23 April 2020 
Ernst & Young Ltd. 
Avenue de la Gare 39a 
1002 Lausanne 
Switzerland