--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
NESTE CORPORATION 
(public limited liability company incorporated in Finland) 
€2,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €2,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Neste Corporation (the Issuer) may 
from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
(as defined below).  
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively Bearer Notes and Registered Notes). The maximum 
aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €2,500,000,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement (as defined under "Subscription 
and Sale")), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme" 
and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the 
Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the 
relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to 
all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see "Risk 
Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the 
Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates 
only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market) of the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) or on another regulated market for the purposes 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II) in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from 
the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the Official List) and trading on the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market. References in this Base Prospectus to the Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes have been admitted to the Official List and trading on 
the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in 
relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the 
EEA). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and 
certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of 
Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland 
and, where listed, Euronext Dublin. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin.  
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by such other or further stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) 
or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit

--- Page 2 ---
(ii) 
 
 
of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) unless an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state 
of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
The Issuer has been rated A3 by Moody's Deutschland GmbH (Moody's). The Programme has been rated A3 by Moody's. 
Moody's is established in the EEA and is registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
EU CRA Regulation). As such Moody's is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Moody's is not established in the United Kingdom (the UK) 
but ratings issued by Moody's will be endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Limited, which is established in the UK and 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation). 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by the rating agency referred to above. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned 
to the Programme by Moody's. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(EURIBOR), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) or the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate (STIBOR) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (as 
the administrator of EURIBOR) and the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB (as the administrator of STIBOR) are 
each included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (as the 
administrator of SOFR) is not included in ESMA's register of administrators under the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far 
as the Issuer is aware SOFR does not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
Arranger 
CITIGROUP 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
CITIGROUP 
DANSKE BANK 
ING 
NORDEA 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 12 September 2024.

--- Page 3 ---
(iii) 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each 
Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (having taken all 
reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated in it by 
reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the 
basis that those documents are incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers as 
to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation 
to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
(a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation 
by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing 
any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal 
of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any 
of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any circumstances 
imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to its date or that 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under 
the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 4 ---
(iv) 
 
 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled 
"MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any 
Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled 
"UK MiFIR product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules. 
Product Classification Pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore – The applicable 
Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product 
Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA). The Issuer will make a determination 
in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of section 309B(1)(a) of the 
SFA. Any such legend included on the applicable Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" (as defined in 
section 309A(1) of the SFA) for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND OFFERS OF 
NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any jurisdiction 
to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do 
not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action 
has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this 
Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or 
sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable 
laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves 
about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In 
particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United 
States, the EEA (including Belgium), the UK, Singapore, Switzerland and Japan, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Notes issued as Green Bonds – None of the Arranger, Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates accepts any 
responsibility for any environmental or sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds (Green Bonds) or 
makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements 
regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels. None of the Arranger, Dealers not any of their respective 
affiliates is responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such 
use of proceeds. S&P Global Ratings has issued an independent opinion on the Issuer's green finance framework (as 
amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, the Framework) (the Second Party Opinion). The Second Party 
Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is not intended to address any credit,

--- Page 5 ---
(v) 
 
 
market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor 
preference or suitability of any security. The Second Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. No 
representation or assurance is given by the Arranger, Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates as to the suitability or 
reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with 
an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. The Second Party Opinion and any 
other such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger nor 
any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it is issued. The criteria and/or considerations 
that formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion or any such other opinion or certification may change at any time and 
the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein. The 
Framework may also be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or 
withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. 
None of the Issuer's Framework, the Second Party Opinion nor any other such opinion or certification forms part of, nor is 
incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus. In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted 
to trading on a dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently labelled segment of a stock exchange or 
securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger nor any of the Dealers that such listing 
or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer has been derived from 
(i) the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 
December 2023 (the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements) and (ii) the unaudited consolidated interim financial 
statements of the Issuer in respect of the six-month period ended 30 June 2024 (the Interim Financial Statements, and 
together with the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements, the Financial Statements), which are incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
The Issuer's financial year ends on 31 December and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific year are to the 
12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The Audited Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared 
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU (IFRS) issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board (IASB).  
Certain terms used in this Base Prospectus and financial measures presented in the documents incorporated by reference 
are not recognised financial measures under IFRS (Alternative Performance Measures or APMs) and may therefore not 
be considered as an alternative to the financial measures defined in the accounting standards in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles. The Issuer presents APMs because it believes that these and similar measures are used by 
certain investors, securities analysts and other interested parties as supplemental measures of performance and liquidity. 
The APMs may differ from company to company and therefore may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures 
of other companies. The APMs may also have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or 
as a substitute for analysis of the Group's operating results as reported under IFRS. For definitions and further explanations 
of Alternative Performance Measures, see "Alternative Performance Measures and other Key Performance Indicators", 
below. 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have the meaning 
attributed to them in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or any other section of this Base Prospectus. In addition, the 
following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined below:  
References to EUR, euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
References to a billion are to a thousand million.  
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
References to the Group are to the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries.  
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a reference to 
that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 6 ---
(vi) 
 
 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the 
suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, 
either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of 
investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial 
situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including 
Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are subject 
to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult 
its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 
days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 7 ---
(vii) 
 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Certain statements included in this Base Prospectus may constitute "forward-looking statements". Forward-looking 
statements are all statements in this Base Prospectus that do not relate to historical facts and events, and include statements 
concerning the Issuer's plans, objectives, goals, strategies and future operations and performance and the assumptions 
underlying these forward-looking statements. The Issuer uses the words "may", "will", "could", "believes", "assumes", 
"intends", "estimates", "expects", "plans", "seeks", "approximately", "aims", "projects", "anticipates" or similar 
expressions, or the negative thereof, to generally identify forward looking statements. 
Forward-looking statements may be set forth in a number of places in this Base Prospectus, including (without limitation) 
in the sections "Risk Factors" and "Information about Neste". The Issuer has based these forward-looking statements on 
the current view with respect to future events and financial performance. These views involve uncertainties and are subject 
to certain risks, the occurrence of which could cause actual results to differ materially from those predicted in the 
forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus and from past results, performance or achievements. 
Although the Issuer believes that the estimates and the projections reflected in its forward-looking statements are 
reasonable, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise or occur, including those which the Issuer has identified 
in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the Issuer's underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or incorrect, the Issuer's 
actual results of operations may vary from those expected, estimated or projected. 
These forward-looking statements are made only as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Except to the extent required by 
law, the Issuer is not obliged to, and does not intend to, update or revise any forward-looking statements made in this Base 
Prospectus whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All subsequent written or oral 
forward-looking statements attributable to the Issuer, or persons acting on the Issuer's behalf, are expressly qualified in 
their entirety by the cautionary statements contained throughout this Base Prospectus. As a result of these risks, 
uncertainties and assumptions, a prospective purchaser of the Notes should not place undue reliance on these 
forward-looking statements.

--- Page 8 ---
(viii) 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Overview of the Programme ................................................................................................................................................. 1 
Risk Factors .......................................................................................................................................................................... 5 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................................... 23 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................................... 25 
Applicable Final Terms ...................................................................................................................................................... 28 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes..................................................................................................................................... 39 
Use of Proceeds .................................................................................................................................................................. 74 
Information about Neste ..................................................................................................................................................... 75 
Board of Directors and Management .................................................................................................................................. 89 
Selected Financial Information ........................................................................................................................................... 96 
Alternative Performance Measures and Other Key Performance Indicators ...................................................................... 98 
Taxation ............................................................................................................................................................................ 101 
Subscription and Sale........................................................................................................................................................ 103 
General Information .......................................................................................................................................................... 107

--- Page 9 ---
1 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder 
of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable 
Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer(s) may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that 
contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, and if appropriate, a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus, will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have the same 
meanings in this Overview.  
Issuer: 
Neste Corporation 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
5493009GY1X8GQ66AM14 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations 
under Notes issued under the Programme. In addition, there are certain factors 
which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of a particular 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out under "Risk Factors". 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Dealers:
BNP Paribas
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Danske Bank A/S
ING Bank N.V.
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular laws, 
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be 
issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale"), including the following restrictions applicable at the date of this Base 
Prospectus:  
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the issue are 
accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on 
accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (FSMA) unless they are issued to a limited class of professional investors 
and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see "Subscription 
and Sale". 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
Registrar: 
Citibank Europe Plc 
Programme Size: 
Up to €2,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described 
in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the 
amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in each case on 
a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes may be denominated 
in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.

--- Page 10 ---
2 
 
 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which is at par or at 
a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in either bearer or registered form as described in "Form 
of the Notes". Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice 
versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will be calculated on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on the basis of the 
reference rate set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed prior to 
issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment 
Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate or both. 
Benchmark discontinuation: 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Notes, then in the event 
that a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event, as applicable, (each as 
defined in the Conditions) occurs, such that any rate of interest (or any component 
part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the original benchmark or screen 
rate specified in the applicable Final Terms, then such rate of interest may be 
substituted (subject to certain conditions) with a successor, replacement or 
alternative benchmark and/or screen rate (with consequent amendment to the terms 
of such Series of Notes and the application of an adjustment spread (which could be 
positive or negative or zero)). See Condition 5.2(f) for further information. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount 
and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons or following 
an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
and/or the Noteholders and/or the Noteholders on a Change of Control, in each case 
upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or 
dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such 
other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.   
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to restrictions on their 
denomination and distribution, see "Certain Restrictions—Notes having a maturity 
of less than one year" above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be 
such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency, see "Certain Restrictions—Notes having a maturity of less than 
one year" above, and save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be

--- Page 11 ---
3 
 
 
€100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law, as provided in Condition 8 
(Taxation). In the event that any such withholding or deduction is made, the Issuer 
will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), be 
required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted or withheld. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as further described 
in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as further described in 
Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and will rank pari passu among themselves and (save for any obligations required 
to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
Rating: 
The Issuer and the Programme have been rated A3 by Moody's. Series of Notes 
issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is 
rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer. A security rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing: 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
the Official List and to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further 
stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in 
relation to the Series. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be 
listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or 
markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English 
law.  
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the United States, 
the EEA (including Belgium), the UK, Singapore, Switzerland and Japan, and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Bearer Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are 
applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended (the Code) (TEFRA D) unless (i) the applicable Final Terms states that 
the Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or 
any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes 
of Section 4701 of the Code) (TEFRA C) or (ii) the Notes are issued other than in 
compliance with TEFRA D or TEFRA C but in circumstances in which the Notes 
will not constitute "registration required obligations" under the United States Tax 
Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (TEFRA), which circumstances will

--- Page 12 ---
4 
 
 
be referred to in the applicable Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable.

--- Page 13 ---
5 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in Notes issued under the Programme, 
prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes issued under the 
Programme, the business of the Issuer and the industry in which it operates together with all other information contained 
in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below. Words and expressions defined in "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes" or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
The following are the risks that the Issuer believes to be material to an assessment by a prospective investor when 
considering an investment in Notes issued under the Programme. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the Issuer 
that are not currently known to the Issuer at the date of this Base Prospectus, or that it currently deems immaterial as at 
such date, may individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of 
operations and/or financial position of the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and 
investors could lose all or part of their investment. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including any 
documents incorporated by reference herein, and reach their own views, based upon their own judgement and upon advice 
from such financial, legal and tax advisers as they have deemed necessary, prior to making any investment decision. 
The risk factors presented herein have been divided into the following categories based on their nature: 
 
Risks relating to Neste's operating environment; 
 
Risks relating to Neste's business operations; 
 
Risks relating to Neste's regulatory environment; 
 
Risks relating to Neste's financing; and 
 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
Risks Relating to Neste's Operating Environment 
Uncertain global economic development, a prolonged economic slowdown or recession, or geopolitical tensions may 
have a material adverse effect on Neste. 
Neste operates globally creating solutions for combating climate change and accelerating a shift to a circular economy. 
Neste refines renewable raw materials with a focus on waste and residues into renewable fuels and sustainable feedstock 
for polymers and chemicals. Neste also offers high-quality oil products and related services for the road transport, non-road 
uses, aviation and marine sectors as well as for the oil and petrochemical industries. The demand for Neste's products is 
affected by global economic development where, generally speaking, demand for Neste's products, or their margins, 
decreases in times of uncertain global economic development and economic slowdown. Global economic conditions also 
affect the demand for and pricing of Neste's feedstocks. 
Neste is subject to the negative impact of periods of economic slowdown or recession, political uncertainty, geopolitical 
tensions and disruptions in the feedstock and product markets in which it operates. The war in Ukraine and its impact on 
the energy and raw material markets in Europe, deteriorated global and regional economic conditions post-COVID-19, 
including in Europe and the Nordic region, low growth expectations, high inflation, elevated interest rates and tightening 
central bank measures have increased uncertainty in the global economic and financial markets in recent years. Demand 
for fossil and renewable end products could decrease as a result of higher prices, regulated and voluntary market 
development and additional regulatory measures that relate to the share or calculation of renewables in transportation fuels. 
High inflation could also increase Neste's operating costs and costs of ongoing capital investments that relate to sourcing 
of feedstock, utilities, labour, services, equipment and materials. 
Geopolitical tensions, such as the war in Ukraine, conflicts in the Middle East and other emerging military or trade conflicts, 
could have adverse effects on international trade and finance and result in trade restrictions being imposed in one or more 
of Neste's markets, which could adversely affect Neste. Since the beginning of the war in Ukraine in February 2022, the 
United States, the European Union (the EU), the UK, Canada, Japan and Australia, among others, have imposed several 
tranches of economic sanctions against Russia as well as Belarus. These sanctions primarily target certain financial 
institutions, companies and individuals, but also industry sectors, such as transportation, energy and finance. In response, 
Russia has imposed various counter-sanctions and other measures that hinder non-Russian businesses operating in Russia. 
These existing and increasing sanctions create a complex system that affects international trade and finance, energy and 
raw material markets in Europe and the rest of the world and the global economy, and have contributed to currency 
fluctuations and inflation.

--- Page 14 ---
6 
 
 
In particular, there have been various rounds of EU sanctions imposed on Russian crude oil and oil products. The resulting 
shift away from the use of Russian crude oil by European refiners, combined with OPEC+ supply control measures, tight 
monetary policies and the gradual recovery of global and regional economic conditions post-COVID-19 have impacted 
refining margins. There is also continuing uncertainty regarding the availability of, and demand for, oil products and natural 
gas prices resulting from the EU embargo on Russian oil products that came into force in early February 2023. The 
continuing war in Ukraine and the escalated crisis in the Middle East have intensified geopolitical risks that could have a 
material impact on the global and European energy markets. The war and the crisis have impacted the supply of oil products 
to the global markets and oil product flows and may result in further trade sanctions and energy infrastructure sabotage, in 
addition to impacting supply chains, market demand and supply conditions. They could also create further pressure on the 
prices of feedstock, materials, services, logistics and utilities and affect the energy markets, especially in Europe. There 
can be no assurance that further sanctions, counter-sanctions, import and/or export restrictions or other measures, which 
could have an adverse effect on Neste's business, will not be imposed. Oil prices are subject to, amongst other factors, 
regional unrest, such as supply interruptions or fears thereof that may be caused by civil unrest or political uncertainty. If 
geopolitical tensions increase and lead to the imposition of additional or more comprehensive trade restrictions, or if further 
disruptions impact the global supply chains, this could have a material adverse effect on Neste's ability to access feedstocks, 
the delivery of products, product demand and Neste's ability to complete investment projects and, thereby, on Neste's 
business and results of operations. 
Future economic downturns, global tensions or the imposition of further sanctions could increase uncertainty in global 
trade, geopolitics and trajectories of economies. Uncertain global economic development could increase volatility in the 
renewable feedstock and oil products markets. This could be caused by, for example, China's economic fundamentals as 
well as U.S.–China trade tensions. Any uncertain global economic developments or economic slowdowns could also reduce 
the amount of waste and residues available for Neste's production and increase the price of feedstock. Furthermore, 
financial downturns and a higher cost of living may decrease the willingness of governments to support policies for higher 
greenhouse gas (GHG) reduction and other biofuel mandates in EU member states or in Neste's other key markets, which 
would impact the demand for and prices of renewable products, which are generally more expensive than fossil-based 
alternatives. 
If periods of poor economic conditions and decreased government support for renewable fuels or restrictions on economic 
activity continue for prolonged periods of time, it may have a material adverse effect on Neste's business conditions, 
revenue, operating profit as well as future prospects. Furthermore, fluctuations in the prices of renewable and oil products 
as well as crude oil and other feedstocks, whether or not caused by macroeconomic conditions, could have a material 
adverse effect on Neste's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
Additionally, Neste is exposed to the impacts of governmental and trade protection or trade defence measures. Changes in 
policies on international trade may affect the availability or cost of raw materials used by Neste. The adoption of 
protectionist trade policies, such as restrictions or quotas on the import and export of goods and services, barriers to entry, 
additional tariffs and duties, government subsidies or other measures aiming to protect domestic industries, and the outcome 
and scope of trade defence measures in the countries where Neste sources raw materials and sells its products could have 
an adverse effect on Neste’s business. 
Neste is exposed to several environmental, social and corporate governance (ESG) risks, including risks related to 
climate change, and failure to achieve set targets could have a material adverse effect on Neste. 
The relevance of ESG matters has significantly increased in the past years, not only among investors, customers, suppliers 
and business partners but also among employees, governments and society in most of Neste's markets. It is expected that 
the relevance of ESG-related matters will continue to increase in the future. Neste's strategic ambition is to be a global 
leader in renewable and circular solutions. Growing pressure to combat climate change and reduce GHG emissions is 
therefore primarily a positive driver for Neste's business. However, political and societal focus on the low-carbon transition 
and the energy sector's carbon footprint also create risks. Indirect economic and political consequences of climate change 
may contribute to the general uncertainty in the business environment and hence have an adverse effect on Neste's business. 
Furthermore, during the last few years various governments have shifted their attention towards mitigation of the higher 
cost of living, and as a result, the market has seen temporary reductions in climate ambition and targets as well as slowed 
down implementation of climate policies. This could also adversely impact demand for Neste's products. 
Neste has set ambitious climate and other ESG targets as part of its strategy, as discussed under "Information about Neste—
Neste's Strategy—Strategy Execution". Achieving these strategic objectives is subject to a variety of uncertainties and 
inherent risks, including Neste's ability to source sustainable feedstocks at quantities sufficient for its production targets 
and at acceptable prices, lower than expected availability and/or higher than expected cost related to scaling up of key 
decarbonisation technologies, policy considerations and/or investor expectations around renewable fuels and circular 
solutions as they evolve. Neste may fail to achieve its strategic climate goals or fulfil other ESG-related expectations by its 
stakeholders, which could undermine Neste's credibility and/or cause reputational issues.

--- Page 15 ---
7 
 
 
Investors are increasingly considering ESG ratings in their investment decisions for financial instruments. If Neste fails to 
attract investors based on its ESG strategies and goals or is not able to fulfil the ESG-related expectations by its 
stakeholders, Neste may not be able to issue Notes under the Programme or other debt instruments on favourable terms or 
at all. This may have a material adverse effect on Neste's ability to obtain funding, its costs or its sources of financing, and, 
accordingly, its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Under the EU Emission Trading Scheme, producers of GHG emissions are granted limited amounts of emission allowances 
for free; if the emissions exceed the amount of allocated allowances, producers of GHG are obliged to reduce their level of 
emissions or acquire additional allowances. In line with the EU's climate targets, the European Commission proposes to 
tighten the existing EU Emission Trading Scheme and lower the annual emissions cap. Neste needs emission allowances 
for its business activities and although Neste has launched ambitious climate targets to reduce its GHG emission, stricter 
future rules and decarbonisation policies, compliance with laws, regulations and obligations relating to climate change and 
carbon pricing could result in substantial capital expenditure and reduced profitability due to higher operating costs for 
Neste. In addition, changes in carbon emission trading schemes or similar initiatives on EU-, United States- or individual 
EU Member State-level may have a significant adverse effect on Neste's business. 
Risks Relating to Neste's Business Operations 
Changes in refining margins in the refining industry may have a material adverse effect on Neste. 
Neste's results of operations are primarily affected by the price differentials, or margins, between the prices of the refined 
renewable and oil end products that it produces and the prices for the feedstocks used in its production, including waste 
and residue feedstocks, various vegetable oils, other feedstocks and crude oil. Neste's costs of acquiring its feedstocks and 
the price at which Neste can ultimately sell its refined renewable and oil end products depend upon a variety of factors 
largely beyond Neste's control. Refining margins have historically been volatile, and they are likely to continue to be 
volatile in the future. Future volatility in refining margins, especially tightening of refining margins, could have a material 
adverse effect on Neste's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. Changes in market prices 
during the period between the purchase of the feedstock and the sale of the end product may also affect Neste's refining 
margins. 
Factors that may affect Neste's refining margins include: 
 
changes in the prices of, and the supply of and demand for, Neste's feedstocks (including waste and residue 
feedstocks, various vegetable oils, other renewable feedstocks, crude oil and other fossil feedstocks) and end 
products (including sustainable aviation fuel (SAF), renewable diesel, gasoline and diesel); 
 
changes in biocredit price levels, such as Renewable Identification Number (RINs) and California Low Carbon 
Fuel Standard (LCFS) credit prices as well as European bioticket prices; 
 
demand for Neste's products growing at a slower pace than anticipated; 
 
changes in the prices of alternatives to Neste's renewable products; 
 
changes in renewable refining capacity that relates to Neste's renewable end products refined by Neste as well as 
global fossil oil refining overcapacity; 
 
pricing and other actions taken by Neste's competitors that impact the market for Neste's feedstocks and end 
products; 
 
the availability of price arbitrage for refined renewable and oil products between different geographical markets; 
 
changes in the cost and availability of logistics services for Neste's feedstocks and end products; 
 
changes in environmental or other laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, those affecting Neste's 
production processes, biofuel mandates and other incentives, oil product specifications and feedstocks; and 
 
general political and economic conditions. 
Market prices for waste and residue feedstocks, vegetable oils, other renewable feedstocks, crude oil and other fossil 
feedstocks, as well as for refined renewable and oil-based end products, are subject to significant fluctuations resulting 
from a variety of factors affecting demand and supply that are outside of Neste's control. Furthermore, the market prices 
for feedstocks and market prices for refined renewable end products may follow different dynamics, which may affect 
Neste's refining margins. It is expected that increases in production capacity for renewable products by Neste's competitors 
will support high demand and high prices for renewable feedstocks. However, it is not possible to accurately predict future

--- Page 16 ---
8 
 
 
demand and supply trends and their impact on feedstock and end-product prices. Furthermore, volatility in the prices of 
Neste's feedstocks and end products could adversely affect Neste's operating and project costs. 
Neste's refining margins in the Renewable Products business area and the Oil Products business area have certain distinct 
drivers. For example, the increasing focus on prevention of climate change, ambitious GHG emission reduction targets 
around the world and increasing requirements for renewable energy content in transport (particularly in the EU and the 
United States) support demand for renewable products and decrease demand for crude oil based products. In addition, 
regulation and legislation in the EU and United States concerning, among other things, biofuel certificates and mandates, 
are important demand drivers for renewable products. These factors also support demand for renewable feedstocks, which 
could increase Neste's costs. Depending on the nature of each factor and the particular circumstances, these factors could 
be supportive to Neste's business, but they could also have a short- or long-term material adverse effect on Neste's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Introduction and/or adoption of competing renewable fuel technologies or advancing of hybrid and electric engines 
may have an impact on the demand for Neste's products and decrease refining margins. 
Neste's proprietary renewable fuel production technology (NEXBTL) is a proven technology for the production of 
high-quality fuels using renewable feedstocks. Many companies have developed and are investigating ways to further 
develop renewable or carbon free fuel and power technologies such as electrification, fuel cells, synthetic fuels, 
lignocellulosic fuels and biogas. As competitors continue to develop competing technologies, one or more of Neste's 
proprietary technologies could become outdated. There is no assurance that Neste's competitive position will be retained 
as new players enter the market, current competitors develop their technologies or preferences, either customer or 
legislative, for clean mobility change. Staying ahead of competition requires continuous improvement, the ability to 
challenge current business models and a strong focus on innovations such as new production technology and feedstock 
platforms. More rapid than anticipated development of alternative feedstocks and production technologies for liquid fuels, 
the evolution and adoption of engine technologies and the introduction of alternative powertrains could increase 
competition for NEXBTL, which may decrease demand for Neste's products and lower margins for Neste's products. 
Furthermore, the demand for and margins on Neste's products could be adversely affected by regulatory preferences for 
technologies or products that compete with Neste's. The materialisation of any of the above could have an adverse effect 
on Neste's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Increases in global renewable refining capacity relative to growth in demand for the renewable products may have a 
material adverse effect on Neste. 
Many companies, including oil majors, have announced projects to produce renewable diesel, SAF or similar renewable 
products, and Neste's key markets have seen an increase in supply volumes. In the renewable fuels market, risks relate to 
the balancing of fuel supply and demand in the face of changing regulation, in both the feedstock and product sides, and 
markets may become oversupplied especially if mandates and regulatory incentives grow at a slower pace than supply 
build-up in the biofuels sector. Demand for renewable products will continue to evolve in the future, but this is subject in 
particular to the pace of regulatory developments. If new competitor capacities lead to supplies of renewable products 
exceeding demand, or if Neste's renewable products become less competitive, it may reduce Neste's refining margins for 
renewable products, and, thereby have a material adverse effect on Neste's business, financial condition or results of 
operations. 
A production interruption at Neste's refineries and plants could have a material adverse effect on Neste. 
Neste's business is dependent to a significant extent on its renewable products refineries in Singapore and Rotterdam, the 
Netherlands, its refinery in Porvoo, Finland, as well as the 50/50 joint operation with Marathon Petroleum Corporation 
(Marathon) in Martinez, California. Neste's renewable products refineries had a total nameplate production capacity of 
approximately 3.3 million tonnes per year at the end of 2023. With the Singapore expansion and the joint operation with 
Marathon, a total nameplate production capacity for renewable products of 5.5 million tonnes per year is targeted to be 
reached by the end of 2024. Scheduled maintenance shutdowns at Neste's refineries have an adverse effect on Neste's 
results of operations. In addition to the lost revenue due to the production stoppage, Neste faces the risk of, among others, 
maintenance shutdowns taking longer than expected or incurring unexpected costs in connection with a planned shutdown. 
In addition, Neste may experience unexpected, forced shutdowns or curtailed production due to unforeseen events, such as 
major accidents, disruptions in the supply of utilities, breakdown of critical machinery, industrial action or information 
technology related issues. As an example, Neste has experienced work stoppages in the past and political strikes in the first 
quarter of 2024. Neste has continued with the design and implementation of strategic and operational business continuity 
measures however any shutdown of Neste's operations, whether planned or unplanned, could have a material adverse effect 
on Neste's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Neste's inventories could adversely affect Neste's results of operations and financial condition. 
Neste's business operations require it to maintain inventories of feedstocks and end products. As Neste's operations and 
production capacity increase, Neste's inventories, as well as its working capital requirements, are also expected to increase.

--- Page 17 ---
9 
 
 
Neste applies a weighted average method for measuring the cost of goods sold, raw materials and inventories and, 
accordingly, changes in the prices of Neste's feedstocks, end products as well as preparations for scheduled turnarounds in 
Neste's refineries affect the value of Neste's inventories. Whilst Neste uses derivative instruments with the aim of protecting 
its position against fluctuations in commodity prices, there can be no assurance that such measures will be effective. 
Significant decreases in the value of Neste's inventories could adversely affect Neste's results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Failure to protect Neste's proprietary technology may have a material adverse effect on Neste and impair its growth 
opportunities. 
Neste is actively pursuing growth opportunities using its proprietary technology and know-how. Its technology and 
know-how may provide an ability to capture additional margins in selected special product markets through developing 
new businesses in higher margin products such as renewable fuels and other high quality renewable components. To protect 
its rights, Neste maintains numerous patents worldwide. Neste also relies on a combination of international trade secret and 
other intellectual property laws and protective measures to establish and protect its proprietary rights relating to its products, 
systems and services. 
The measures taken by Neste to protect its technology and know-how against third party infringement and appropriation 
may prove inadequate, and there can be no assurance that Neste's proprietary rights will be upheld as valid. 
Commercialisation of Neste's proprietary technology may also give rise to claims that its technology infringes upon the 
proprietary rights of other parties. Furthermore, Neste's competitors could develop competing technologies outside of the 
scope of protection provided by Neste's proprietary rights. Should Neste fail to develop, defend or protect its technology, 
products, systems and services, such failure may have a material adverse effect, among other things, on Neste's competitive 
position and results of operations. 
Neste is subject to risks relating to the management and execution of large investment projects. 
Neste has an ongoing EUR 1.9 billion investment and expansion project at its Rotterdam refinery to expand production of 
SAF and other renewable products. The Rotterdam expansion project is expected to increase Neste's total nameplate 
production capacity for renewable products by 1.3 million tonnes per year, with the target to start up the new production 
unit during the first half of 2026. 
Large investment projects such as the expansion project in Rotterdam typically entail significant costs and take several 
years to complete. Participation in large projects involves risks such as cost overruns, delays or not achieving the economic 
targets set for the investment, and significant delays in project planning or execution may reduce operational efficiency or 
impair Neste's ability to secure its competitive position. In addition, Neste faces the risks of not meeting targeted capacities, 
product flexibility or feedstock flexibilities in its growth projects. For example, in 2023, delays in the build-up to the 
opening of the new production line at the Singapore refinery had an adverse impact on the production and sales volumes 
of renewable diesel and SAF and the new line utilisation rate is currently at approximately 75 per cent. (see "Information 
about Neste—Description of Operations by Business Area—Renewable Products—Refineries for Renewable Products" 
below). Any problems related to the management and execution of large projects, including slower than expected timelines 
of new production lines and ramp-up to reach targeted capabilities, could have a material adverse effect on Neste's business, 
financial condition or results of operations. 
Following the completion of its strategic survey of the oil refinery in Porvoo, Finland, Neste has decided to launch a gradual 
transformation of the oil refinery into a renewable and circular solutions refining site. The planned transformation will 
proceed in phases and will require multiple separate investment decisions during the next decade before its targeted 
completion in the mid-2030s. Neste expects the long-term capacity potential after the transformation to be approximately 
3 million tonnes of renewable and circular products. The final timeline for transitioning from crude oil to renewable and 
circular raw materials will be determined at a later stage in line with the actual fuel market demand, legislation development 
and transformation progress. Failure to complete the transformation could have a significant impact on Neste's climate 
commitments and emission reduction targets. 
Neste is responsible for many projects in several of its countries of operation at any given time. All projects involve 
technical and operational risks, and projects require continuous operational planning, steering and supervision, quality 
control, input procurement, scheduling as well as resource and cost monitoring. Managing several projects requires that 
Neste has sufficient resources and efficient processes to enable several overlapping internal teams and supplier networks 
to be managed simultaneously. Any additional health and safety measures or supply or logistics restrictions could create 
new challenges to large investment projects, for example in the form of cost increases, service deficiencies or delays. Any 
technical issues, schedule delays or other problems related to management and execution of individual projects could have 
a material adverse effect on Neste's business, financial condition or results of operations.

--- Page 18 ---
10 
 
 
Neste may not be able to realise some or all of the anticipated benefits of its growth strategy and related investments or 
there may be delays and unexpected higher costs or other difficulties in realising such benefits. 
The majority of strategic risks faced by Neste relate to the viability of strategic choices and risks in strategy implementation. 
The success of Neste's growth strategy depends on Neste's ability to grow its current businesses and to develop and open 
new feedstock and end-product markets. In order to succeed, Neste must understand the expectations of its customers and 
be able to find the best possible ways to serve them with the right end product offering and production asset portfolio. 
Among other things, innovation in the field of new sustainable feedstocks, feedstock treatment and production 
technologies, and circular and renewable solutions are expected to be key factors to enable Neste to grow its existing 
business and create new business platforms for further growth. The success of Neste's strategy can also be adversely 
affected by changes in the competitive landscape or by decisions taken by Neste. 
Neste's products and services must continuously meet customer requirements relating to, for example, product quality and 
sustainability. Evolving customer requirements together with more complex sourcing and logistics networks and 
production methods increase the exposure to quality risks that need to be managed well in order to maintain the high-
quality brand image. Neste has implemented systematic quality management measures both in its own operations and in 
partner networks, but there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective. 
Due to their nature, Neste's growth investments usually require considerable amounts of capital and have long lead times 
to generate returns, leaving them susceptible to changes in market conditions, applicable regulatory framework and other 
unexpected factors. As a part of its strategy, Neste has also committed to new ambitious climate targets and integrated 
these into its investment criteria and other activities. Due to the size, location, structure and complexity of an investment 
or other projects, there is always a risk of cost overruns, delays and the investment or other projects not leading to 
commercially feasible solutions. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on Neste's business, financial 
condition or results of operations. An inability to realise the full extent of the anticipated benefits of Neste's strategy could 
have a material adverse effect on Neste's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Corporate acquisitions and divestments expose Neste to a number of risks. 
In order to implement its strategy, Neste has in the past, and may in the future, acquire and divest businesses or other assets. 
Carrying out corporate mergers, acquisitions and divestments involves risks relating to the successful implementation of a 
divestment and the ability to integrate and manage acquired businesses, systems, culture and personnel successfully. In 
addition, the cost of an acquisition may prove high and/or the anticipated synergies may not materialise. Acquired 
companies may have hidden or otherwise unidentified liabilities or risks, such as competition law liabilities, other 
compliance issues or environmental liabilities. Neste may not be able to identify attractive acquisition or merger 
opportunities or ensure the strategic fit, right valuation and effective integration of acquisitions despite its acquisition 
preparations and stakeholder engagement. This could have a material adverse effect on Neste's business, financial condition 
or results of operations. Regulation of merger or acquisition activity by competition authorities may also limit Neste's 
ability to make future acquisitions or mergers. 
Neste has also divested certain operations and assets to focus on strategic areas. Divestments may expose Neste to 
indemnity claims, and may involve additional costs due to historical and unaccounted liabilities. There can be no assurance 
that Neste will be able to divest assets in a profitable way, or that such divestments are possible on acceptable terms, or at 
all. The profitability of corporate acquisitions and divestments may differ from Neste's expectations, which could have a 
material adverse effect on Neste's business, financial condition or results of operations. 
Neste may face labour disruptions that could interfere with its operations and have a material adverse effect on Neste. 
Neste is subject to the risk of labour disputes and adverse employee relations. Neste has in the past, and could in the future, 
experience strikes or other disturbances, including political strikes, in connection with the negotiation of collective 
bargaining agreements or otherwise, including political strikes. The majority of employees of Neste are represented by 
labour unions under several collective bargaining agreements; however, not all employees of Neste represented by labour 
unions are currently bound by valid collective bargaining agreements. Furthermore, organisations collectively representing 
Neste and other employers in its industry may not be able to negotiate satisfactory collective labour agreements upon the 
expiration of existing agreements, and there could be without work stoppages, strikes or similar industrial actions in 
connection with the negotiations. Unsatisfactory terms in any collective bargaining agreements could cause Neste's 
employee costs to increase. In addition, existing labour agreements of Neste may not prevent a strike or work stoppage at 
any of its facilities in the future. Neste has experienced work stoppages in the past and political strikes in the first quarter 
of 2024 that mainly impacted Neste's customer deliveries and logistics in Finland. Any labour disputes or other adverse 
employee relations, including but not limited to strikes and work stoppages, or problems with the labour unions or collective 
bargaining agreements, could impair Neste's ability to operate its business such as distribution of its products or processing 
of feedstocks, and it could increase Neste's costs.

--- Page 19 ---
11 
 
 
Problems or delays in Neste's supply chain could result in, among other things, impaired access to raw materials at 
competitive prices, which could have a material adverse effect on Neste. 
Neste requires various renewable feedstocks and crude oil, utilities and other raw materials in order for its refineries to 
produce its refined renewable and oil end products. Neste is dependent, for a substantial portion of its operations, on 
continued access to these and other raw materials and supplies at appropriate prices. The war in Ukraine and the related 
sanctions on Russian oil products may affect Neste's access to raw materials, as discussed under "—Risks Relating to Neste's 
Operating Environment—Uncertain global economic development, a prolonged economic slowdown or recession, or 
geopolitical tensions may have a material adverse effect on Neste" above. Problems or delays in accessing sufficient 
amounts of competitively priced waste and residue feedstocks, vegetable oils, other renewable feedstocks, crude oil and 
utilities could increase the cost for Neste of raw materials and have a material adverse effect on Neste's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Neste sources waste and residue feedstocks and vegetable oils globally. Access to different waste and residue feedstocks, 
vegetable oils and other renewable feedstocks might be interrupted as a result of, among other things, natural catastrophes, 
increased competition, governmental restrictions, economic and trade sanctions, regional, political, economic or social 
instability or problems in transporting sufficient quantities of feedstock to Neste's renewable refineries. Any significant 
and extended interruptions in deliveries may have a material adverse effect on Neste's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and future prospects. 
Neste uses a wide variety of waste and residue-based raw materials to produce its renewable products and has a complex 
and multi-tiered global supply chain. In its supply chain management, Neste applies various sustainability policies and 
principles for supplier onboarding, certification and auditing, with the aim of verifying the sustainability, traceability and 
compliance performance of Neste's supply chain. Neste has implemented systematic controls for counterparty compliance 
screening and sustainability monitoring in which all potential business partners and suppliers undergo automated 
pre-screening with the aim of ensuring compliance with Neste's Supplier Code of Conduct. However, there can be no 
assurances that Neste will be successful in ensuring that all applicable laws and regulations or corporate policies in its 
supply chain are fully complied with. The risk of noncompliance could increase when entering new challenging markets. 
Should there be a failure to comply with the sustainability verification or reporting procedures in Neste's expanding 
sourcing and supply network or a major compliance failure or a loss of a key sustainability certification, it could lead to 
interruptions in Neste's operations as well as legal processes or serious reputational damage. Furthermore, Neste may face 
risks associated with the use of certain of its raw materials. For example, the use of palm oil has created reputational risk, 
as the sustainability of palm oil sourcing has given rise to public discussion and concerns from NGOs and consumers in 
recent years. Neste reduced its refinery inputs of conventional palm oil to zero at the end of 2023. In addition, biodiversity 
loss is a global concern that could affect Neste's operations and supply of raw materials, for example if a feedstock becomes 
unacceptable to stakeholders or regulatory limitations lead to lack of sufficient volumes of feedstock. Any of the foregoing 
could have a material adverse effect on Neste's business, financial condition or results of operations. 
Neste transports, stores, and handles millions of tonnes of feedstocks and end products annually and provides logistics 
services for the supply of raw materials to Neste's refineries and for the transport of refined renewable and oil products 
from its refineries to various destinations globally. Almost all transportation of feedstocks and end products, whether 
marine or inland, is outsourced to third party logistics service providers. Problems or delays in transportations or issues 
with access to transport fleet may have a material adverse effect on Neste's ability to fulfil its contractual obligations with 
its customers, access feedstocks and distribute its products, and, thereby, having possibly a material adverse effect on 
Neste's business. 
The loss of employees in key positions may have a material adverse effect on Neste. 
Maintaining Neste's competitive position requires the ability to challenge the current business models and further develop 
operations. The continued contributions of Neste's senior management, personnel and business partners are vital for the 
company's success. As the competition for talent is fierce, there is a risk that Neste will not be able to recruit, train, motivate 
and retain highly skilled management and employees with the level of experience and qualifications that are needed for 
strategy deployment and international growth initiatives upon which Neste's future prospects are dependent. If Neste cannot 
recruit, train, retain and/or motivate qualified personnel needed for its international growth, it may be unable to compete 
effectively in its current business, and the successful implementation of Neste's strategies may be limited or prevented, 
which in each case could have a material adverse effect on Neste's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
future prospects. 
Neste's operations are reliant on functioning information technology systems. Any attack targeted at individual systems 
or system infrastructure; or malfunctioning of the systems could have a material adverse impact on Neste. 
The operation of Neste's core processes is dependent on functioning information technology systems and availability of 
key data. Neste's information technology system architecture is being regularly developed to provide better support for 
operations and take advantage of digitalisation and emerging technologies. At the same time, the increasing sophistication

--- Page 20 ---
12 
 
 
of cyber-attacks and generally rising frequency of attacks targeted at oil and gas companies also poses a threat to Neste. 
The reliability of key information technology systems and partnerships are essential for continuous business operations. 
Prolonged processing disruptions or unavailability of key systems, data or information leaks, violations of data privacy 
regulations, intentional cyber-attacks targeted at Neste's operational core systems or production automation systems or any 
other malicious attempt to exploit Neste's systems or data could have a material adverse effect on Neste's business 
operations, financial condition, reputation and customer relationships. 
Neste is subject to operational risks and hazards that may have a significant impact on its operations or result in 
significant liabilities and costs. 
Neste is subject to operational risks common in the renewable fuel and oil industry, including: 
 
feedstock or refined product spills, pipeline leaks and ruptures, storage tank leaks, and accidents involving 
explosions and fires; 
 
power shortages or failures; 
 
mechanical or equipment failures; 
 
transportation interruptions and accidents; 
 
severe weather, floods and other natural disasters; and 
 
chemical spills, discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases. 
Neste's operations would be interrupted if any of the properties or facilities were to experience a major accident or were 
forced to shut down or curtail production due to unforeseen events. Any failure to maintain high levels of safety 
management could also result in harm to Neste's employees, communities near its operations as well as the environment. 
Impacts in addition to physical injury, health effects and environmental damage could include liability and remediation 
costs to employees or third parties, impairment of Neste's reputation, or inability to attract and retain skilled employees. In 
addition, government authorities could enforce the closure of Neste's operations on a temporary basis. Such incidents could 
result in delayed delivery timetables and additional costs and there can be no assurance that Neste's insurance coverage 
would adequately cover all such costs, if at all. Further, there can be no assurance that funding would be available in such 
circumstances to repair any unforeseen damage at Neste's properties and facilities. The occurrence of any of these events 
may, either directly or indirectly, have a material adverse effect on Neste's business, results of operations, financial 
condition, reputation and customer relationships. 
Maritime disasters may have a material adverse effect on Neste, including on its reputation. 
The vessels owned, leased or chartered by Neste are subject to inherent risks, including the risks of maritime disaster, 
damage to the environment and loss of or damage to cargo and property. Such events can be caused by mechanical failure, 
human error, adverse weather conditions, warfare or piracy, among other factors, in the areas where the vessels operate. 
The occurrence of any of these events may, either directly or indirectly due to, for example, negative publicity, have a 
material adverse effect on Neste's reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Neste is not insured against all potential losses and could be seriously harmed by operational catastrophes or deliberate 
sabotage which could have a material adverse impact on Neste. 
Neste's industrial assets are insured by property and business interruption insurance policies that cover customary risks, 
including damages caused by breakage. Neste's marine cargo and inland transit insurance programme covers damage 
inflicted on cargoes in transit and storage. However, Neste is not insured against all potential losses and could be seriously 
harmed by events including operational catastrophes, deliberate sabotage or catastrophic natural events. Neste could incur 
significant uninsured losses and liabilities arising from such events, including damage to Neste's reputation and a substantial 
loss of operational capacity, which may cause material replacement or repair costs and, thereby, have a material adverse 
effect on Neste's business and results of operations. 
Neste has operations and investments in certain countries are subject to greater political, economic and social 
uncertainties than countries with more developed institutional structures, which could have a material adverse impact 
on Neste. 
Neste has operations and investments in certain countries that are subject to greater political, economic and social 
uncertainties than countries with more developed institutional structures, and the risk of loss resulting from changes in law 
or the interpretation thereof, economic and social upheaval and other factors may be substantial. Among the more 
significant risks of operating and investing in these countries are those arising from foreign exchange restrictions, including 
the enforcement of existing restrictions and the potential establishment of new restrictions. These could effectively prevent

--- Page 21 ---
13 
 
 
Neste from repatriating profits or liquidating assets and withdrawing from one or more of these countries, and changes in 
tax regulations or enforcement mechanisms, which could reduce substantially or eliminate any revenues derived from 
operations in these countries and significantly reduce the value of assets related to such operations. If one or more of the 
above risks materialise, it could, individually or in aggregate, have a material adverse effect on Neste's business, financial 
condition, results of operations, reputation and future prospects. 
Neste has interests in, among other things, joint operations and joint ventures, which expose Neste to certain additional 
risks that are customary for joint projects and which could have a material adverse impact on Neste. 
Neste has, among others, a 50 per cent. ownership interest in Martinez Renewables, a 50/50 joint operation for the 
production of renewable diesel with Marathon and a 40 per cent. ownership interest in Kilpilahti Power Plant Ltd, which 
owns a power plant in Porvoo, Finland. In addition, Neste holds a minority stake in Alterra Energy LLC, an innovative 
chemical recycling technology company, and has made other minority investments in technology and other companies to 
support Neste's strategy execution. Neste may continue to invest in or enter into joint ventures and joint operations. Joint 
ventures and operations often involve complex risk allocation, decision-making processes and indemnification 
arrangements. In certain cases, Neste may have less control over such activities and the related costs and risks than it would 
have if it had full operational control. Neste's joint venture or operation partners may have economic or business interests 
or objectives that are inconsistent with, or opposed to, those of Neste, and may exercise veto rights to block certain key 
decisions or actions that Neste believes are in its or the joint venture's, joint operation's or associate's best interests, or take 
actions contrary to Neste's instructions, requests, policies or business objectives. If there is any disagreement with a joint 
venture or operation partner regarding the functioning of the relevant joint venture or operation, there can be no assurance 
that Neste will be able to resolve it in a manner that will be in its best interests. 
Risks Relating to Neste's Regulatory Environment 
The implementation of, and changes in, biofuel legislation and regulation in the EU, the United States and other key 
market areas may influence the speed at which the demand for these fuels develops and new raw material sources are 
taken into use. This may have a material adverse effect on Neste. 
Neste's refining operations and products are subject to extensive regulation, including environmental, health and safety and 
sustainability. Neste has benefited from increased support for biofuels and renewable fuels, for example requirements that 
relate to renewable content in diesel and gasoline. Changes in regulation or the interpretation thereof, especially in the EU 
and the United States, influence the speed at which the demand for renewable products develops, and the speed at which 
new raw materials sources are developed and taken into commercial use. 
For renewable products, a significant source of uncertainty is fragmented regulation around acceptability and use of waste 
and residue feedstock. For example, the European Commission's so called 'Fit for 55 package' (a set of proposals to revise 
and update EU legislation with the aim of bringing the EUs climate and energy legislation in line with its target to reduce 
emissions by at least 55 per cent. by 2030) and related revisions to the Renewable Energy Directive and other policies 
included in the package are expected to specify the ambition level for the decarbonisation of transport, the role of biofuels 
as well as the applicable eligibility criteria for feedstocks, their categorisation and GHG reduction values. Changes to the 
eligibility criteria could adversely affect Neste's business and results of operations. Demand for and margins of Neste's 
products could also be adversely affected by regulatory changes that favour alternatives to Neste's products, for example 
EU CO2 emissions standards for road transportation. 
Demand for and prices of renewable products are also affected by regulatory incentives, such as biofuel mandates or 
mandatory oil product specifications for refined oil and renewable products in Neste's markets, such as the EU Fuel Quality 
Directive. Biofuel mandates could be decreased or repealed for various reasons, including in response to high energy prices 
or due to political shifts, which could decrease demand for Neste's renewable products. In the United States, a reduction in 
policy incentives for the production or sale of biofuels at Federal as well as at State levels in the form of RINs and California 
LCFS could adversely impact Neste's business. Furthermore, the development of domestic preference / protectionism of 
feedstocks and tax credits such as Blender Tax Credits (BTC) for road biofuels and SAF transitioning to a Clean Fuels 
Production Credit (CFPC) could similarly have a material adverse effect on Neste's business. 
Any unfavourable legislative developments relating to Neste's feedstocks, end products or operations could adversely affect 
the supply and prices of Neste's feedstocks and end products and, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on Neste's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
It is critical that Neste stays at all times compliant with various regulatory requirements related to feedstock eligibility and 
product characteristics. Non-compliance with applicable regulation or external requirements could have both adverse 
financial and reputational impact on Neste.

--- Page 22 ---
14 
 
 
Legal or regulatory proceedings or claims could have a material adverse effect on Neste. 
Neste has extensive international operations and is involved in, or a subject of, a number of legal and regulatory proceedings 
and claims relating to its operations. It is inherently difficult to predict the outcome of legal, regulatory and other adversarial 
proceedings or claims. Although there are currently no proceedings or claims that, in Neste's management's opinion, would 
be likely to have a material effect on Neste's financial position, there can be no assurance as to the outcome of any such 
proceedings or claims, whether existing or arising in the future. See also "Certain Financial and Other Information—Legal 
and Arbitration Proceedings". Legal, regulatory and other adversarial proceedings or any unfavourable judgement against 
Neste in relation to legal or regulatory proceedings or claims or settlement could impose substantial costs, reputation 
damage or other similar materially adverse effects on Neste. 
Failure to obtain or maintain necessary permits and authorisations could incur substantial costs or disruptions in 
Neste's business. 
Neste's operations require numerous permits and authorisations under various laws and regulations. For example, Neste's 
fossil oil refineries, renewable products refineries and terminals have been granted environmental permits under such laws 
and regulations. These and other authorisations and permits are subject to revocation, renewal or modification and can 
require operational changes, which may involve significant costs, to limit impacts or potential impacts on the environment 
and/or health and safety. A violation of these authorisation or permit conditions or other legal or regulatory requirements 
could result in substantial fines, criminal sanctions, permit revocations, injunctions and/or temporary or permanent 
shutdowns of the affected operations. 
Compliance with, and changes in, environmental laws may have a material adverse effect on Neste. 
Neste's operations and products are subject to extensive environmental and chemicals controls and consumer protection 
laws and regulations adopted by the EU and other jurisdictions in which Neste operates. The nature of certain of Neste's 
businesses exposes Neste to the risks of environmental costs and liabilities arising from the manufacture, use, storage, 
disposal and maritime and inland transport and sale of materials that may be considered to be contaminants when released 
into the environment. Neste's products are classified as chemicals, containing substances of concern (SOC) in the EU and 
other jurisdictions. Environmental liabilities may also arise through the acquisition, ownership or operation of properties 
or businesses. 
As other companies operating in the oil refining industry, Neste is exposed to an inherent risk of adverse environmental 
impact from emissions to air, water and soil. Neste's operations may also be subject to unexpected leaks, explosions and 
other chemical hazards. These could have a material adverse effect on Neste's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and future prospects. 
As regulations develop, Neste may become subject to increasingly stringent environmental and other regulatory 
requirements. The new set of the EU's Best Available Techniques (BAT) requirements for mineral oil refineries and other 
BAT requirements associated with Neste's operations, including renewable refineries, in the EU are expected to be 
introduced in the coming years. The requirements may call for significant additional investments at oil refineries, including 
Neste's refineries. New environmental initiatives, including the EU Commission proposal released in 2022 for purposes to 
amend the Industrial Emissions Directive that entered into force in August 2024, could result in significant additional costs 
for Neste or require Neste to reduce or terminate certain of its operations, which may, in turn, have a material adverse effect 
on Neste's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Risks Relating to Neste's Financing 
Currency exchange rate fluctuations may have a material adverse effect on Neste. 
Neste is exposed to foreign exchange risks due to the fact that its operating expenses, except for the procurement of crude 
oil, the bulk of waste and residue feedstocks, vegetable oils and other feedstocks as well as time-chartering costs of its 
tanker fleet, are mainly recorded in euro, whereas most of Neste's sales are denominated in U.S. dollars. If the value of the 
currency in which Neste incurs its costs (i.e., the euro) strengthens relative to the value of the currency in which it sells its 
products (i.e., the U.S. dollar), it may have a material adverse effect on Neste's results of operations. 
Neste reports its financial results in euro. Therefore, Neste also faces a currency translation risk to the extent that the assets, 
liabilities, revenues and expenses of its subsidiaries, joint ventures, joint operations and associated companies are 
denominated in currencies other than the euro. In order to prepare its financial statements, Neste must translate the values 
of those assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses into euro at the applicable exchange rates. Consequently, increases and 
decreases in the value of the euro against other currencies will affect the value of these items in the consolidated financial 
statements, even if their value has not changed in their original currency. 
Neste is also exposed to longer-term economic exposures with respect to foreign exchange rates. While Neste aims to limit 
the effect of changes in foreign exchange rates by hedging its currency risks in contracted and forecasted cash flows and

--- Page 23 ---
15 
 
 
balance sheet exposures, there can be no assurance that any such measures will be effective. Changes in exchange rate 
levels for an extended period may have a material adverse effect on the competitive position of Neste relative to its 
competitors. 
Neste is exposed to uncertainty in the global financial markets, which may have a material adverse effect on the 
availability of financing. 
Whilst Neste's principal source of liquidity is expected to be cash generated from operations, Neste may need to raise 
financing from time to time. If there is an extended period of constraint in the capital or credit markets, at a time when cash 
flows from Neste's business operations may be under pressure or additional funds may be required, this may impact Neste's 
ability to fund its operations or required future investments, with a consequent negative effect on its business. Neste seeks 
to reduce its liquidity and refinancing risks by diversifying both the sources as well as the maturity profile of its borrowings 
and by maintaining access to unutilised, committed credit facilities at all times and by maintaining a strong investment-
grade issuer credit rating. Inability to raise financing could result in delays or reduction or termination of certain operations 
and to negative impacts on the pursuit of Neste's strategy, which may, in turn, have a material adverse effect on Neste's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Counterparty credit and compliance risk could have a material adverse effect on Neste. 
Counterparty credit and compliance risk arises from various contractual relationships with business partners, for example 
in the areas of sales, supply and financing. Counterparty credit risk is linked to the potential failure of a counterparty to 
meet Neste's requirements or fulfil the contractual obligations (for example, payments). Risk magnitude is dependent on 
the size of the exposure concerned and counterparty's creditworthiness, which is assessed systematically both during 
onboarding and during the relationship. Counterparty compliance risk relates primarily to compliance with laws and 
regulations concerning, for example, sanctions and embargos, anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and anti-corruption. The 
extent of counterparty risk has increased along the continued diversification of Neste's supply base and customer segments. 
In order to manage the risk, Neste has implemented systematic controls for counterparty screening and monitoring; 
however, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective. Furthermore, Neste's growth strategy has 
introduced new counterparties and increased complexity in its business relationships, which could increase Neste's 
counterparty credit and compliance risk. Counterparty credit and compliance risk could, if it materialises, have a material 
adverse effect on Neste's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Any downgrade in Neste's credit rating could adversely affect the availability of new financing and increase Neste's 
cost of capital. 
On 11 December 2023, Moody's affirmed Neste's A3 long-term issuer rating. If this rating were to be significantly 
downgraded by Moody's, especially if Neste's rating was downgraded to below investment grade, Neste's cost of capital 
could increase. Any such downgrade could also negatively affect Neste's business and access to financing. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks Related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which contain particular 
risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features which may occur in relation 
to any Notes: 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option prior to maturity, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a 
similar effective return.  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect 
to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be 
redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At 
those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high 
as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
In addition, the Issuer may redeem all of the Notes if it becomes obliged to pay additional amounts as described in 
Condition 8 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such relevant laws or regulations. If the Issuer calls and redeems the Notes in such 
circumstances, Noteholders may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in securities offering a comparable yield.

--- Page 24 ---
16 
 
 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, this may 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest basis, may 
affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower 
interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating 
Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same 
reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes 
convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could 
affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes.  
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates for Floating 
Rate Notes. 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes identifies that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will 
be determined by reference to SOFR, the Rate of Interest will be determined on the basis of the relevant reference rate (as 
further described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). Such risk-free rates are based on 'overnight rates' and differ 
from interbank offered rates, such as EURIBOR and STIBOR, in a number of material respects. These include (without 
limitation) that such rates are backwards-looking, risk-free overnight rates in most cases, calculated on a compound or 
weighted average bases, whereas inter-bank rates are expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and 
include a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that overnight or risk-free rates 
may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for Notes issued under the Programme compared to interbank 
offered rates. Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes referencing any risk-free rates as reference rates for 
Eurobonds should be aware that the market is subject to continued change and development, both in terms of the substance 
of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds 
referencing such risk-free rates. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt risk-free rates in a way that differs significantly from those set out in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes issued under the Programme. In addition, the methodology for determining any 
overnight rate index by reference to which the Rate of Interest in respect of certain Notes may be calculated could change 
during the life of any Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer may in the future issue Notes referencing SOFR that differ materially 
in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SOFR-referenced Notes issued by it under the 
Programme. The continued development of risk-free rates as interest reference rates for the Eurobond markets and the 
market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise 
adversely affect the market price of any such Notes issued under the Programme from time to time. 
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which 
reference such risk-free rates to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some 
investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could 
adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes 
referencing backwards-looking rates become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 10 (Events 
of Default and Enforcement), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final 
Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall only be determined by reference to a shortened period ending 
immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially when 
compared with the application and adoption of the same risk-free rates for the same currencies in other markets, such as 
the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of risk-free 
rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in 
connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
The administrator of SOFR or any related indices may make changes that could change the value of SOFR or any 
related index, or discontinue SOFR or any related index. 
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or its successors) as administrator SOFR (and the SOFR Compounded Index) 
may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including 
changes related to the method by which such risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions 
used to calculate SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SOFR or any related indices. In addition, the administrator 
may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SOFR or any related index (in which case a fallback 
method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the 
interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate. 
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such Notes.

--- Page 25 ---
17 
 
 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to changes in 
market interest rates. 
The market value of any specific Series of Notes issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for more 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Usually, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Any such price 
volatility may have an adverse effect on the market value of any specific Series of Notes issued at a substantial discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such 
"benchmarks". 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR and STIBOR) are the subject of 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark.   
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators 
that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other 
things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the 
UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority (the FCA) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on 
any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are 
changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark.  
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, 
could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying 
with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk-free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products (including bonds) 
referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in 
relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 
11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events 
and fallback rates. On 4 December 2023, the working group issued its final statement, announcing completion of its 
mandate. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes 
or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent 
(in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark.  
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event or Benchmark Transition Event, as applicable, may adversely affect the return 
on and the market value of Floating Rate Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event or 
a Benchmark Transition Event, as applicable (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions) occurs in respect of the Original 
Reference Rate for the relevant series of Notes, including (without limitation) if an inter-bank offered rate (such as 
EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service)) becomes unavailable. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by 
reference to a Successor Rate, an Alternative Rate or a Benchmark Replacement (each as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions), together with the application of an Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (each as

--- Page 26 ---
18 
 
 
defined in the Terms and Conditions) (which could be positive or negative or zero) and may include amendments to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the new benchmark, all as determined by an 
Independent Adviser acting in good faith and as more fully described at Condition 5.2(f). It is possible that the adoption of 
a Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Benchmark Replacement, including any Adjustment Spread or Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment, may result in any Notes linked to or referencing an Original Reference Rate performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were 
to continue to apply in its current form. There is also a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as expected 
or intended at the relevant time.  
Furthermore, in certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the rate of interest for a 
particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result 
in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate for Floating Rate Notes which was observed on the Relevant 
Screen Page applied in the previous period when the Original Reference Rate was available (as further described in 
Condition 5.2 (Interest – Interest on Floating Rate Notes)). 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Floating Rate Notes. 
Moreover, any of the foregoing or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate 
could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could have an adverse effect 
on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Notes. Investors should consider these matters when making 
their investment decision with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
Risks Related to the Notes Generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of 
all investors. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or by 
way of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or 
to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind 
all Noteholders including (i) Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did 
not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and (ii) those Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. 
A change in the controlling ownership of the Issuer could result in the requirement for the Issuer to repay under the 
terms of its existing financing agreements and Notes issued under the Programme and adversely affect its ability to 
secure subsequent refinancing. 
The terms and conditions of the Issuer's EUR 500,000,000 0.750 per cent. Notes due 2028 (issued in March 2021, the 
Existing Notes) provide that holders of the Existing Notes are entitled to early redemption if a person (other than the State 
of Finland) or a group of persons acting together (i) acquire the beneficial ownership (directly or indirectly) of more than 
50 per cent. of the voting share capital or the issued share capital of the Issuer or (ii) become capable of appointing the 
majority of the board of directors of the Issuer. For Notes issued under the Programme, there is a similar provision set out 
at Condition 7.6 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, which provides for a change of control where one or more 
persons acting together acquire shares representing more than 50 per cent. of the voting capital in the Issuer and includes 
the added requirement for a downgrade in the Issuer's credit rating following the relevant change of control before 
Noteholders are entitled to early redemption. Given this difference in the change of control event and the additional credit 
rating downgrade requirement, there is a risk to Noteholders that holders of the Existing Notes may exercise their right to 
repayment ahead of Noteholders in the event that the change of control under the Programme is not triggered or there has 
not been a credit rating downgrade following a change in controlling ownership of the Issuer. This could result in the claim 
for repayment by Noteholders on a subsequent winding up of the Issuer being prejudiced as other unsecured holders of the 
Existing Notes may have been repaid prior to the Noteholders' claim, thereby reducing the assets available to the Issuer to 
satisfy such claim by the Noteholders. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are 
based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any 
possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any 
such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it.

--- Page 27 ---
19 
 
 
A judgment entered against the Issuer in English court may not be recognised or enforceable in Finland. 
The Issuer has submitted to the jurisdiction of the courts of England in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the UK and Finland have entered into the Hague Convention of 30 June 2005 on Choice of 
Court Agreements, however due to the non-exclusivity of the jurisdiction of English courts under the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, the Hague Convention is not applicable. As a result, a final judgment in civil or commercial matters relating 
to the Notes obtained in the courts of England against the Issuer may, in principle, neither be recognised nor enforceable 
in Finland. However, if a Noteholder brings a new action in a competent court in Finland, the final judgment rendered in 
an English court may be submitted to the Finnish court, but may only be regarded as evidence of the outcome of the dispute 
to which such judgment relates, and the Finnish court has full discretion to rehear the dispute ab initio.  
On 12 January 2024, the UK signed the Hague Convention of 2 July 2019 on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign 
Judgments in Civil or Commercial Matters (Hague 2019), which will come into force 12 months after ratification by the 
UK. Hague 2019 provides for the mutual enforcement of judgments between the UK and the other contracting states, 
including EU member states, in proceedings started after Hague 2019 comes into force in the UK.  Asymmetric and non-
exclusive jurisdiction clauses will be covered by Hague 2019, and will apply to judgments given in proceedings initiated 
after Hague 2019 comes into effect regardless of when the agreement was made. 
Until the entry into force in the UK of Hague 2019, any retrial on a judgment's merits could significantly delay or prevent 
the enforcement by Noteholders of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes.  
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and may be 
adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus one or 
more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess 
of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination.  In such 
a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding 
without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its 
holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount 
which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant 
time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts 
to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination that 
is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds with a specific use of proceeds may not meet investor expectations or requirements. 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to apply an 
amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for the financing or refinancing of assets and/or 
projects which fall within the 'Eligible Assets and Projects' categories set out in the Issuer's Framework. Prospective 
investors should have regard to the information in the applicable Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must 
determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with 
any other investigation such investor deems necessary.   
In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any 
Eligible Assets and Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to 
comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social 
impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant Eligible Assets and Projects). Furthermore, it should 
be noted that the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, or market consensus as to what constitutes or may be 
classified as, a "green" or "sustainable" or an equivalently labelled project or investment that may finance such project is 
evolving. On 10 May 2023, the Council of the European Union formally adopted the consolidated text of the Regulation 
of the European Parliament and of the Council on European Green Bonds (the EU Green Bond Regulation) which, among 
other things, established a voluntary label for European green bonds and lays down uniform requirements for issuers that 
wish to use the designation European Green Bond or 'EuGB' label and the conditions for external review of bonds using 
such label. It also creates an alternative voluntary approach to sustainability disclosures for bonds not using the label but 
marketed as environmentally sustainable or sustainability-linked bonds. The EU Green Bond Regulation entered into force 
on 20 December 2023, and is expected to be applicable from 21 December 2024. Thus, whilst progress is being made 
towards the development of a clear definition, consensus or label as to what constitutes a "green", "sustainable" or other

--- Page 28 ---
20 
 
 
equivalently labelled bond, there can be no assurance that any Green Bonds or any Eligible Assets and Projects will comply 
with such definition, market consensus or label.  
In addition, no assurance can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person to investors that any 
Green Bonds will comply with any future standards or requirements regarding any "green", "sustainable", "social", 
"environmental", or similar performance objectives (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called EU Taxonomy) including the supplemental delegated 
regulations related thereto, the EU Green Bond Regulation, Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability-related 
disclosures in the financial services sector and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in 
the UK) and, accordingly, the status of any Notes as being "green", "social", "environmental", "sustainable" (or equivalent) 
could be withdrawn at any time. Any Green Bonds issued under the Programme will not be compliant with the EU Green 
Bond Regulation and are only intended to comply with the requirements and processes in the Framework. It is not clear if 
the establishment of the 'EuGB' label and the optional disclosures regime for bonds issued as "environmentally sustainable" 
under the European Green Bond Regulation could have an impact on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of 
proceeds bonds that do not comply with the requirements of the 'EuGB' label or the optional disclosures regime, such as 
the Green Bonds issued under this Programme. It could result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise 
affect the market price of any Green Bonds issued under this Programme that do not comply with those standards proposed 
under the European Green Bond Regulation.  
Whilst it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Notes so specified for Eligible 
Assets and Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final Terms, there is no contractual 
obligation to do so.  There can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible 
Assets and Projects will be available or capable of being implemented in, or substantially in, such manner and/or in 
accordance with any timeframe anticipated and, accordingly, that such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for 
such Eligible Assets and Projects as intended.  Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Assets and Projects will 
be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcomes (environmental, social or otherwise) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer.  
Any event or failure to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Assets and Projects 
as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion, report or certification (as discussed in "—No assurance of suitability 
or reliability of any Second Party Opinion or any other opinion, report or certification of any third party relating to any 
Green Bonds" below) or any such opinion, report or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in 
part with any matters for which such opinion, report or certification is opining, reporting or certifying on and/or any such 
Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to 
finance Eligible Assets and Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose however no such event will constitute an Event of Default or breach 
of contract with respect to any of the Notes issued as Green Bonds or otherwise result in the Notes being redeemed prior 
to their maturity date.  
The Issuer does not undertake to ensure that there are at any time sufficient Eligible Assets and Projects to allow for 
allocation of a sum equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such Green Bonds in full.  
Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Framework and the relevant information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser 
regarding its purchase of any Green Bonds before deciding to invest. The Framework may be subject to review and change 
and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time (though the Issuer is under no 
obligation to do so) and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus.  The 
Framework does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any Second Party Opinion or any other opinion, report or certification of 
any third party relating to any Green Bonds. 
The Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations is a statement of 
opinion, not a statement of fact. No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose 
whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be 
made available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Assets and Projects to fulfil 
any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria.  
For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion, report or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in 
and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion, report or certification is not intended to address any credit, 
market or other aspects of any investment in any Note, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor 
preference or suitability of any security or any other factors that may affect the value of the Notes and is not, nor should be 
deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold

--- Page 29 ---
21 
 
 
any such Notes. Any such opinion, report or certification is only current as of the date that such opinion, report or 
certification was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, 
report or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, report or certification 
for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the Second 
Party Opinion and any other such opinion, report or certification may change at any time and the Second Party Opinion 
may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. Any withdrawal of any such opinion or certification 
may have a material adverse effect on the value of any Green Bonds in respect of which such opinion or certification is 
given and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used 
for a particular purpose. Currently, the providers of such opinions, reports and certifications are not subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. Investors in such Notes shall have no recourse against the Issuer, the Arranger or 
the Dealers or the provider of any such opinion, report or certification for its contents. 
No assurance that Green Bonds will be admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" (or 
similar) segment of any stock exchange or market, or that any admission obtained will be maintained. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", "sustainable" 
or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no 
representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers or any other person that such listing 
or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards 
any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any 
present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects 
or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Assets and Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for 
any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers or any other person that any 
such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
If any of the risks outlined in this risk factor materialise this may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes 
and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets (which consequences 
may include the need to sell the Notes as a result of the Notes not falling within the investor's investment criteria or 
mandate). 
Green Bonds are not linked to the performance of the Eligible Assets and Projects, do not benefit from any arrangements 
to enhance the performance of the Notes or any contractual rights derived solely from the intended use of proceeds of 
such Notes. 
Whilst it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Notes so specified for Eligible 
Assets and Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final Terms, there can be no assurance 
that the relevant intended project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Assets and Projects will be capable 
of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly 
such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Assets and Projects. Nor can there be any assurance 
that such Eligible Assets and Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome 
(whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure 
by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes, or give the Noteholders any right to require redemption 
of its Notes. 
The performance of the Green Bonds is not linked to the performance of the relevant Eligible Assets and Projects or the 
performance of the Issuer in respect of any environmental or similar targets. There will be no segregation of assets and 
liabilities in respect of the Green Bonds and the Eligible Assets and Projects. Consequently, neither payments of principal 
and/or interest on the Green Bonds nor any rights of Noteholders shall depend on the performance of the relevant Eligible 
Assets and Projects or the performance of the Issuer in respect of any such environmental or similar targets. Holders of any 
Green Bonds shall have no preferential rights or priority against the assets of any Eligible Assets and Projects nor benefit 
from any arrangements to enhance the performance of the Notes. 
Risks Related to the Market Generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and 
credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would adversely 
affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the Notes does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. If a Tranche of Notes is issued to a single investor or a limited number of investors, this

--- Page 30 ---
22 
 
 
may result in an even more illiquid or volatile market in such Notes. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes 
easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price 
volatility than conventional debt securities. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be exposed to movements 
in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In addition, the imposition of exchange controls in 
relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to 
currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly 
change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the 
risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes 
and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely 
affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors 
may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the rate paid on 
the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment in those 
Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued 
by third country credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating 
agency or the relevant third country credit rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on 
its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating 
agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.   
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK regulated 
investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, 
third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third 
country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, 
to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or 
suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the 
UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and 
their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out 
on the cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 31 ---
23 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus:  
(a) 
The Issuer's unaudited consolidated financial statements as at, and for the six months ended 30 June 2024, 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as set out on the following pages of Neste's "Half-Year Financial Report January 
– June 2024" (the 2024 Half-Year Report):  
President and CEO Matti Lehmus, except for the paragraphs titled "Market Outlook for 2024", 
"Guidance for 2024 Specified" and "Additional Information" on page 2 
Pages 1 – 2 
Key Figures 
Page 4 
The Group's Second-Quarter 2024 Results 
Page 5 
The Group's January–June 2024 Results 
Page 5 
Segment Reviews 
Pages 8 – 13 
Shares, Share Trading, and Ownership 
Page 13 
Personnel 
Page 13 
Financial Statements Summary and Notes to The Financial Statements 
Pages 18 – 32 
This document is available for viewing on the following website: 
https://www.neste.com/files/pdf/E92573313A8DAF0A-wkr0006.pdf 
(b) 
The Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto) 
extracted from the Issuer's annual report in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2023 (the 2023 
Annual Report) as set out on the following pages of the 2023 Annual Report: 
Consolidated Statement of Income  
Page 178 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 178 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
Page 179 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement  
Page 180 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 181 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  
Pages 182 – 236 
Parent Company Income Statement 
Page 237 
Parent Company Balance Sheet 
Page 237 
Parent Company Cash Flow Statement 
Page 238 
Notes to the Parent Company Financial Statements  
Pages 239 – 257 
Auditor's Report 
Pages 259 – 262 
This document is available for viewing on the following website: 
https://www.neste.com/files/pdf/5pSrq2XvklFNL6GU1cPFNY-Neste_Annual_Report_2023.pdf 
(c) 
The Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors' report thereon and notes thereto) 
extracted from the Issuer's annual report in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (the 2022 
Annual Report) as set out on the following pages of the 2022 Annual Report: 
Consolidated Statement of Income  
Page 178 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 178

--- Page 32 ---
24 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
Page 179 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement  
Page 180 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 181 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  
Pages 182 – 239 
Parent Company Income Statement 
Page 240 
Parent Company Balance Sheet 
Page 240 
Parent Company Cash Flow Statement 
Page 241 
Notes to the Parent Company Financial Statements  
Pages 242 – 256 
Auditor's Report 
Pages 258 – 261 
This document is available for viewing on the following website: 
www.neste.com/sites/neste.com/files/release_attachments/wkr0006_5.pdf   
(d) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 6 March 2023, pages 38 – 
72 (inclusive), prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. This document is available for viewing 
on the following website: 
www.neste.com/files/pdf/11N24WHWMh6cJ7bRnEWD3l-
neste_emtn_programme_establishment_2023_base_prospectus.pdf 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by the Central 
Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement 
(or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document 
which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as 
so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
25 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or registered form, without 
interest coupons attached. Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global note (a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a Permanent 
Bearer Global Note and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a Bearer Global Note) which, in either 
case, will: 
(a) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the 
Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, 
Luxembourg); and 
(b) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.  
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will also 
indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  
Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant 
Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against 
presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in 
NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests 
in the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, 
as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) 
to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, interests in 
such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein for (interests 
in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series against certification of beneficial ownership as described above 
unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to 
collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, 
exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note is improperly withheld 
or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Bearer 
Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any requirement for 
certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in 
whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in 
Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement)) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that 
both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than 
by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact 
done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax 
consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive 
form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event 
occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer 
may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 
45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent.

--- Page 34 ---
26 
 
 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) with an original maturity 
of more than one year, and interest coupons and talons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN 
SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct any loss 
on Bearer Notes or interest coupons or talons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of any gain on 
any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer Notes or interest coupons or talons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and procedures 
for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a Registered Global 
Note).  
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Registered Global Notes are to be held 
under the new safe-keeping structure (the NSS), a common safekeeper, as the case may be for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for the Common Depositary of, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Persons 
holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the 
circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. Where the 
Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under the NSS, the applicable Final Terms 
will indicate whether or not such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life as such recognition depends upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for a Registered Global Note held under the NSS 
will either by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.  
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the absence of 
provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 6.4 (Payments – Payments 
in respect of Registered Notes)) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of the Issuer, any Paying 
Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or 
deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising 
or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, in the absence 
of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record Date (as defined in 
Condition 6.4 (Payments – Payments in respect of Registered Notes)) immediately preceding the due date for payment in 
the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive 
Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these 
purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) in the case of Notes 
registered in the name of a nominee for a Common Depositary or a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is available or 
(iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes 
represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder 
of an interest in such Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the 
Registrar. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance 
with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable.

--- Page 35 ---
27 
 
 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Principal Paying Agent 
shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing 
Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned 
a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of 
the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the 
expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes 
of such Tranche.   
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to 
include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement). In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any 
part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in 
full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then from 8.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such day holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of 
account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the 
Deed of Covenant) dated 6 March 2023 and executed by the Issuer.  
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, in which event, a new Base Prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement 
reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
28 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined 
in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]/[EUWA] (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
[distributor]/[person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor)] should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to 
sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from 
time to time (the SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP 
Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of 
the SFA) that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products]/[capital markets products other than prescribed capital 
markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).]1 
 
1 Delete where the Notes are not offered to Singapore investors. Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product 
classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 37 ---
29 
 
 
[Date] 
Neste Corporation 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 5493009GY1X8GQ66AM14 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] [Green Bonds] 
under the €2,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the Notes (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 12 September 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and 
[date]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base 
Prospectus). [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information.]2 The 
Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext 
Dublin) at www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under an 
Base Prospectus with an earlier date.]  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the Notes (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 6 March 2023 [and the supplement to it dated [date] [and [date]]] which 
are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 12 September 2024. This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 12 September 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus) including the Conditions incorporated 
by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published 
on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) at 
www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should remain as set 
out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final 
Terms.]  
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may need to be 
£100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1. 
(a) 
Issuer:  
Neste Corporation 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date/the date 
that is 40 days after the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 25 below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable]  
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[     ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[     ] 
 
2 Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic 
Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 38 ---
30 
 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[     ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[     ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(Note – where Bearer multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the following sample 
wording should be followed: 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].")) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest on Notes in global 
form see Conditions): 
[     ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.)  
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date:
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant 
for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis:
[[     ] per cent. Fixed Rate]
 
[SOFR][[[     ] 
month 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR]] 
+/- 
[     ] per cent. Floating Rate]
[Zero coupon]
 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16] below) 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and 
identify there][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options:
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Issuer Par Call] 
[Investor Put]
 
[Change of Control Put] 
[Clean-Up Call]
 
[(see paragraph(s) [18]/[19]/[20]/[21]/[22] below)] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
(b)  
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[     ] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation 
is required for the particular tranche of Notes)

--- Page 39 ---
31 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) (and in relation 
to Notes in global form see Conditions): 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount] 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) (and in relation to 
Notes in global form see Conditions): 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]][Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
(f)
Determination Date(s):
[[     ] in each year][Not Applicable]
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA). In such a case, insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon) 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[     ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not subject 
to adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in (b) below 
is specified to be Not Applicable]  
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention][Not 
Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[     ] 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate 
of Interest and Interest Amount: 
[     ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[Compounded Daily SOFR] 
[Weighted Average SOFR] 
[     ] month [EURIBOR/STIBOR] 
 
Term Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Overnight Rate 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant Number: 
[[5 / [     ]] [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days]/[Not Applicable] 
(If 'Index Determination' is 'Not Applicable', delete 
'Relevant Number' and complete the remaining bullets 
below)

--- Page 40 ---
32 
 
 
(If 'Index Determination' is 'Applicable', insert number of 
days (expected to be five or greater) as the Relevant 
Number, and the remaining bullets below will each be 'Not 
Applicable') 
 
D: 
[360/365/[     ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [U.S. Government Securities Business Days] 
[TARGET Business Days] [[City] Banking Days] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
Observation 
Shift Period: 
[5 / [     ] [U.S. Government Securities Business Days] 
[TARGET Business Days] [[City] Banking Days] [Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 relevant business/banking days 
should be specified for the Lag Period or Observation Shift 
Period, unless otherwise agreed with the Calculation 
Agent) 
 
Interest Determination Date(s):
[     ] 
 
(The second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR and 
second Stockholm business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if STIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page:
[     ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend 
the fallback provisions appropriately)  
(f) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)]  
(g) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][     ] per cent. per annum 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(j)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts:
[30/360] 
[Actual/360]
 
[Actual/365]

--- Page 41 ---
33 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Notice periods for Condition 7.2: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
18. 
Issuer Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount][Early Redemption Amount 
calculated in accordance with Condition 7.8(b)][Spens 
Amount][Make-whole Amount] 
(A) 
Reference Bond 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(B) 
Redemption Margin 
[     ] 
(C) 
Quotation Time 
[     ] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(d)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [     ] days
Maximum period: [     ] days
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
19. 
Issuer Par Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Par Call Period: 
From (and including) [     ] (the Par Call Period 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date 
(b) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
20. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount][Early Redemption Amount 
calculated in accordance with Condition 7.8(b)]

--- Page 42 ---
34 
 
 
(c) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system business 
days' notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
21. 
Change of Control Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Change of Control Redemption Amount: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount][Early Redemption Amount 
calculated in accordance with Condition 7.8(b)] 
(b) 
Minimum Percentage: 
[     ] per cent.3 
22. 
Clean-Up Call:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount][Early Redemption Amount 
calculated in accordance with Condition 7.8(b)] 
(b) 
Minimum Percentage: 
[     ] per cent.4 
(c) 
Notice periods:  
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons or on event of default: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount][Condition 7.8 applies] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer Notes: [Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except 
to a clearing system, a depository or other institution for the 
purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 
of the Belgian Law of 14 December 20055] 
 
3 Minimum percentage threshold amount of the aggregate principal amount of Notes which must have been redeemed before the sweep-up can be 
triggered. 
4 Minimum percentage threshold amount of the aggregate principal amount of Notes which must have been redeemed before the sweep-up can be 
triggered. 
5 Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 43 ---
35 
 
 
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be represented on 
issue by a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes should not be expressed to be applicable if 
the Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 
includes language substantially to the following effect: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000].".)] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg][a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
(c) 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes][No] 
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details]
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment and 
not the end dates of Interest Periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-paragraph 
15(c) relates) 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. [The Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify 
source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Neste Corporation as Issuer: 
 
By:  ............................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 44 ---
36 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market of Euronext Dublin and listing on the Official List 
of Euronext Dublin with effect from [     ].] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin and listing on the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin with effect from [     ].]  
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[     ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[have not been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated]: 
 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies) and associated defined 
terms].  
 
[Each of ][defined terms] is established in the [EEA] and 
is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the CRA Regulation)]  
[Each of ][defined terms] is established in the United 
Kingdom and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of [the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018]/[the EUWA] (the UK CRA Regulation)] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Manager(s)/Dealer(s)] and [its/their] affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]

--- Page 45 ---
37 
 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus.] [The 
Notes are intended to be issued as Green Bonds, [further 
particulars to be provided].] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[         ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes Only) 
Indication of yield: 
[     ] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[See/[[include code]6, as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[See/[[include code] 7, as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[     ] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper] [include this text for Registered Notes which 
are to be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper][include this text for 
 
6 The actual code should only be included where the issuer is comfortable that it is correct. 
7 The actual code should only be included where the issuer is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 46 ---
38 
 
 
Registered Notes]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products 
or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products 
or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, "Applicable" should 
be specified.) 
(viii) 
Singapore 
Sales 
to 
Institutional 
Investors and Accredited Investors only: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(Include this line item where Notes are offered into 
Singapore. Indicate “Applicable” if Notes are offered to 
Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in 
Singapore only. Indicate “Not Applicable” if Notes are 
also offered to investors other than Institutional Investors 
and Accredited Investors in Singapore.)

--- Page 47 ---
39 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each Global Note 
(as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and 
agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable 
Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive 
Note. Reference should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms which will 
specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Neste Corporation (the Issuer) pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified Denomination in 
the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note;  
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) (whether or not issued in exchange for a Global Note 
in registered form). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 6 March 2023 and made 
between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Principal 
Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent) and as transfer agent (together with 
the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents), the other 
paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include 
any additional or successor paying agents) and Citibank Europe Plc as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall 
include any successor registrar). The Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), the Registrar, the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents are together referred to as the Agents. The final 
terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached to or endorsed on 
this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions). References to the applicable Final Terms are, 
unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this 
Note.  
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Bearer Notes which, when 
issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached on 
issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a 
reference to Talons or talons. Registered Notes and Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
Any reference to Noteholders shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of 
Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a 
Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the 
Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) 
and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which (a) are expressed to 
be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the 
same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest 
starts to accrue. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of Covenant as 
modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) dated 6 March 2023 and made 
by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below).  
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are (i) available for inspection during normal business hours 
at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior 
written request to any Paying Agents or the Issuer and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to 
the relevant Paying Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be). If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin. The

--- Page 48 ---
40 
 
 
Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements 
in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same 
meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, 
in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms 
will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in the case of 
definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the 
Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may 
not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for 
Registered Notes and vice versa. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the Registered 
Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The 
Issuer and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue 
and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for 
all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding 
paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person (other than Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other 
document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to 
the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall 
be treated by the Issuer and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other 
than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose 
the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall 
be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with 
and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures 
for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. References to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any 
additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES  
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in 
such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a 
Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be 
transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of the same 
series only in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the 
rules and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, 
and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 49 ---
41 
 
 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraph 2.3 below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency 
Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised 
denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any such transfer (a the holder or holders 
must (i) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part 
of the Registered Note) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly 
executed by the holder or holders thereof or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete 
and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant 
Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the 
person making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the 
Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 7 to the Agency 
Agreement). Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for 
this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant 
Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable 
fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its 
specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the 
transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the 
Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of 
a Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the 
Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the 
transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), the Issuer shall not 
be required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial 
redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer as provided 
above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer 
may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may 
be imposed in relation to the registration. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES  
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and 
(save for any obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding.  
4. 
COVENANTS 
4.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement) the Issuer shall not, and 
shall procure that none of its Principal Subsidiaries (as defined below) shall create or permit to subsist any Security 
Interest (as defined below), other than a Permitted Security Interest (as defined below) upon the whole or any part 
of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure (i) any Relevant 
Indebtedness (as defined below) or (ii) any Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness, unless prior to or simultaneously 
therewith the Issuer takes any and all action necessary to ensure that its obligations under the Notes either: 
(a) 
are secured by the Security Interest equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness or Guarantee of 
Relevant Indebtedness; or   
(b) 
have the benefit of such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving 
of a Security Interest) as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) of the Noteholders.  
4.2 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Group means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, from time to time;

--- Page 50 ---
42 
 
 
Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness means any financial obligation, directly or indirectly guaranteeing, 
indemnifying or otherwise assuring in any manner whatsoever any Relevant Indebtedness;  
Permitted Security Interest means: 
(a) 
any Security Interest over or affecting any asset of any company which becomes a member of the Group 
after the issue of the Notes, where such Security Interest is created prior to the date on which such 
company is acquired by and becomes a member of the Group, provided that:  
(i) 
such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of the acquisition of such company; and  
(ii) 
the amount thereby secured has not been increased in contemplation of, or since the date of, the 
acquisition of such company; 
(b) 
any Security Interest over or affecting any asset acquired by a member of the Group after the issue of the 
Notes, where such Security Interest is created prior to the date of the acquisition of such asset, provided 
that:  
(i) 
such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of the acquisition of such asset; and  
(ii) 
the amount thereby secured has not been increased in contemplation of, or since the date of, the 
acquisition of such asset; 
(c) 
any Security Interest granted that secures Project Finance Indebtedness, provided that the property over 
which Security Interest is granted consists solely of the asset in relation to which such Project Finance 
Indebtedness is incurred and the aggregate cash flow or net cash flow (other than historic cash flow or 
historic net cash flow) from such asset. 
Principal Subsidiary means, at any time, any Subsidiary of the Issuer  
(a) 
whose total assets, consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries (to the extent 
attributable to the consolidated total assets of the Group), as shown by its latest audited consolidated 
financial statements, represents 10 per cent. or more of the consolidated total assets of the Group, as 
shown by the latest published audited consolidated financial statements of the Group; provided that in 
the case of a Subsidiary of the Issuer acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest 
audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries relate, the reference to the then latest 
audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the purposes of the calculation above 
shall, until consolidated accounts for the financial period in which the acquisition is made have been 
prepared and audited as aforesaid, be deemed to be a reference to such first-mentioned accounts as if 
such Subsidiary had been shown in such accounts by reference to its then latest relevant audited accounts, 
adjusted as deemed appropriate by the Auditors; or 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a Subsidiary 
of the Issuer which immediately prior to such transfer is a Principal Subsidiary, provided that the 
transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a Principal Subsidiary and the 
transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Principal Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (b) on the 
date on which the consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the financial period current 
at the date of such transfer have been prepared and audited as aforesaid but so that such transferor 
Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Principal Subsidiary on or at any time after the date 
on which such consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the 
provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other applicable 
provision of this definition; or 
(c) 
to which is transferred assets which, taken together with the assets of the transferee Subsidiary, represent 
(or, in the case of the transferee Subsidiary being acquired after the end of the financial period to which 
the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries relate, represent total assets 
equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets, of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken 
as a whole, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, provided that the transferor 
Subsidiary (if a Principal Subsidiary) shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a Principal Subsidiary 
unless immediately following such transfer its assets represent (or, in the case aforesaid, represent total 
assets equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets, of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries 
taken as a whole, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, and the transferee Subsidiary 
shall cease to be a Principal Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (c) on the date on which the 
consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the financial period current at the date of such 
transfer have been prepared and audited but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee

--- Page 51 ---
43 
 
 
Subsidiary may be a Principal Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which such consolidated 
accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of subparagraph (a) 
above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other applicable provision of this definition. 
A certificate from two directors of the Issuer that in their opinion a Subsidiary of the Issuer is or is not or was or 
was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Principal Subsidiary, shall, in the absence of 
manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
Project Finance Indebtedness means any indebtedness incurred by a debtor to finance the ownership, 
acquisition, construction, development and/or operation of an asset in respect of which the person or persons to 
whom such indebtedness is, or may be, owed have no recourse whatsoever for the repayment of or payment of 
any sum relating to such indebtedness other than: 
(a) 
recourse to such debtor for amounts limited to the aggregate cash flow or net cash flow (other than 
historic cash flow or historic net cash flow) from such asset; and/or 
(b) 
recourse to such debtor generally, which recourse is limited to a claim for damages (other than liquidated 
damages and damages required to be calculated in a specified way) for breach of an obligation, 
representation or warranty (not being a payment obligation, representation or warranty or an obligation, 
representation or warranty to procure payment by another or an obligation, representation or warranty to 
comply or procure the compliance by another with any financial ratios or other test of financial condition) 
by the person against whom such recourse is available; and/or 
(c) 
if such debtor has been established specifically for the purpose of constructing, developing, owning 
and/or operating the relevant asset and such debtor owns no other significant assets and carries on no 
other business, recourse to all of the assets and undertaking of such debtor and the shares in the capital 
of such debtor. 
Relevant Indebtedness means any present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or of a Principal Subsidiary which 
is in the form of or represented by any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other debt 
securities, whether issued by way of a private placement or public placement (or any combination thereof), which 
are, or shall be, quoted, listed or traded on any stock exchange or regulated securities market; 
Security Interest means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, without limitation, 
the equivalent of any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction;  
Subsidiary of a company of corporation shall be construed as a reference to any company or corporation: 
(i) 
which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by the first-mentioned company or corporation; 
(ii) 
more than half of the issued share capital of which is beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by the 
first-mentioned company or corporation; or 
(iii) 
which is a subsidiary of another subsidiary of the first-mentioned company or corporation,  
and, for the purposes of this definition, a company or corporation shall being treated as being controlled by another 
if that other company or corporation is able to direct its affairs and/or to control the composition of its board of 
directors or equivalent body. 
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per 
annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each 
year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable 
on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will 
amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date 
(or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 52 ---
44 
 
 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate 
of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered Notes in 
definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Fixed Rate Notes represented by 
such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as applicable, 
to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rate Notes which are Registered Notes in definitive form 
or to the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form) shall be 
rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a multiple 
of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product 
of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which 
the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
In these Conditions: 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with this 
Condition 5.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) the 
most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in 
one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) the next 
Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date 
is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the 
first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent.

--- Page 53 ---
45 
 
 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest 
will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date (each 
such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest Payment Date) which falls 
the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, Interest Period means the 
period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) 
the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other 
than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest 
Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 5.2(a)(ii) above, the 
Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day 
that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis 
or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall 
be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; 
or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and each Additional Business 
Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on which 
the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System or any 
successor or replacement for that system (the TARGET2 System) is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney 
and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System 
is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Period will be determined in the 
manner specified below.

--- Page 54 ---
46 
 
 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate 
This Condition 5.2(b)(i) applies where "Term Rate" is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
"Applicable". 
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either EURIBOR or STIBOR, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR or Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR) (the Specified 
Time) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations.  
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of subparagraph (A) above, no offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of subparagraph (B) above, fewer than three offered quotations appear, 
in each case as at the Specified Time, the Issuer, or an agent appointed by it, shall request each of the 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date 
in question and the Issuer, or an agent appointed by it, shall notify the Calculation Agent of all quotations 
received by it. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer or an agent appointed by it, as 
applicable, with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the 
offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides an offered 
quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period 
shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to the Issuer upon request (and notified to the Calculation Agent by the Issuer or an agent 
appointed by the Issuer) by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Swedish 
inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) 
or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer with offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at 
which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the 
Issuer it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) or the Swedish inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period).  
Reference Banks means (i) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, and (ii) in the case of a determination of 
STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four major banks in the Swedish inter-bank market, in each 
case selected by the Issuer.

--- Page 55 ---
47 
 
 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate – SOFR – Non-Index Determination 
This Condition 5.2(b)(ii) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) "Overnight Rate" to be 
'Applicable'; (2) either "Compounded Daily SOFR" or "Weighted Average SOFR" as the Reference Rate; 
and (3) "Index Determination" to be 'Not Applicable'. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies the Reference Rate to be "Compounded Daily SOFR", the 
provisions of paragraph (A) below of this Condition 5.2(b)(ii) apply.  
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies the Reference Rate to be "Weighted Average SOFR", the 
provisions of paragraph (B) below of this Condition 5.2(b)(ii) apply. 
(A) 
Compounded Daily SOFR 
Where this paragraph (A) applies, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
to Condition 5.2(f)(i)(B)(2) and as provided below, be Compounded Daily SOFR with respect 
to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded Daily SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily U.S. dollars secured overnight financing 
rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at 
the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅i   × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 = 1
−1] × D
𝑑 
where: 
d 
is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
D 
is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, 360); 
do 
means: 
(i) 
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
i 
is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
Lock-out Period means the period from (and including) the day following the Interest 
Determination Date to (but excluding) the corresponding Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 56 ---
48 
 
 
New York Fed's Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of SOFR) or any successor source; 
ni 
for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", means the number of calendar 
days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" up to 
(but excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
Observation Period means the period from (and including) the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period or (B) (in the case of any other Interest Accrual Period) the 
date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due; 
p 
means: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified 
as the "Lag Period" in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so 
specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days); 
(ii) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, zero U.S. Government Securities Business Days; or 
(iii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified as the "Observation Shift Period" in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, if no such number is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days); 
Reference Day means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, other than any U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the Lock-
out Period; 
SOFR in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day (USBDx), is a reference 
rate equal to the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the New York Fed's Website, in each case at or around 
3.00 p.m. (New York City time) on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
immediately following such USBDx; 
SOFRi means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i"; 
(ii) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(I) 
in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" that 
is a Reference Day, the SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately preceding such Reference 
Day; or 
(II) 
in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" that 
is not a Reference Day (being a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SOFR in respect of the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding 
the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (such 
last Reference Day coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); 
or

--- Page 57 ---
49 
 
 
(iii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i"; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a 
day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends 
that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(B) 
Weighted Average SOFR 
Where this paragraph (B) applies, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
to Condition 5.2(f)(ii) and as provided below, be the Weighted Average SOFR with respect to 
such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
applicable Margin (if any), all as calculated by the Calculation Agent as of the Interest 
Determination Date (and rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards), where: 
Weighted Average SOFR means: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic mean of the SOFR in effect for each calendar day during the relevant 
Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant SOFR by the number of 
calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of such products and dividing 
such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. For these 
purposes, the SOFR in effect for any calendar day which is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day shall be deemed to be the SOFR in effect for the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day; and 
(ii) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean of the SOFR in effect for each calendar day during the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant SOFR by the 
number of days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of such products and 
dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, provided however that for any calendar day of such Interest Accrual Period 
falling in the Lock-out Period, the relevant SOFR for each day during that Lock-out 
Period will be deemed to be the SOFR in effect for the Reference Day immediately 
preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes, the SOFR in effect 
for any calendar day which is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day shall, 
subject to the proviso above, be deemed to be the SOFR in effect for the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day. 
Defined terms used in this paragraph (B) and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings 
given to them in paragraph (A) above of this Condition 5.2(b)(ii). 
(C) 
SOFR Unavailable 
Subject to Condition 5.2(f)(ii), if, where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to this 
Condition 5.2(b)(ii), in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day in respect of 
which an applicable SOFR is required to be determined, such SOFR is not available, such SOFR 
shall be the SOFR for the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day in respect 
of which the SOFR was published on the New York Fed's Website. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 5.2(b)(ii) but without prejudice to Condition 5.2(f)(i)(B)(2), the 
Rate of Interest shall be: 
(i) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date on which the Rate 
of Interest was so determined (though substituting, where a different Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest (as the case may be) relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place 
of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period); or

--- Page 58 ---
50 
 
 
(ii) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first scheduled Interest Period 
had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the first scheduled Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (applying the 
Margin and, if applicable, any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest, applicable to the first scheduled Interest Period), 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate – SOFR – Index Determination 
This Condition 5.2(b)(iii) applies where the applicable Final Terms specifies: (1) "Overnight Rate" to be 
'Applicable'; (2) "Compounded Daily SOFR" as the Reference Rate; and (2) "Index Determination" to be 
'Applicable'. 
(A) 
The Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 5.2(f)(ii) and as 
provided below, be the Compounded SOFR with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Compounded SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate (expressed as a 
percentage and rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
 −1) × 360
𝑑𝑐
 
where: 
dc 
is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which SOFR 
IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which SOFR IndexEnd 
is determined; 
Relevant Number is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, five); 
SOFR means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the SOFR 
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR); 
SOFR Administrator's Website means the website of the SOFR Administrator, or any 
successor source; 
SOFR Index, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means the SOFR 
index value as published by the SOFR Administrator as such index appears on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website at or around 3.00 p.m. (New York time) on such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the SOFR Determination Time); 
SOFR IndexStart, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, is the SOFR Index value for the 
day which is the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period; 
SOFR IndexEnd, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, is the SOFR Index value for the day 
which is the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
(A) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period, or (B) such other date 
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the 
operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Accrual Period); 
and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a 
day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends 
that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.

--- Page 59 ---
51 
 
 
(B) 
If, as at any relevant SOFR Determination Time, the relevant SOFR Index is not published or 
displayed on the SOFR Administrator's Website by the SOFR Administrator, the Compounded 
SOFR for the applicable Interest Accrual Period for which the relevant SOFR Index is not 
available shall be "Compounded Daily SOFR" determined in accordance with 
Condition 5.2(b)(ii) above as if "Index Determination" were specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being 'Not Applicable', and for these purposes: (i) the "Observation Method" shall be 
deemed to be "Observation Shift" and (ii) the "Observation Shift Period" shall be deemed to be 
equal to the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days, as if such 
alternative elections had been made in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iv) 
Interest Accrual Period 
As used herein, an Interest Accrual Period means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any other period (if any) in 
respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the period from (and including) the first day of such period to 
(but excluding) the day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, if the Notes become due and 
payable in accordance with Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement), shall be the date on which the 
Notes become due and payable). 
(v) 
Determination of Rate of Interest following acceleration 
If the Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement) or if 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity otherwise than on an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest shall 
be calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and 
payable, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue 
thereon. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that 
the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 
(b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that 
the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 
(b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.  
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate 
Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered Notes in 
definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Notes represented by such Global 
Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate 
Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for 
the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this 
Condition 5.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap

--- Page 60 ---
52 
 
 
year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number is 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Interest 
Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number would be 
31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Interest 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360

--- Page 61 ---
53 
 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last 
day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Interest 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would 
be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as 
if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however 
that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the 
Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, 
in consultation with an Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an 
expert determines appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(i) 
Benchmark Event 
This Condition 5.2(f)(i) applies to Floating Rate Notes other than where the applicable Final Terms 
specifies either "Compounded Daily SOFR" or "Weighted Average SOFR" as the Reference Rate. 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5.2, if the Issuer, in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent, determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate at any time when the Conditions provide for any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and in either case, an Adjustment Spread and 
any Benchmark Amendments (each as defined and as further described below) no later than 5 
Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest 
Period (the IA Determination Cut-off Date) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
(or a relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Notes for all future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.2(f)(i)); 
(B) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines that: 
(1) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 5.2(f)(i)(D)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 5.2(f)(i)); or 
(2) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5.2(f)(i)(D)) subsequently 
be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or

--- Page 62 ---
54 
 
 
the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 5.2(f)(i)); 
(C) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed 
by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate or, in either case, 
an applicable Adjustment Spread, prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period); 
(D) 
if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with this Condition 5.2(f)(i), 
the Independent Adviser acting in good faith shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which may 
be expressed as a specified quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of 
Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable); 
(E) 
if any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with 
this Condition 5.2(f)(i) and the Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, 
then the Issuer may also take necessary action to effect such Benchmark Amendments (and for 
the avoidance of doubt, the Principal Paying Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the 
Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and 
these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 5.2(f)(i)). No 
Noteholder consent shall be required in connection with effecting such Benchmark 
Amendments; and 
(F) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
or Adjustment Spread give notice thereof and of any Benchmark Amendments to the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any and will be binding on 
the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 5.2(f)(i)(A), (B), (C) and (D), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5.2(b) will continue to 
apply unless and until the Principal Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent have been notified of the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), any Adjustment Spread (if applicable) and 
Benchmark Amendments (if applicable), in accordance with Condition 5.2(f)(i)(F). 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(f)(i):  
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser acting in good 
faith determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
 (if no such recommendation has been made or option provided, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate) the Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines is recognised or acknowledged 
as being in customary usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference 
the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(c) 
(if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser 
acting in good faith determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard

--- Page 63 ---
55 
 
 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where 
such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
or 
(d) 
(if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser acting in 
good faith determines to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
Alternative Rate means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the Independent Adviser 
acting in good faith determines in accordance with Condition 5.2(f)(i)(B) has replaced the Original 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period and in 
the same Specified Currency as the Notes or, if the Independent Adviser determines there is no such rate, 
such other rate as the Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines is most comparable to the 
Original Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.2(f)(i)(D); 
Benchmark Event means:  
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist, be permanently administered or be published (in 
the latter case, for a period of at least 5 Business Days); or 
(b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator or an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before 
a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date 
specified in (b)(i); or 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date 
specified in (i) above; 
(e) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or 
before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (e)(i); or 
(f) 
it has, or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful for any Paying 
Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); or 
(g) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, no longer be representative or may no longer be used and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the date specified in (g)(i) above; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with the appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.2(f)(i) shall 
act in good faith as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever 
to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by 
it pursuant to this Condition 5.2(f)(i); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified Reference Rate or, where a Successor Rate or 
an Alternative Rate has been determined pursuant to Condition 5.2(f)(i), such Successor Rate or

--- Page 64 ---
56 
 
 
Alternative Rate, as applicable, used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
on the Notes; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended, or formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Transition 
This Condition 5.2(f)(ii) applies to Floating Rate Notes where the applicable Final Terms specifies either 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" or "Weighted Average SOFR" as the Reference Rate. 
If the Issuer, in consultation with the Calculation Agent, determines that a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate at 
any time when the Conditions provide for any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply. 
(A) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining the Benchmark 
Replacement which will replace such Original Reference Rate for all purposes relating to the 
Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent 
dates and any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes.  
Any Benchmark Replacement so determined by the Issuer shall have effect for any subsequent 
determination of any relevant Rate of Interest (subject to any further application of this 
Condition 5.2(f)(ii)), subject, if any associated Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
are required in connection therewith, to such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
becoming effective in accordance with the following provisions. 
If, notwithstanding the Issuer's reasonable endeavours, the Issuer is unable to appoint and 
consult with an Independent Adviser in accordance with the foregoing paragraph, the Issuer 
shall nevertheless be entitled, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, to 
make any and all determinations expressed to be made by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 5.2(f)(ii), notwithstanding that such determinations are not made following 
consultation with an Independent Adviser. 
(B) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if appointed), considers it is 
necessary to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, the Issuer shall, in 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if appointed), determine the terms of such 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, and shall, subject to giving notice in accordance 
with Condition 5.2(f)(ii)(D) below (but without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders), vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes with effect from the date specified in such 
notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5.2(f)(ii), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading.

--- Page 65 ---
57 
 
 
(C) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 5.2(f)(ii): 
Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the Original Reference Rate 
for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the 
replacement for the Original Reference Rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for 
the then current benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time 
and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to any 
Interest Period, Interest Accrual Period, the timing and frequency of determining rates and 
making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) 
that the Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser, if appointed) decides may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer (in 
consultation with the Independent Adviser, if appointed) determines is reasonably necessary); 
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect 
to the Original Reference Rate (including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Original Reference Rate (or such 
component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the date 
of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than (where the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
pursuant to Condition 5.2(b)(i) the Specified Time or (in any other case) the customary or 
scheduled time for publication of the relevant reference rate in accordance with the then-

--- Page 66 ---
58 
 
 
prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of such reference rate or, as the case may 
be, of the other relevant information service publishing such reference rate, on, the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred 
prior to such time for such determination; 
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the Original Reference Rate (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate (or such component) announcing that such administrator 
has ceased or will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate (or such component), 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Original Reference 
Rate (or such component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate (or such component), the central bank for 
the currency of the Original Reference Rate (or such component), an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate (or 
such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Original Reference Rate (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Original Reference 
Rate, which states that the administrator of the Original Reference Rate (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Original Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate announcing that the Original Reference 
Rate is no longer representative; 
Corresponding Tenor means, with respect to a Benchmark Replacement, a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the Original Reference Rate; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer 
at its own expense; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to 
be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Original 
Reference Rate; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Original Reference Rate for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; 
Original Reference Rate means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component 
part(s) thereof) on the Notes (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Transition 
Events, such originally specified benchmark or screen rate (or any benchmark used in any 
Benchmark Replacement which has replaced it (the Replacement Benchmark)) has been 
replaced by a (or a further) Replacement Benchmark and a Benchmark Transition Event 
subsequently occurs in respect of such Replacement Benchmark, the term "Original Reference 
Rate" shall be deemed to include any such Replacement Benchmark); 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and

--- Page 67 ---
59 
 
 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(D) 
Notices etc. 
The Issuer shall promptly notify the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the 
Noteholders of any Benchmark Replacement and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes determined under this Condition 5.2(f)(ii). Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any and 
will be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes, if any. 
(E) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 5.2(f)(ii)(A), (B), (C) and 
(D) the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5.2(b) 
will continue to apply unless and until the Principal Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent 
have been notified of the Benchmark Replacement and Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes (if any) determined in accordance with Condition 5.2(f)(ii)(B). 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
Except where the applicable Final Terms specifies "Overnight Rate" to be 'Applicable', the Calculation Agent will 
cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment 
Date to be notified to the Issuer and the Issuer shall forthwith notify any stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and cause notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business 
Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
general business in London. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies "Overnight Rate" to be 'Applicable', the Calculation Agent will cause 
the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment 
Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the Floating Rate Notes are for the time being 
listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the second Business Day thereafter. Each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount 
and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period. Any such amendment or alternative arrangements will promptly be notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5.2 (Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes) by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the 
absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach 
to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
5.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease to bear 
interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In 
such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and

--- Page 68 ---
60 
 
 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Note has been 
received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and notice to that effect has 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account in the 
relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments in respect of principal and interest on the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws 
and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 
(Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (any such withholding or deduction, a 
FATCA Withholding). 
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner 
provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any 
sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes 
will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the 
States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this 
purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any 
missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount 
of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due 
for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender 
of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 8 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become 
void under Condition 9 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise 
have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all 
unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect 
thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A Long 
Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose 
nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to 
be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be 
paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, 
the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Note.

--- Page 69 ---
61 
 
 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in bearer form will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Bearer Notes or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against presentation or surrender, 
as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A 
record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will 
be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
6.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Note 
at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the 
Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note 
appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (i) where 
in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of 
business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city 
where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. For these purposes, Designated 
Account means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be 
a non-resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and 
Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any 
bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by transfer 
on the due date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered 
Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a 
day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and 
(ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a 
business day) before the relevant due date (the Record Date). Payment of the interest due in respect of each 
Registered Note on redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such 
Registered Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments of 
principal or interest in respect of Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, 
or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
6.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes represented 
by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global 
Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note 
must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each payment 
so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest in respect 
of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in respect of such 
Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at such 
specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on the Bearer Notes 
in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the United 
States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full 
payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and

--- Page 70 ---
62 
 
 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
6.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the holder thereof 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled 
to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any day 
which (subject to Condition 9 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day 
on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of 
the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or 
New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable 
in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
6.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8 (Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
the Change of Control Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer under or 
in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any 
additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 8 (Taxation). 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed by the 
Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency 
on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 
the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice each as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) or any

--- Page 71 ---
63 
 
 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Principal Paying Agent to make available for inspection at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate 
signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth 
a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred 
and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment.  
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7.8 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together with any interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less 
than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice each as specified in applicable Final Terms 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable (other than in the 
circumstances set out in the next sentence) and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some 
only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
each as specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  
Where the Optional Redemption Amount is Spens Amount or Make-whole Amount, any such notice of 
redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such 
notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Optional Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as 
any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption 
may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been 
satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional 
Redemption Date so delayed. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of the Notes 
stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if either Spens Amount or Make-whole Amount is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, will be: 
(a) 
if Spens Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the higher of 
(i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the nominal 
amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed multiplied by the price, as reported to the Issuer by the 
Determination Agent, at which the Gross Redemption Yield to maturity or, if a Par Call Period is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Gross Redemption Yield to the Par Call Period 
Commencement Date on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield 
(determined by reference to the middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date of the 
Reference Bond, plus the Redemption Margin, all as determined by the Determination Agent; or  
(b) 
if Make-whole Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the higher of 
(i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the sum of the 
then present values of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining 
Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) and such present 
values shall be calculated by discounting such amounts to the date of redemption on an annual basis 
(based on the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms) at the Reference Bond Rate, 
plus the Redemption Margin, all as determined by the Determination Agent.  
In this Condition: 
DA Selected Bond means a government security or securities (which if the Specified Currency is euro, will be a 
German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Determination Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity

--- Page 72 ---
64 
 
 
comparable with the remaining term of the Notes, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance 
with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified 
Currency and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes; 
Determination Agent means a leading investment bank or financial institution of international standing selected 
by the Issuer; 
Gross Redemption Yield means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such security, expressed 
as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out by the United Kingdom Debt 
Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields", page 5, Section One: 
Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; Double-dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) 
Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" (published 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 2002, 16 March 2005 
and as further amended or updated from time to time) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted to an 
annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places) or, if such formula does not reflect generally 
accepted market practice at the time of redemption, a gross redemption yield calculated in accordance with 
generally accepted market practice at such time as determined by the Determination Agent; 
Make-whole Amount has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.3(b) above; 
Quotation Time shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the DA Selected Bond; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any date of redemption, (a) the arithmetic average of the Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the highest and lowest such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, (b) if the Determination Agent obtains fewer than four but more 
than one such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations, (c) if 
the Determination Agent obtains only one such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation, such quotation so 
obtained, or (d) if no Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are provided, the price determined by the 
Determination Agent (or failing which the Issuer, in consultation with the Determination Agent), acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, at such time and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal to the annual or 
semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count 
basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal 
amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date of redemption; 
Reference Date will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or their affiliates, which 
are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference Government Bond 
Dealer and any date of redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Determination Agent, of the bid 
and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the 
Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer; 
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled payment(s) of 
interest on such Note for the remaining term to maturity of such Note (or, if Issuer Par Call is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the remaining term up to the Par Call Period Commencement Date as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) determined on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note 
from and including the date on which such Note is to be redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 7.3 
above (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)); and 
Spens Amount has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.3(a) above.  
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will (i) in the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior to 
the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, be selected in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such

--- Page 73 ---
65 
 
 
Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the 
date fixed for redemption. 
7.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Par Call) 
If Issuer Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not 
less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in applicable Final Terms to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and specify the date 
fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes then outstanding in whole, but not in part, at any time during the Par Call 
Period specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, at the Final Redemption Amount specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption. 
7.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving 
to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, 
redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption 
Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in definitive 
form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal 
business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly 
completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified 
office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must 
specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, 
the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so 
surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such 
Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2 (Transfers of 
Registered Notes in definitive form). If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must be accompanied 
by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the 
Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the 
notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on their instruction 
by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be 
for them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders 
(Investor Put)) shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw 
the notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) and 
instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement). 
7.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put) 
If a Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the occurrence of 
a Change of Control Put Event (as defined below), each Noteholder will have the option (the Change of Control 
Put Option) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) that 
Noteholder's Notes on the Change of Control Put Date (as defined below) at the Change of Control Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to but excluding the date of redemption or purchase.  
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred and, in any event, 
within 5 days of the Issuer becoming aware that such Change of Control Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall 
give notice (a Change of Control Put Event Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event and the procedure for exercising the Change 
of Control Put Option.

--- Page 74 ---
66 
 
 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in definitive form and 
held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the 
case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours 
of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar, on any Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.6 
(Payment Day)) at the place of such specified office falling within the Change of Control Put Period (as defined 
below), a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being currently obtainable from 
any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a Change of Control Put Exercise 
Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is to be made by cheque, an address) 
to which payment is to be made under this Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a 
Change of Control (Change of Control Put)) and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to 
be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, 
an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject 
to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2 (Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form). If 
this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice must be accompanied by this 
Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following the delivery of the 
Change of Control Put Exercise Notice, be held to its order or under its control.  
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of this Note under this 
Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put)) 
the holder of this Note must, within the Change of Control Put Period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
(in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) of such exercise in accordance with 
the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on 
their instruction by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, 
as the case may be, for them to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the 
case of Registered Notes) by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
from time to time. 
A Change of Control Put Exercise Notice given by a holder of any Note shall be irrevocable except where, prior 
to the due date of redemption or purchase, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which event 
such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice 
given pursuant to this Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control 
(Change of Control Put)) and instead treat its Notes as being forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 
(Events of Default and Enforcement). 
Any Note which is the subject of a Change of Control Put Exercise Notice which has been delivered as described 
above prior to the expiry of the Change of Control Put Period shall be redeemed or, as the case may be, purchased 
by (or on behalf of) the Issuer on the date which is the fifteenth Business Day as defined in Condition 5.2(a) 
(Interest Payment Dates) immediately following the last day of the Change of Control Put Period (the Change of 
Control Put Date).  
If an amount equal to or exceeding the Minimum Percentage in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding on the 
date on which the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice is given have been redeemed pursuant to this 
Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put)), 
the Issuer may give notice to the Noteholders within 15 Business Days after the Change of Control Put Date, that 
it will on a specified date falling no earlier than 10 Business Days following the date of publication of such notice 
redeem or purchase all outstanding Notes at the Change of Control Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to but excluding the date of such redemption. 
In these Conditions:  
a Change of Control Put Event will be deemed to occur if: 
(a) 
any Person or any Persons (other than the State of Finland) acting in concert shall acquire (A) shares in 
the issued share capital of the Issuer carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights normally 
exercisable at a general meeting of the Issuer or (B) the power to appoint the majority of the members of 
the board of directors of the Issuer (each such event being, a Change of Control); and 
(b) 
on the date (the Relevant Announcement Date) that is the earlier of (1) the date of the earliest Potential 
Change of Control Announcement (as defined below) (if any) and (2) the date of the first public 
announcement of the relevant Change of Control, the Notes carry:  
(i) 
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-/BBB-, or equivalent, or better) (an Investment 
Grade Rating) from any Rating Agency (provided by such Rating Agency at the invitation or 
with the consent of the Issuer) and, within the Change of Control Period, any such Rating

--- Page 75 ---
67 
 
 
Agency downgrades its rating of the Notes to a non-investment grade credit rating 
(Ba1/BB+/BB+ or equivalent, or worse) or withdraws its rating of the Notes and such rating is 
not within the Change of Control Period (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case 
of a withdrawal) reinstated to an Investment Grade Rating by such Rating Agency; or  
(ii) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+ or equivalent or worse) from any Rating 
Agency (provided by such Rating Agency at the invitation or with the consent of the Issuer) and 
such rating from any Rating Agency is within the Change of Control Period downgraded by one 
or more notches (for illustration, Ba1/BB+/BB+ to Ba2/BB/BB being one notch) or withdrawn 
and is not within the Change of Control Period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) 
upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) reinstated to its earlier credit rating or better by such 
Rating Agency; or 
(iii) 
no credit rating from any Rating Agency and a Negative Rating Event also occurs within the 
Change of Control Period, 
and 
(c) 
in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating Agency announces publicly or 
confirms in writing to the Issuer that such downgrading and/or withdrawal resulted, directly or indirectly, 
from the Change of Control or the Potential Change of Control Announcement (whether or not the 
Change of Control shall have occurred at the time such rating is downgraded and/or withdrawn). Upon 
receipt by the Issuer of any such written confirmation, the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such 
written confirmation to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
If the rating designations employed by Moody's, S&P or Fitch are changed from those which are described in 
paragraph (b) of the definition of "Change of Control Put Event" above, or if a rating is procured from a Substitute 
Rating Agency, the Issuer shall determine the rating designations of Moody's, S&P or Fitch or such Substitute 
Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are most equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody's, S&P or Fitch 
and this Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control 
Put)) shall be construed accordingly. 
Change of Control Period means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement Date and ending 
120 days after the occurrence of the Change of Control or, where a Rating Agency has publicly announced that 
the Notes are under consideration for rating review or, as the case may be, being assigned a solicited rating (such 
public announcement being within the period ending 120 days after the Change of Control), the later of (i) such 
120th day after the Change of Control and (ii) the date falling 60 days after such public announcement; 
Change of Control Put Period means the period from, and including, the date of a Change of Control Put Event 
Notice to, but excluding, the 45th Business Day following the date of the Change of Control Put Event Notice or, 
if earlier, the eighth day immediately preceding the Maturity Date; 
Fitch means Fitch Ratings Limited; 
Moody's means Moody's Deutschland GmbH; 
Negative Rating Event shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) the Issuer does not, prior to or not later than 21 
days after the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control, seek, and thereafter throughout the Change of Control 
Period use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, a rating of the Notes or (ii) if the Issuer does so seek and use all 
such reasonable endeavours, it is unable to obtain such rating of at least investment grade (Baa3/BBB-/BBB- or 
equivalent or better) by the end of the Change of Control Period and the relevant Rating Agency announces 
publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer that the failure to issue a rating of at least investment grade 
(Baa3/BBB-/BBB- or equivalent or better) was as a result, directly or indirectly, of the Change of Control or the 
Potential Change of Control Announcement (whether or not the Change of Control had occurred at such time);  
Potential Change of Control Announcement means any public announcement or statement by or on behalf of 
the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser acting on behalf of any actual or potential bidder relating 
to any potential Change of Control where within 120 days following the date of such announcement or statement, 
a Change of Control occurs; and 
Rating Agency means Moody's, S&P or Fitch or any of their respective successors or any other rating agency (a 
Substitute Rating Agency) of equivalent international standing specified by the Issuer from time to time; and  
S&P and Standard & Poor's means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited.

--- Page 76 ---
68 
 
 
7.7 
Clean-Up Call 
If Clean-Up Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that Notes representing 
an aggregate principal amount equal to or exceeding the Minimum Percentage of the Notes initially issued (which 
shall include, for these purposes, any further Notes issued pursuant to Condition 16 (Further Issues)) have been 
redeemed pursuant to Condition 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) or purchased 
and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.9 (Purchases), the Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum 
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying 
Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase 
(or procure the purchase of) all but not some only of, the Notes then outstanding at the Optional Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together with interest accrued to but excluding the date of such 
redemption. The notice referred to in the preceding sentence shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed 
for redemption.  
7.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) and Condition 10 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement): 
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount being an amount calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 30/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year 
consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365).  
7.9 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer 
Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open 
market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer or the relevant 
Subsidiary surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
7.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes 
purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.9 above (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
7.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note pursuant 
to Condition 7.1 (Redemption at maturity), 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Issuer Call)) or 7.4 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Par Call)) or upon its becoming due 
and repayable as provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement) is improperly withheld or refused, 
the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in

--- Page 77 ---
69 
 
 
Condition 7.8(b) as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such 
Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar and notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
8. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will be 
made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required 
by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes 
or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in the Republic of Finland; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of the 
holder's having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note or 
Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent 
that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for 
payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.6 
(Payment Day)).  
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Republic of Finland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction (or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax) to which payments made by the Issuer of principal and interest on the 
Notes or Coupons become generally subject; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, 
as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such 
moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices). 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of 
principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case 
of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for payment 
in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6.2 (Presentation of definitive Bearer 
Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6.2 (Presentation of definitive 
Bearer Notes and Coupons). 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
10.1 
Events of Default  
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due in respect of 
the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of seven days in the case of principal and 
14 days in the case of interest; or

--- Page 78 ---
70 
 
 
(b) 
if any indebtedness of the Issuer in respect of moneys borrowed and raised in the aggregate amount of at 
least EUR 75,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency is accelerated prematurely because of an 
event of default, howsoever described, or if any such indebtedness is not repaid on the due date thereof 
as extended by any applicable grace period; or 
(c) 
if the Issuer fails to pay when due (subject to any applicable grace period) any amount payable by it 
under any guarantee of any indebtedness given by the Issuer in the aggregate amount of at least 
EUR 75,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency; or 
(d) 
if any Security Interest (as defined above) in the aggregate amount of at least EUR 75,000,000 or its 
equivalent in any other currency given by the Issuer for any indebtedness of the Issuer becomes 
enforceable by reason of an event of default; or 
(e) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its obligations under Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge) and 
(except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is 
hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues unremedied for the period of 30 days 
following the service by a Noteholder on the Issuer of written notice requiring the same to be remedied; 
or  
(f) 
if the Issuer ceases to carry on its current business in its entirety; or  
(g) 
if the Issuer has been adjudged into winding up (selvitystila) or declared bankrupt, 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent, 
effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent, declare any Note held by it to be forthwith 
due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount, 
together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other 
notice of any kind. 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or Coupons) or the Registrar (in the 
case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, 
the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents 
and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar;  
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant authority, 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and a Transfer Agent (in the case 
of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations 
of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the jurisdiction in 
which the Issuer is incorporated.  
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in the 
circumstances described in Condition 6.5 (General provisions applicable to payments). Notice of any variation, 
termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Agency Agreement 
contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is 
consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent.

--- Page 79 ---
71 
 
 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the 
Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and 
including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further 
Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9 (Prescription). 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such publication in a newspaper 
will be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a 
manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes 
are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website 
of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to 
have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, 
on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers.  
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail or (if 
posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at their respective 
addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after mailing and, in 
addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another 
relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be 
published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing the Notes 
are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such 
publication in such newspaper(s) or such mailing the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as 
any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of 
that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant 
stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places 
required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the case of 
any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global 
Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
15.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference call or by 
use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including 
the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if 
required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the 
nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the 
modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the 
Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons or 
amending the Deed of Covenant), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than 
two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one 
or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding.

--- Page 80 ---
72 
 
 
The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance 
with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such 
resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through 
the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Principal Paying Agent) by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, 
be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the 
Noteholders will be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting and whether or not 
they voted on the resolution, and on all Couponholders. 
15.2 
Modification  
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, 
to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required as 
mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement which is 
not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders;  
(b) 
any modification as a result of the operation of Condition 5.2(f); or 
(c) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement which is 
of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such modification 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter.  
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to 
create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save 
for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue 
and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
17. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available apart 
from that Act. 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
18.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons are 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law.  
18.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 18.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to their 
existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity 
and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes 
and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or 
Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 18.2 (Submission to jurisdiction), the Issuer waives any objection to 
the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any 
Dispute.  
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any Dispute or 
Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any 
number of jurisdictions.

--- Page 81 ---
73 
 
 
18.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Akin Gump LLP at Ten Bishops Square, London E1 6EG as its agent for service 
of process in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of 
Akin Gump LLP being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person as 
its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute. The Issuer agrees that failure by a process 
agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process 
in any other manner permitted by law.  
18.4 
Other documents  
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction of the English 
courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 82 ---
74 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, which include 
making a profit. If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
In particular, if so specified in the use of proceeds section of the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer intends to apply an 
amount equal to the net proceeds from an issue of Notes specifically for Eligible Assets and Projects as set out in the 
Issuer's Green Finance Framework (as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, the Framework) which is 
available for viewing on the Issuer's website at www.neste.com/investors/credit/green-finance. Such Notes may also be 
referred to as Green Bonds.  
The Issuer has obtained a second-party opinion from S&P Global Ratings (the Second Party Opinion), an external ESG 
research and analysis provider, to confirm the Framework's alignment with the International Capital Markets Association 
(ICMA) Green Bond Principles 2021 (with June 2022 Appendix 1). The Second Party Opinion is available for viewing on 
the Issuer's website at www.neste.com/investors/credit/green-finance. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or 
certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the 
issue of any Green Bonds and in particular with any Eligible Assets and Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, 
social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, neither any such opinion or certification nor the Framework are, 
nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Neither such opinion or certification 
nor the Framework are, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds. Any such opinion or certification is only current as at the date that 
opinion or certification was initially issued and the criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the Second Party 
Opinion or any such other opinion or certification may change at any time and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, 
updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of 
any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. Currently, the providers of such opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors in any Green 
Bonds should also refer to the risk factors above headed "Risks Related to the Notes Generally—Notes issued as a Green 
Bonds with a specific use of proceeds may not meet investor expectations or requirements", "Risks Related to the Notes 
Generally—No assurance of suitability or reliability of any Second Party Opinion or any other opinion, report or 
certification of any third party relating to any Green Bonds", "Risks Related to the Notes Generally—No assurance that 
Green Bonds will be admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" (or similar) segment of any 
stock exchange or market, or that any admission obtained will be maintained" and "Risks Related to the Notes Generally—
Green Bonds are not linked to the performance of any Eligible Assets and Projects, do not benefit from any arrangements 
to enhance the performance of the Notes or any contractual rights derived solely from the intended use of proceeds of such 
Notes".

--- Page 83 ---
75 
 
 
INFORMATION ABOUT NESTE 
Overview 
Neste creates solutions for combating climate change and accelerating a shift to a circular economy. Neste refines waste, 
residues, vegetable oils and innovative raw materials into renewable fuels and sustainable feedstock for polymers and 
chemicals. Neste is a global producer of SAF, renewable diesel and renewable feedstock solutions for the polymers and 
chemicals industry. Neste is also developing chemical recycling technologies and capacity to combat the plastic waste 
challenge. In addition, Neste is a technologically advanced refiner of high-quality oil products with a commitment to reach 
carbon-neutral production by 2035. According to management, Neste's renewable products helped reduce GHG emissions 
by 11.0 million tonnes in 2023 compared to crude oil-based products. For the year ended 31 December 2023, Neste's 
revenue amounted to EUR 22,926 million and its operating profit amounted to EUR 1,682 million as compared to EUR 
25,707 million and EUR 2,410 million, respectively, for the year ended 31 December 2022. For the six months ended 30 
June 2024, Neste's revenue amounted to EUR 9,443 million and its operating profit amounted to EUR 81 million as 
compared to EUR 10,649 million and EUR 597 million, respectively, for the six months ended 30 June 2023. For more 
information about Neste's results and the factors affecting the results, see "Documents Incorporated by Reference". 
Neste's businesses are grouped into four reporting segments: Renewable Products, Oil Products, Marketing & Services and 
Others. Neste had a revenue of EUR 22.9 billion in 2023. As at 31 December 2023, Neste had 6,014 employees, of which 
2,190 were based outside Finland. 
Neste's predecessor, Neste Oy (Old Neste), was founded in 1948 in order to secure Finland's oil supply. Old Neste was 
listed on the Helsinki Stock Exchange in 1995, and in 1997, the Finnish Council of State decided to merge Old Neste with 
Imatran Voima Oy to form Fortum Corporation (Fortum), which was listed on the Helsinki Stock Exchange in December 
1998. The merged oil and power company continued its operations until 2005, when the oil business was spun off as a 
separate company to form Neste and the shares in Neste were listed on the Helsinki Stock Exchange. Neste's shares are 
listed on Nasdaq Helsinki under the trading code NESTE. 
Neste was registered in the Finnish Trade Register on 1 May 2004, and its business identity code is 1852302-9. Neste is a 
public limited liability company incorporated in Finland, and it is organised under the laws of Finland. Its registered address 
is Keilaranta 21, FI-02150 Espoo, Finland, and its telephone number is +358 10 45811. Neste's legal entity identifier code 
(LEI) is 5493009GY1X8GQ66AM14. 
According to article 2 of the Issuer's articles of association (the Articles of Association), Neste's field of business is to 
engage, both directly and through its subsidiaries and affiliated companies, in oil and gas production, in the oil, energy and 
chemical industries and trading in these businesses, in merchant shipping, in engineering, and other business operations 
related to the aforementioned. Neste may own and administer real estate, shares, and other securities. 
Corporate History 
Old Neste was founded in 1948 to secure Finland's oil supply. Old Neste's first refinery came on-stream in Naantali in 
1957, and the first crude oil cargo arrived there in June 1957. In 1960, Old Neste decided to double the capacity of the 
Naantali refinery, which came on-stream in 1962. The Porvoo refinery, Old Neste's second refinery, came on-stream in 
1966. 
In the 1970s, Old Neste became the largest company in Finland, and it had an important role in balancing Finland's trade 
with the Soviet Union. Petrochemicals and plastics, oil drilling and natural gas industries emerged in Finland through the 
efforts of Old Neste. 
In the 1990s, Old Neste's Exploration & Production business in the North Sea and the Middle East expanded, and Neste 
service stations started operating in the Baltic Rim countries. Borealis, the petrochemicals joint venture with Statoil, and 
Gasum, the natural gas company co-owned with Gazprom, were established. Petrochemicals operations were divested 
1998, and the remaining chemicals businesses in 1999. Gasum's shares were transferred to Fortum in 2004. 
On 27 November 1995, Old Neste's initial public offering was completed and its shares were listed on the Helsinki Stock 
Exchange. In 1997, the Finnish Council of State decided to merge Old Neste with Imatran Voima Oy to form Fortum, 
which was listed on the Helsinki Stock Exchange in December 1998, and Old Neste became a subsidiary of Fortum. 
In 2005, Neste was spun off from Fortum. Neste's shares were first quoted on the Helsinki Stock Exchange on 
18 April 2005. Further in 2005, Neste decided to build a renewable diesel production unit in Porvoo, Finland, and in 2006 
the second renewable diesel production unit in Porvoo, with the aim of becoming the world's leading producer of renewable 
diesel.

--- Page 84 ---
76 
 
 
In 2007, Neste decided to build a renewable diesel plant in Singapore. In addition, Neste inaugurated a new diesel line and 
a renewable diesel production unit in Porvoo. Further, Neste's total production capacity for renewable products reached 
0.2 million tonnes per year. 
In 2008, Neste decided to build Europe's largest renewable diesel plant in Rotterdam, the Netherlands. 
In 2010, Neste established the renewable diesel plant in Singapore. 
In 2011, Neste's fourth renewable diesel plant, in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, was commissioned. 
In 2013, Neste made significant investments to improve the energy efficiency and operational reliability of its Porvoo 
refinery. 
In 2014, Neste completed the arrangements to sell its key vessels to companies owned by Finland's National Emergency 
Supply Agency and Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company and outsource its ship management functions to OSM 
Ship Management Finland Oy. 
In 2018, Neste announced that it had made the final investment decision on additional renewable products production 
capacity in Singapore. The construction of the project started at the beginning of 2019. 
In 2019, Neste renewed its strategy with the aim to become a global leader in renewable and circular solutions and 
restructured its organisation to better support the renewed strategy. 
In 2021, Neste ended refining operations at its refinery in Naantali, Finland, but port and distribution operations continue. 
In 2022, Neste announced the completion of the transaction to establish a 50/50 joint operation for production of renewable 
fuels with Marathon in the United States. The joint operation, called Martinez Renewables, is expected to increase Neste's 
renewable products capacity by slightly over 1 million tonnes (365 million US gallons) per year. 
Also in 2022, Neste announced that it had made the final investment decision on additional renewable products production 
capacity in Rotterdam. The Rotterdam refinery expansion investment is expected to increase Neste's total nameplate 
production capacity for renewable products in Rotterdam by 1.3 million tonnes per year to a total of 2.7 million tonnes per 
year. Neste's target is to start up the new production unit during the first half of 2026. 
In 2023, Neste finalised the expansion of its Singapore refinery, which is expected to increase the refinery's total production 
capacity to 2.6 million tonnes per year, including up to one million tonnes of SAF. 
Also in 2023, Neste announced the gradual long-term transformation of Neste's crude oil refinery in Porvoo, Finland, into 
a renewable and circular solutions site with estimated long-term capacity potential of approximately 3 million tonnes of 
renewable and circular products. The planned transformation requires multiple separate investment decisions before 
targeted completion in the mid-2030s. 
Neste's Strategy 
Neste's aim is to deliver outstanding value with renewable and circular solutions. Neste is continuing its growth and 
transformation as a global producer of SAF and renewable diesel and a forerunner in producing more sustainable raw 
material solutions for the polymers and chemicals industry. 
Neste outlined its updated strategy in June 2023. Neste will continue to differentiate itself from competitors with its flexible 
global operating platform and focus on feedstock growth and expansion in its most attractive markets. Neste's strategy 
"Taking Charge of Change" is built around two core themes: profitable growth and efficiency.   
Profitable Growth 
 
Expand global raw material base. Neste aims to continue to grow and strengthen its position in the waste and 
residues value chain, novel vegetable oils and liquefied waste plastics.  
 
Grow in attractive markets. Neste aims to strengthen its presence in selected markets to better serve its customers 
and help them to thrive. This will apply to all Neste's businesses and especially in areas of aviation, and polymers 
and chemicals. 
Efficiency 
 
Increased optionality and value creation. Neste aims to enhance its optionality in raw materials, products and 
markets in order to allow it to better adapt to dynamic business environments and strengthen its end-to-end 
optimisation capabilities. This elevates Neste's competitive edge but also amplifies its proficiency in navigating 
market dynamics and regulatory landscapes, and enables it to create better value for its customers.

--- Page 85 ---
77 
 
 
 
Increased cost competitiveness. Neste plans to further intensify its efforts to improve competitiveness and drive 
efficiency. This includes meticulous management of fixed costs and net working capital, as well as organisational, 
digital, end-to-end and project development. 
Strategy Execution 
Neste will continue to strive towards its sustainability vision (see "—Neste's Sustainability Vision" below) and ensure high 
standards in sustainability. Safety remains at the heart of Neste's operations – every day, everywhere. 
Neste has set its long-term targets to: 
 
help customers reduce their GHG emissions by at least 20 million tonnes CO2 equivalent annually by 2030 and 
meet their climate targets with Neste's renewable and circular solutions; 
 
reduce emissions in Neste's own production (scope 1 & 2) by 50 per cent. by 2030 compared to the 2019 level, 
and reach carbon neutral production by 2035;  
 
reduce the use phase emission intensity of sold products by 50 per cent. by 2040 compared to 2020 levels (use 
phase emission intensity is calculated by dividing the emissions from the use of products sold by Neste (part of 
scope 3) by the total amount of sold energy (gCO2e/MJ)); and 
 
work with its suppliers and partners to reduce emissions across Neste's entire value chain (scope 3). 
With the aim of securing profitable growth, Neste is expanding its global feedstock and production platform for renewables. 
Neste is investing in increasing product optionality at its refineries and its advanced pre-treatment capabilities and global 
feedstock sourcing organisation to increase feedstock flexibility. Neste is also expanding its terminal capacity and 
developing feedstock logistics capabilities. 
Neste produces renewable products at its refineries in Finland, the Netherlands, Singapore and the United States (by virtue 
of the 50/50 joint operation with Marathon in Martinez, California) entirely from renewable raw materials. With the 
Singapore expansion and the joint operation with Marathon for the production of renewable diesel (see "—Description of 
Operations by Business Area—Renewable Products—Refineries for Renewable Products" below), Martinez Renewables, 
a total nameplate production capacity for renewable products of 5.5 million tonnes per year is targeted to be reached by the 
end of 2024. When completed, Neste's Rotterdam refinery expansion project in the Netherlands is expected to further 
increase the Group's total nameplate production capacity for renewable products to 6.8 million tonnes per year by the end 
of 2026. 
Neste is strengthening its global waste and residues position via acquisitions along the feedstock value chain and increasing 
innovations to grow the raw materials base that serves the broadening of its end markets and future needs. Neste is also 
investigating the use of recycled raw materials such as liquefied waste plastic as refinery raw material and solutions for the 
production and utilisation of renewable hydrogen in the refinery processes. In May 2023, Neste decided to proceed to the 
basic engineering phase of a 120 megawatt electrolyser project to produce green hydrogen at its Porvoo refinery. During 
2023, the MultiPLHY project demonstrating renewable hydrogen production at Neste's Rotterdam refinery proceeded to 
the commissioning phase. In June 2023, Neste made the final investment decision to commence construction of upgrading 
facilities for liquefied plastic waste at its Porvoo refinery. With the investment, Neste aims to build the capacity to upgrade 
150,000 tonnes of liquefied waste plastic per year. 
In December 2023, Neste completed the strategic study launched in September 2022, and began a gradual transformation 
of its crude oil refinery in Porvoo, Finland, into a renewable and circular solutions refining site. The planned transformation 
will proceed in phases and requires multiple separate investment decisions during the next decade before targeted 
completion in the mid-2030s. 
Long-term Targets 
Neste's long-term financial targets are to maintain a leverage ratio (leverage ratio is defined as interest-bearing net debt 
divided by the sum of interest-bearing net debt and total equity) of below 40 per cent. and a comparable return on average 
capital employed after tax (ROACE) of above 15 per cent. annually over the long term. On 19 June 2023, Neste announced 
that it had updated its dividend policy according to which Neste's target is to pay a competitive and over time growing 
dividend. According to the former dividend policy, Neste would distribute at least 50 per cent. of Neste's comparable net 
profit for the year in the form of dividends.  
On 19 June 2023, Neste further announced a new improvement target for the Neste Excellence programme. The new target 
is to create over EUR 350 million of additional value by the end of 2026, compared to 2022 acting as the new base year. 
For more information on the organisational change completed in 2024, see "—Description of Operations by Business 
Area—Organisational Change Process".

--- Page 86 ---
78 
 
 
The strategic objectives and financial targets above include Alternative Performance Measures (as defined herein). For 
more information on the basis of calculation and reasons for the use of the Alternative Performance Measures, see 
"Alternative Performance Measures and Other Key Performance Indicators". 
These strategic objectives and financial targets are not guarantees of future financial performance. Neste's actual 
results of operations could differ materially from those expressed or implied by these targets as a result of many factors, 
including but not limited to those described under "Risk Factors". Any objectives and targets discussed herein are 
objectives and targets only and are not, and should not be viewed as, forecasts, projections, estimates or views of Neste's 
future performance. 
Neste's Sustainability Vision 
Neste's sustainability vision is built on the following: 
 
Climate: Neste aims to lead transformation towards a carbon-neutral value chain (scope 1–3) by 2040 (see also 
"—Neste's Strategy" above). 
 
Biodiversity: Neste aims to drive a positive impact on biodiversity and aims to achieve a nature positive value 
chain by 2040 (Nature positive aims at halting and reversing biodiversity loss, positive biodiversity outweighing 
negative ones). 
 
Human rights: Neste strives to create a more equitable and inclusive value chain by 2030 in which everyone 
works with dignity. 
 
Supply chain and raw materials: Neste aims to drive safe and healthy workplace, fair labour practices and 
increased sustainability commitment across the supply chain. 
Credit Ratings 
On 11 December 2023, Moody's affirmed Neste's A3 long-term issuer rating. 
Description of Operations by Business Area 
Organisational Change Process 
On 13 March 2024, Neste announced that it had completed its organisational change process, which was announced on 
1 November 2023. Neste informed that it will merge its three renewable business units into one Renewable Products 
business unit as well as restructure its functions to better support business-driven ways of working. The organisational 
change does not affect the Group's reporting segments. 
With the more simplified organisational structure and operational model, Neste aims to secure the execution of its growth 
strategy with improved cost efficiency and to strengthen its long-term competitiveness. The planned organisational changes 
are expected to lead to a reduction of approximately 400 job roles globally. 
The restructuring is expected to result in total annual cost savings of approximately EUR 50 million going forward. Neste 
communicated on its Capital Markets Day in June 2023 that it is targeting over EUR 350 million value creation with its 
Neste Excellence programme by the end of 2026, compared to the year 2022 acting as the new base year. The organisational 
changes and a more streamlined development portfolio discussed above are key steps in the Neste Excellence programme. 
The organisational changes also impacted the structure and composition of the Executive Committee of Neste. See “Board 
of Directors and Management—Executive Committee”. 
Business Areas and Common Functions 
Neste's operations are built around three business areas and five common functions. The business areas act as profit centres 
and are responsible for their respective customers, products and business development. Neste's business areas are: 
Renewable Products, Oil Products and Marketing & Services. The common functions are: Renewables Supply Chain and 
Sustainability, Technology and Projects, Finance, Strategy and IT, HR, Safety and Communications, and Legal. The 
common functions are responsible for supporting the business areas and other organisations, and ensure their cost 
efficiency, transparency, and harmonisation of procedures across the Group, and for overseeing the use and sufficiency of 
Neste's resources.

--- Page 87 ---
79 
 
 
Renewable Products 
General 
Neste's Renewable Products business area markets and sells renewable diesel, sustainable aviation fuel, renewable solvents 
and feedstock for bioplastics to the domestic and international wholesale markets. Neste's main market areas are Europe 
and North America, and it is expanding in the Asia-Pacific region (APAC). Neste's customers include retailers, wholesale 
customers such as transportation service companies, municipalities and other fleet owners or operators, airlines, airports, 
aviation fuel suppliers and corporate business travellers, as well as polymers and chemicals producers. 
The Renewable Products business area's key strengths are: 
 
High-quality renewable diesel, SAF, renewable and recycled feedstock for the polymers and chemicals industry, 
as well as other renewable products and solutions to significantly reduce GHG emissions and reliance on 
fossil-based alternatives; 
 
Chemical recycling technology helps combat plastic waste and enable recycled content in demanding applications; 
 
Capability of establishing value chain partnerships to develop chemical recycling of hard-to-recycle plastic and 
to enable production of new high-quality polymers and chemicals from waste plastic; 
 
An extensive global supply network for a wide variety of renewable raw materials with waste and residues 
accounting for 92 per cent. (95 per cent. in 2022) of Neste's renewable raw materials inputs globally in 2023; 
 
Capability of pre-treating low-quality waste and residue raw materials to enable their use in the production of 
high-quality products; and 
 
Global customer base extending over multiple sectors. 
The Renewable Products business area's main demand factors are: 
 
Increasing introduction of renewable energy requirements and/or emission reduction targets by governments for 
the transportation sector. This is especially the case in the EU, where, for example, SAF will be mandated; 
 
Regulators working on recycled content targets to promote circularity; 
 
Leading companies and brands wanting to reduce their own emissions and providing their customers with more 
sustainable products based on renewable and circular solutions; and 
 
Increasing societal pressure from consumers who want to see a reduction in fossil fuel use and increase in the use 
of products made from recycled materials. This is particularly related to the global plastic waste challenge. 
Neste's main competitors include other renewable diesel and SAF producers, as well as producers of conventional biodiesel, 
and other providers of renewable and circular solutions for the polymers and chemicals sectors. 
Renewable Products 
Sustainable Aviation Fuel 
Neste MY Sustainable Aviation Fuel™ (a SAF) provides a solution for reducing GHG emissions of air travel and 
transportation. Using the fuel in neat form (i.e., 100 per cent. concentration) reduces GHG emissions by up to 80 per cent. 
over the fuel's life cycle compared to using fossil jet fuel (calculation method: CORSIA (a harmonised way to reduce 
emissions from international aviation established by the International Civil Aviation Organization)). Neste is actively 
working with partners in the aviation supply chain to grow the availability of SAF for the aviation industry globally. 
Neste MY Sustainable Aviation Fuel™ is used by commercial airlines in Europe, North America and Asia-Pacific, 
including Lufthansa, Air France-KLM, IAG, Finnair, American Airlines, United Airlines and cargo carriers such as DHL 
Group, Cargolux and Amazon PrimeAir. It is available at an increasing number of major airports, including San Francisco 
International Airport, Los Angeles International Airport, Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, Frankfurt Airport, Narita 
International Airport and Singapore Changi Airport. With the expansion of the Singapore refinery and ongoing 
modification of the Rotterdam refinery, Neste expects to achieve an annual SAF production capability of 1.5 million tonnes 
by the end of 2024. Furthermore, the ongoing Rotterdam refinery expansion is projected to increase the capacity to 
2.2 million tonnes in 2026. Thereafter Neste sees further opportunities to expand its SAF production capability at its 
existing refineries and over the longer term through its innovation platforms.

--- Page 88 ---
80 
 
 
On 4 March 2024, Neste announced that it launched its new emission reduction solution, Neste Impact, for businesses 
looking to reduce the carbon footprint of their air travel and transport activities. 
Neste MY Sustainable Aviation Fuel™ is chemically similar to conventional jet fuel and it is fully compatible with the 
existing jet engines and fuel distribution infrastructure when blended with fossil jet fuel. The fuel complies with the strict 
safety and quality requirements of the aviation sector and is certified under ASTM D7566. Neste MY Sustainable Aviation 
Fuel™ has excellent storage properties, oxidation stability remains the same for many years in neat form, which enables 
long-term storage. 
Renewable Polymers and Chemicals 
Neste RE™ is a drop-in solution made with renewable and recycled raw materials to replace fossil feedstock in the 
production of polymers and chemicals. Plastics based on Neste RE are of identical quality to those made from conventional 
feedstock. Neste RE™ can be produced via two routes: (i) renewable Neste RE™ is made from 100 per cent. bio-based 
materials such as waste and residue oils and fats; and (ii) recycled Neste RE™ is made from chemically recycled plastic 
waste.  
Neste RE™, produced from 100 per cent. renewable raw materials, has more than a 85 per cent. smaller carbon footprint 
over its life cycle than conventional fossil raw materials commonly used in polymers and chemicals production (source: 
Life cycle assessment on environmental impacts of Neste RE™ (internal Neste report), June 2021). For the production of 
renewable Neste RE™, Neste's proprietary NEXBTL technology is leveraged. 
Neste RE™ can also be made from chemically recycled hard-to-recycle plastic waste. In a circular plastics value chain, in 
which waste plastic is chemically recycled and the polymers are produced from recycled Neste RE™, GHG emissions are 
reduced by at least 35 per cent. compared to the current scenario in which polymers are produced from virgin fossil raw 
materials and plastic waste is incinerated (source: Life cycle assessment on environmental impacts of chemical recycling 
of waste plastic – Case Neste (internal Neste report), October 2022). To produce recycled Neste RE™, Neste is using a 
new technology: chemical recycling. In December 2023, Neste announced that it had already processed more than 
6,000 tonnes of liquefied waste plastic. A new facility is currently being constructed at Neste's Porvoo refinery with an aim 
to enable the upgrading of 150,000 tonnes of liquefied waste plastic each year. This first phase of Neste's EU Innovation 
Fund backed PULSE project, which sees Neste investing EUR 111 million in total, is expected to be finalised in the first 
half of 2025. In total, PULSE is aiming for an annual capacity to process 400,000 tonnes of liquefied waste plastic. 
Renewable Neste RE™ can be produced at the renewable refineries in Rotterdam, Porvoo or Singapore. Recycled Neste 
RE™ is produced at the crude oil refinery in Porvoo.  
Neste RE™ can be used for plastics and chemicals in a wide range of applications such as toys, sports equipment and 
clothing, food and beverage packaging, personal and home care, automotive, construction, electronics, and medical 
applications.  
Neste is collaborating with industry pioneers to tackle the global plastics challenge and to replace fossil feedstocks with 
more sustainable ones in the production of polymers and chemicals. 
Renewable Diesel 
Neste MY Renewable Diesel™ is a drop-in solution for all diesel-powered vehicles that is fully compatible with all diesel 
engines and the diesel fuel distribution infrastructure. Neste MY Renewable Diesel™ is made from renewable raw 
materials such as used cooking oil, animal fat from food industry waste, and vegetable oils and can help reduce GHG 
emissions by as much as 75–95 per cent. compared to fossil diesel over the fuel's life cycle. The GHG emission reduction 
varies depending on the region-specific legislation that provides the methodology for the calculations (for example, EU 
RED II 2018/2001/EU for Europe and California LCFS for the United States), and the raw material mix used to manufacture 
the product for each market. Neste's proprietary NEXBTL technology used for refining Neste MY Renewable Diesel™ is 
an innovation developed and patented by Neste. 
Neste MY Renewable Diesel™ has a similar chemical composition to fossil diesel. This means that the fuel is a drop-in 
replacement for fossil diesel. The fuel can be blended in any ratio with fossil diesel or used neat (i.e., 100 per cent. 
concentration). Neste MY Renewable Diesel™ delivers the same high performance and range as fossil diesel, but with 
cleaner combustion and without impurities like sulphur, oxygen, or aromatic compounds. With proper handling it can be 
stored over long periods of time with zero risk of product quality deterioration or microbial growth. Neste MY Renewable 
Diesel™ is suitable for very cold weather conditions, up to -34°C. Due to the high cetane number of Neste MY Renewable 
Diesel™, particle filter degeneration will decrease and exhaust emissions will be reduced. 
As at 31 December 2023, Neste MY Renewable Diesel™ was available in Finland at approximately 187 stations, in the 
Baltics at approximately 39 stations and was sold at more than 500 stations via channel partners in Sweden, Denmark, 
Belgium, the Netherlands, the United States, Germany and France.

--- Page 89 ---
81 
 
 
Renewable Raw Materials 
Neste uses a wide variety of globally sourced sustainable renewable raw materials, and waste and residues accounted for 
92 per cent. of Neste's global renewable raw material inputs in 2023. One of Neste's competitive advantages is the capability 
of efficiently sourcing, transporting and flexibly using various mixes of renewable raw materials to produce a wide range 
of high-quality renewable products with the proprietary NEXBTL™ refining technology. Another advantage is Neste's 
capability of pretreating low-quality raw materials to remove impurities. This enables Neste to use even lower-quality 
waste and residue raw materials. 
Animal fat from food industry waste, used cooking oil and various wastes and residues from vegetable oils processing 
represent the top three waste and residue raw material categories Neste uses, based on their current and estimated shares 
of Neste's total annual renewable raw material inputs. However, the proportions of individual raw materials in Neste's 
refining, vary from year to year, depending on their availability, price and specific market requirements, for example. Other 
waste and residue raw materials in Neste's portfolio include fish fat from fish processing waste, tall-oil-based raw materials, 
technical corn oil (TCO), food waste and acid oils. In addition to waste and residues, Neste uses smaller amounts of 
sustainably produced vegetable oils as renewable raw materials.  
Neste sources renewable raw materials globally for its renewables refineries in Finland, the Netherlands and Singapore, 
and for its joint operation in California in the United States. Neste's Supplier Code of Conduct outlines the basic 
requirements Neste expects its suppliers and their first tier suppliers, contractors and business partners to adhere to and 
implement throughout their businesses. All of Neste's renewable raw material suppliers are also subject to rigorous 
sustainability due diligence. 
Examples of wastes and residues that are included in Neste's raw material portfolio: 
 
Used cooking oil: Used cooking oil (UCO) consists of oils and fats of a vegetable or animal origin that have been 
used by the food industry or restaurants to cook food for human consumption. UCO is considered a waste as it is 
no longer fit for human consumption for food hygiene reasons. 
Neste sources UCO globally from collectors and aggregators in multiple countries in APAC, Europe and the 
United States, among others.  
In 2020, Neste completed the acquisition of Mahoney Environmental, a leading collector and recycler of UCO in 
the United States, and its affiliated entities. The successful integration and continuous expansion of Mahoney's 
activities helps Neste gain access to a substantial volume of used cooking oil and grow its raw material supply 
chain in North America. In addition, Neste completed in 2023 the acquisition of SeQuential Environmental 
Services, and its affiliated entities and assets, expanding the UCO collection and aggregation network over the 
U.S. West Coast. 
 
Animal fat from food industry waste: Animal fat from food industry waste is derived from the food industry's 
meat processing waste. Neste sources mixed animal fat waste that is unsuitable for human consumption, and it 
sources it globally. 
In 2021, Neste acquired Agri Trading, one of the largest independent renewable waste and residue fat and oil 
traders in the United States and, in 2022, Neste completed the acquisition of Walco Foods Ltd., an Irish trader of 
animal fats. The completion of these transactions complements Neste's acquisition of 51 per cent. of the shares in 
the Dutch animal fat trader Neste Demeter B.V. (previously known as IH Demeter) in 2018. In 2023, Neste 
increased its ownership of Neste Demeter B.V. to 80 per cent. and agreed to acquire the remaining shares over the 
next few years. The acquisitions of Neste Demeter B.V., Agri Trading and Walco Foods Ltd support Neste's raw 
material growth and enhance Neste's supply of global waste and residue raw materials. 
 
Vegetable oil processing waste and residues: Many vegetable oil processing wastes and residues can be used as 
raw materials to produce Neste's renewable products, including palm fatty acid distillate (PFAD), spent bleaching 
earth oil (SBEO), empty fruit bunch oil (EFBO) and palm oil mill effluent (POME).  
PFAD is a processing residue derived from the final stages of refining food-grade palm oil. It consists of degraded 
fats, free fatty acids, that need to be removed before palm oil meets the food industry's quality standards in terms 
of taste, smell, colour, and shelf life. SBEO consists of oil waste recovered from spent bleaching earth that is used 
in the refining processes of various vegetable oils. POME oil is waste derived from palm oil mill effluent; it 
consists of the remaining oily waste skimmed from the palm oil mill's wastewater. Empty fruit bunches (EFBs) 
are the remains of the oil palm's fresh fruit bunches after the fruit has been stripped for oil pressing. Residual oil 
can be recovered from the EFBs, and this oil is referred to as "EFBO". 
 
Vegetable oils: The share of vegetable oils of Neste's renewable material inputs in 2023 was 8 per cent., with palm 
oil representing approximately 2 per cent. In line with its target communicated in 2021, Neste reduced its refinery

--- Page 90 ---
82 
 
 
inputs of conventional palm oil (crude and refined palm oil) to zero at the end of 2023 and does not plan to use 
them as raw materials in the future. The share of waste and residue raw materials is expected to stay above 
90 per cent. of Neste's global renewable raw material inputs in the coming years, while in the longer term, the 
growth in novel vegetable oils' availability may increase the share of sustainably produced vegetable oils. 
Refineries for Renewable Products 
Neste has invested heavily in renewable products production capacity based on its proprietary NEXBTL technology and 
now Neste operates, according to management estimates, the world's two largest renewable diesel refineries, in Singapore 
and in Rotterdam, the Netherlands. Neste also produces renewable diesel in its renewable diesel production units at the 
Porvoo refinery. Additionally, Neste has a joint operation together with Marathon to produce renewable diesel in the United 
States. 
Neste produces renewable products at its refineries in Finland, the Netherlands, Singapore and the United States (by virtue 
of the joint operation with Marathon in Martinez, California) entirely from renewable raw materials and a total nameplate 
production capacity for renewable products of 5.5 million tonnes per year is targeted to be reached by the end of 2024. The 
renewable products refineries in Singapore, Rotterdam and the refinery in Porvoo as well as the Martinez joint operation 
produced in aggregate 3,618 million tonnes of renewable products in 2023, corresponding to an aggregate capacity 
utilisation of 98 per cent. of own production. Neste's refineries have scheduled maintenance turnarounds from time to time 
(see "Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Neste's Business Operations—A production interruption at Neste's refineries and 
plants could have a material adverse effect on Neste."). 
Neste announced its final investment decision with respect to the additional renewable products production capacity in 
Singapore in December 2018. Neste announced in May 2023 that the EUR 1.6 billion Singapore expansion project had 
been successfully completed and that the start-up of the refinery expansion was completed in mid-April 2023. The 
production line at the expanded part of the Singapore refinery was shut down in June 2023 for unexpected equipment 
repairs and in September 2023, Neste announced that the ramp-up had been slowed down due to additional equipment 
inspection and repair works. In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Singapore new line utilisation rate increased according to 
expectation to approximately 75 per cent. The new line in Singapore is scheduled to have an eight-week maintenance 
shutdown in the fourth quarter of 2024, after which full capacity is expected to be reached. The Singapore refinery 
expansion is expected to double Neste's production capacity in Singapore and bring the refinery's total capacity to 
2.6 million tonnes annually of which up to one million tonnes can be SAF. In 2021, Neste acquired Bunge Loders 
Croklaan's refinery plant in Rotterdam. The acquired refinery increases Neste's raw material pre-treatment capacity for the 
production of renewable products. 
Neste also has an ongoing project to modify its existing renewable products production capacity in Rotterdam to enable 
production of SAF. The Rotterdam SAF project is expected to support SAF sales from the third quarter of 2024 onwards. 
Furthermore, on 27 June 2022, Neste announced that it had made the final investment decision to invest into new renewable 
products production capacity in Rotterdam. According to management estimates, Neste's current total nameplate 
production capacity for renewable products of 1.4 million tonnes per year in Rotterdam is the largest in Europe. The 
Rotterdam refinery expansion is expected to require an investment of approximately EUR 1.9 billion and is expected to 
expand Neste's total production capacity for renewable products by 1.3 million tonnes per year, bringing the total nameplate 
production capacity for renewable products in Rotterdam to 2.7 million tonnes per year, of which the SAF production 
capacity is expected to be 1.2 million tonnes. Neste's target is to start up the new production unit during the first half of 
2026. 
On 21 September 2022, Neste announced that it had finalised the transaction to establish a 50/50 joint operation for 
production of renewable fuels with Marathon in the United States. The joint operation, called Martinez Renewables, 
commenced production in Martinez, California, in 2023. Neste's total investment is expected to be approximately 
EUR 0.9 billion (USD 1.0 billion). Neste and Marathon have joint control over the joint arrangement’s relevant activities, 
and the production output will be divided equally between Neste and Marathon. Pretreatment capabilities started to operate 
in the second half of 2023, and the facility is expected to increase Neste's renewable products capacity by slightly over 
1 million tonnes per year. Martinez Renewables facility is currently operating at slightly below 50 per cent. of nameplate 
capacity, following the fire at the end of 2023, but targeted to reach approximately 75 per cent. of nameplate capacity 
during the third quarter of 2024 and 100 per cent. by the end of 2024. Work is ongoing to proceed with repairs to ensure 
safe and reliable operations. In the initial phase, the main feedstock for Martinez Renewables is expected to be primarily 
sustainably sourced soybean oil, but the share of waste and residue raw materials is expected to increase after the 
pre-treatment capabilities come online. 
Neste's Singapore expansion project and the Martinez Renewables joint operation have increased Neste's current total 
nameplate production capacity for renewable products and 5.5 million tonnes per year is targeted to be reached by the end 
of 2024. According to management estimates, Neste will be the only global provider of renewable fuels and renewable 
feedstock for polymers and chemicals with a production footprint on three continents. When completed, the Rotterdam

--- Page 91 ---
83 
 
 
expansion project is expected to further increase Neste's total nameplate production capacity for renewable products to 
6.8 million tonnes per year by the end of 2026. 
For information on the transformation of the Porvoo refinery to a renewable and circular solutions refining site, see "—
Description of Operations by Business Area—Oil Products—Fossil Fuel Refineries" below. 
Oil Products 
Overview 
The Oil Products business area includes high-quality oil products and related services for the road transportation, non-road 
uses, aviation and marine sectors, as well as for the oil and petrochemical industries. The product range includes diesel, 
gasoline, aviation and marine fuels, light and heavy fuel oils, gasoline components, and special fuels such as small-engine 
gasoline, solvents, liquid gases and bitumens. Oil products are refined in Neste's refinery in Porvoo, Finland. Neste's 
ambition is to make the Porvoo refinery the most sustainable refinery in Europe by 2030. A strategic roadmap for 
transitioning the Porvoo refinery to a renewable and circular solutions refining site by mid-2030s was announced in 
December 2023. In 2023, the Oil Products business area had a crude oil refining capacity of approximately 10 million 
tonnes per year, producing approximately 12 million tonnes of products per year. In 2023, the Group's major crude oil and 
fossil feedstock source was Norway. 
The Oil Products business area's key strengths are: 
 
Extensive selection of high-quality fossil solutions; 
 
Increasing flexibility in processing challenging raw materials; 
 
Technologically advanced refinery enabling high value product generation; and 
 
Capability to scale-up new technologies and process innovative raw materials. 
The Oil Products business area's main demand factors are: 
 
Increasing demand for solutions containing both fossil and renewable products; 
 
Customers requiring flexibility in the supply chain; and 
 
Supply security in turbulent market conditions. 
The main market areas for the Oil Products business area are the Baltic Sea area, Europe and the Americas, and customers 
include retailers and distributors, oil majors and trading companies, petrochemicals companies and companies marketing 
lubricants and solvents. The business area's main competitors include refineries in Northwest Europe and market 
participants importing oil products to Northwest Europe. According to management estimates, the Oil Products business 
area holds a strong position in the Baltic Sea wholesale markets. 
Fossil Fuel Refineries 
Neste's fossil fuel refinery is located in Porvoo, Finland. In March 2021, Neste ended refining operations at its refinery in 
Naantali, Finland, but port and distribution operations continue. 
Neste's Porvoo refinery is among the most efficient and versatile refineries in Europe and processes both crude oil and 
renewable raw materials into more than a hundred products to customers globally. The refinery has a crude refining capacity 
of approximately 10 million tonnes per year. In addition, other feedstocks are transported to Porvoo, resulting in a total 
nameplate production capacity of approximately 12 million tonnes per year. 
Neste has an ambition to make Porvoo the most sustainable refinery in Europe by 2030. Neste aims to reduce the refinery's 
GHG emissions (Scope 1 & 2) by at least 50 per cent. by 2030 (compared to 2019 baseline) and aims to reach carbon 
neutral production by 2035. Neste is also introducing liquefied waste plastic and renewable raw materials at its oil refinery 
in Porvoo. 
A strategic roadmap to transition the Porvoo refinery to a renewable and circular solutions refining site by the mid-2030s 
was announced in December 2023. The targeted transformation would result in a discontinuation of crude oil refining. 
Neste expects the long-term capacity potential after the transformation to be approximately 3 million tonnes of renewable 
and circular products, such as renewable diesel, sustainable aviation fuel and both renewable and circular feedstock for the 
polymers and chemicals industry. The total investment estimate for the transformation roadmap is approximately 
EUR 2.5 billion. As an example of planned first steps in the transformation, Neste is in the basic engineering phase of a 
large green hydrogen facility in the Porvoo refinery.

--- Page 92 ---
84 
 
 
Logistics 
Neste transports, stores, and handles millions of tonnes of feedstocks and end products annually and provides logistics 
services for the supply of raw materials to Neste's refineries and for the transport of refined renewable and oil products 
from its refineries to various destinations globally. Almost all transportation of feedstocks and end products, whether 
marine or inland, is outsourced to third party logistics service providers. Neste is constantly exploring solutions to improve 
the optimisation of its logistics network and enhance its understanding of logistics emissions sources. Neste's ambition is 
to expand the adoption of low-emission solutions and improve fuel efficiency in collaboration with its logistics partners. 
Safety in logistics is managed through selection and auditing of logistics service providers transporting or storing the cargo. 
Further, Neste aims to ensure that the transport fleet is in appropriate condition, and that employees know how to act safely 
in all situations at all times. 
Neste has separate transportation safety principles for road, rail, and marine transportations. Transportation service 
providers are audited regularly. In addition, safety management systems are subject to regular audits by various authorities 
and customers. 
Marketing & Services 
The Marketing & Services business area offers sustainable, lower-emission and digital solutions for the needs of 
consumers, companies and partners in Finland and in the Baltic countries. Neste MY Renewable Diesel™, which is used 
for transport, heavy machinery, agriculture and heating purposes, Neste MY Sustainable Aviation Fuel™ and Neste's 
electric vehicle charging solutions and emission calculation and reporting solution, Neste MY Carbon Footprint™ service, 
all create value for customers. Neste seeks to develop a diverse range of services aiming to provide the best customer 
experience. 
The main market areas for the Marketing & Services business area are Finland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, and 
customers include private customers, transportation services, aviation industry, shipping, industrial and agricultural sectors. 
According to management estimates, the Marketing & Services business area has a leading market position in Finland and 
it is among the leading operators in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. 
Traffic fuels are marketed through Neste's own service station network and direct sales. As at 31 December 2023, Neste 
had a station network of 722 stations in Finland and 226 stations in the Baltic countries. As at 31 December 2023, in 
Finland, Neste MY Renewable Diesel™ was available at 187 stations and in the Baltics at 39 stations and publicly available 
electric vehicle high-power charging, Neste MY Renewable Charging, was available at 13 stations across Finland and the 
Baltics. 
The Marketing & Services business area's key strengths are: 
 
High-quality customer experience enhanced by digitalisation and innovations; 
 
High-quality and sustainable solutions: Neste MY Renewable Diesel™ and Neste MY Sustainable Aviation 
Fuel™; 
 
Extensive electric vehicle charging solutions in Finland; Neste Charge™, a B2B electric vehicles charging 
solution and a workplace charging solution and a public high power charging solution for light and medium-duty 
electric vehicles, Neste MY Renewable Charging™; 
 
Strong brand and extensive station network in Finland and in the Baltic countries; and 
 
Solutions like Neste ReNew™ lubricants and Neste MY Carbon Footprint service that create additional value for 
customers. 
The Marketing & Services business area's main demand factors are: 
 
Legislation requiring more sustainable energy solutions; 
 
Developments in traffic and transportation volumes; and 
 
Customers' growing expectations of services and more sustainable solutions. 
The Marketing & Services business area's main competitors include other large retailers in Finland and in the Baltic 
countries. Marketing & Services is led through an internal board and its Executive Vice President is not a member of the 
Executive Committee.

--- Page 93 ---
85 
 
 
Innovation 
Innovation has enabled Neste's transformation towards global leadership in renewable and circular solutions, and it is the 
driving force of Neste's strategy to ensure the Group's future success. Neste committed itself to adopting advanced 
technologies many years ago and has a long track record in developing lower-emissions traffic fuels. Neste's core approach 
is to convert low quality raw materials into high-quality solutions and Neste continuously works towards increasing the 
availability of renewable and recycled raw materials, while also developing technologies to diversify its current raw 
material portfolio. Neste is advancing its research and innovation work across multiple areas including algae, 
lignocellulose, liquefied waste plastic, novel vegetable oils from regenerative agricultural practices, Power-to-X, and 
renewable hydrogen. These globally scalable raw material pools, together with related technologies, will play an important 
role in further reducing dependence on crude oil and tackling climate change. 
In addition to exploring new growth opportunities, Neste constantly develops, tests and analyses its existing renewable and 
circular solutions. In 2023, nearly 25 per cent. of Neste's personnel worked in innovation, research, product development 
and engineering. Neste invests the majority of its annual research and development (R&D) expenditure in innovation, 
research and development, and testing raw materials and the technologies that could enable their use. In 2023, Neste's R&D 
expenditure was EUR 94 million. 
In 2022, the establishment of a new APAC innovation centre in Singapore progressed as planned, and it became operational 
in early 2023. The centre focuses on research into raw materials and the pretreatment processes and drives collaboration 
with partners in the Asia-Pacific region. Neste's Technology Centre in Porvoo, Finland continues to serve as a vital R&D 
facility focusing on the entire value chain, from raw materials to end products. In the spring of 2022, the R&D organisation 
also supported the major change in the Porvoo refinery crude oil portfolio to stop and entirely replace the use of Russian 
crude oil with other crude oils. 
Innovation requires partnership and cooperation. Neste is collaborating with a network of 37 leading universities and 
research institutes and continues to expand and intensify cooperation with them. Neste works with technology companies, 
startups and value chain partners to introduce innovations in renewable and circular solutions to global-scale businesses. 
Neste has also established corporate venture activities to invest in technology startups. 
Neste continuously searches for even lower-quality waste and residues for use in the production of fuels, polymers and 
chemicals. In the short to mid-term, Neste aims to increase the availability of emerging lower-quality waste and residues 
such as acid oils and wastewater-derived grease (i.e., "brown grease"). Neste is also exploring novel vegetable oils from 
regenerative agricultural practices. In the long term, renewable hydrogen, lignocellulosic waste and residues, algae, and 
municipal solid waste are all viable sustainable raw material alternatives. 
Payment of Dividends 
The Annual General Meeting held on 27 March 2024 approved the Board of Directors' proposal that a dividend of EUR 1.20 
per share will be paid on the basis of the approved balance sheet for 2023. The dividend will be paid in two instalments. 
The first instalment of the dividend was paid on 9 April 2024. The second instalment of the dividend will be paid on 
9 October 2024. The Board of Directors was authorised to set a new dividend record date and payment date for the second 
instalment of the dividend, in case the rules and regulations on the Finnish book-entry system would be changed, or 
otherwise so require. 
Recent Developments 
Changes in the President and CEO 
On 29 April 2024, Neste announced that the Board of Directors of Neste and Matti Lehmus, President and Chief Executive 
Officer (CEO) of Neste since May 2022, had reached a mutual agreement that Mr. Lehmus will step down from his 
positions as the President and CEO. In order to secure an orderly transition until the new President and CEO is appointed, 
Mr. Lehmus will continue in his roles as President and CEO until his successor takes over. 
On 2 May 2024, Neste announced that the Board of Directors of Neste has appointed Heikki Malinen, M.Sc. (Econ.), MBA 
(Harvard) as the President and CEO of Neste effective as of 2 November 2024 at the latest. Mr. Malinen joins Neste from 
Outokumpu Corporation where he held the position of President and CEO since 2020. Mr. Malinen has been a member of 
the Board of Directors of Neste since 2023, stepping down from this position on 13 June 2024 before assuming the duties 
of the President and CEO. 
On 2 September 2024, Neste announced that it has been agreed that Heikki Malinen will assume the role of Neste's 
President and CEO on 15 October 2024. He succeeds Matti Lehmus, who will continue as the President and CEO of Neste 
until 14 October 2024 and then act as an advisor to the company and its management until mid-November 2024 to ensure 
a smooth transition.

--- Page 94 ---
86 
 
 
Changes in Neste’s Guidance 
Neste Revises Downwards its 2024 Comparable Sales Margin Guidance for Renewable Products 
On 14 May 2024, Neste announced that it revises downwards its 2024 comparable sales margin guidance for Renewable 
Products. The revised 2024 comparable sales margin guidance for Renewable Products is: "Renewable Products' full-year 
2024 average comparable sales margin is expected to be in the range of USD 480–650/ton. " The previous 2024 comparable 
sales margin guidance for Renewable Products was: "Renewable Products' full-year 2024 average comparable sales margin 
is expected to be in the range of USD 600–800/ton". The rest of the guidance for Renewable Products as well as the 
guidance for Oil Products remain unchanged.  
Renewable Products' sales price outlook is affected by a decrease in diesel market price and a continued decrease in US 
bioticket and renewable credit prices during the second quarter of 2024, while waste and residue feedstock prices have 
remained stable. 
On 18 July 2024, Neste further adjusted its 2024 comparable sales margin guidance for Renewable Products in its 2024 
Half-Year Report, stating that Renewable Products' full-year 2024 average comparable sales margin is now expected to be 
in the range of USD 480–580/ton. 
Neste Revises Downwards its 2024 Guidance for Renewable Products 
On 11 September 2024, Neste announced that it revises downwards its 2024 guidance for Renewable Products further. 
Renewable Products' sales prices have been negatively affected by a substantial decrease in diesel market price during the 
third quarter of 2024. At the same time, waste and residue feedstock prices have not decreased, and renewable product 
market price premiums have remained weak. Renewable Products' total sales volume and SAF sales volume forecasts are 
also revised based on Neste's latest sales outlook. Neste will optimize its production capacity utilization in Renewable 
Products according to the market situation. 
The revised 2024 guidance for Renewable Products is: "Renewable Products' total sales volume is expected to increase 
from 2023 and to reach approximately 3.9 Mt (+/- 5 per cent.) in 2024, out of which SAF sales volume is expected to be 
0.35–0.55 Mton. Renewable Products' full-year 2024 average comparable sales margin is expected to be in the range of 
USD 360–480/ton". 
The previous 2024 guidance for Renewable Products was: "Renewable Products' total sales volume is expected to increase 
from 2023 and to reach approximately 4.4 Mt (+/- 10 per cent.) in 2024, out of which SAF sales volume is expected to be 
0.5–0.7 Mton. Renewable Products' full-year 2024 average comparable sales margin is expected to be in the range of USD 
480–580/ton". 
Oil Products' guidance for 2024 remains unchanged. 
Sustainability Report 
In accordance with the EU's Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) and complementary national legislation, 
Neste will publish a Sustainability Report for the first time for the financial year ending 31 December 2024. In accordance 
with a proposal by the Board of Directors of the Issuer, KPMG Oy Ab, Authorised Sustainability Audit Firm, was elected 
in the Annual General Meeting held on 27 March 2024 as Neste's Sustainability Reporting Assurer, with Authorised Public 
Accountant, Authorised Sustainability Auditor Leenakaisa Winberg as the principally responsible sustainability reporting 
assurer for Neste, until the end of the next Annual General Meeting of shareholders. 
Recent Market Developments 
The uncertainty in the global economic outlook and geopolitical situation continues to create market volatility. The 
renewables market is expected by the Issuer to be significantly weaker in 2024 than in 2023, negatively impacting on 
Neste's results in the second quarter of 2024. The turnaround of Neste's Porvoo refinery drove lower sales volumes in the 
second quarter of 2024 compared to the second quarter of 2023 negatively impacting Neste's revenue. In Renewable 
Products, bioticket and renewable credit prices and renewable diesel price premiums are expected to remain at a low level 
in 2024 compared to 2023 and feedstock prices are expected to remain volatile. Compared to the first quarter of 2024, 
middle distillate prices, U.S. bioticket and renewable credit prices as well as renewable spot premiums in Europe have 
decreased further in the second quarter of 2024. In the third quarter of 2024, Renewable Products' sales prices have been 
further negatively affected by a substantial decrease in diesel price. In Oil Products, the refining market continues to be 
impacted by geopolitical tensions. 
To manage fixed cost, Neste have taken systematic cost efficiency improvement initiatives and for example in the first 
quarter of 2024, Neste completed its organisational change process.

--- Page 95 ---
87 
 
 
Material Contracts 
There are no contracts that have been entered into by Neste or its subsidiaries outside the ordinary course of business that 
are, or may be, material or which contain provisions under which any member of the Neste group has any obligation or 
entitlement that is material to Neste's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes (other than contracts entered into in 
the ordinary course of business). 
Group Structure 
Neste Corporation is the parent company of the Neste group. The following table sets forth Neste's subsidiaries as at 
31 December 2023:  
 
Group holding 
Country of 
incorporation 
(per cent.)
B J B, LLC ......................................................................................................................................................
100.00
USA
Kiinteistö Oy Espoon Keilaranta 21................................................................................................................
100.00
Finland
Mahoney Environmental Solutions, LLC........................................................................................................
100.00
USA
Mahoney Transportation Services LLC...........................................................................................................
100.00
USA
Navidom Oy....................................................................................................................................................
50.00
Finland
NERM Solutions India Private Limited...........................................................................................................
100.00
India
Neste (Shanghai) Trading Company Limited..................................................................................................
100.00
China
Neste (Suisse) S.A...........................................................................................................................................
100.00
Switzerland
Neste AB.........................................................................................................................................................
100.00
Sweden
Neste Affiliate B.V..........................................................................................................................................
100.00
The Netherlands
Neste Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd..............................................................................................................................
100.00
Singapore
Neste Australia Pty Ltd ...................................................................................................................................
100.00
Australia
Neste Belgium NV..........................................................................................................................................
100.00
Belgium
Neste Brazil LTDA .........................................................................................................................................
100.00
Brazil
Neste Canada Inc.............................................................................................................................................
100.00
Canada
Neste Components B.V...................................................................................................................................
100.00
The Netherlands
Neste Demeter B.V. ........................................................................................................................................
80.00
The Netherlands
Neste Eesti AS ................................................................................................................................................
100.00
Estonia
Neste Germany GmbH....................................................................................................................................
100.00
Germany
Neste Insurance Limited..................................................................................................................................
100.00
Guernsey
Neste Italy S.R.L.............................................................................................................................................
100.00
Italy
Neste Markkinointi Oy....................................................................................................................................
100.00
Finland
Neste Netherlands B.V....................................................................................................................................
100.00
The Netherlands
Neste Pretreatment Rotterdam B.V. ................................................................................................................
100.00
The Netherlands
Neste Renewable Products Inc. .......................................................................................................................
100.00
USA
Neste Renewable Solutions US, Inc. ...............................................................................................................
100.00
USA
Neste RPC Solutions US, Inc. .........................................................................................................................
100.00
USA
Neste Shipping Oy ..........................................................................................................................................
100.00
Finland
Neste Singapore Pte. Ltd.................................................................................................................................
100.00
Singapore
Neste Spain S.L...............................................................................................................................................
100.00
Spain
Neste Terminal Rotterdam B.V.......................................................................................................................
100.00
The Netherlands
Neste US, Inc. .................................................................................................................................................
100.00
USA
Neste USA, L.L.C. ..........................................................................................................................................
100.00
USA
Neste Walco Limited.......................................................................................................................................
100.00
Ireland
SIA Neste Latvija............................................................................................................................................
100.00
Latvia
Sterling Logistics, LLC...................................................................................................................................
100.00
USA
UAB Neste Lietuva.........................................................................................................................................
100.00
Lithuania
 
Major Shareholders 
The following table sets forth the number and percentage of shares and voting rights in the Issuer owned by the Issuer's ten 
largest shareholders as at 31 August 2024 based on the Issuer's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd: 
 
Number  
of shares 
Percentage 
(per cent.) 
Prime Minister's Office (Finland) ................................................................................................
340,107,618
44.22
Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company................................................................................
15,846,622
2.06
Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company...........................................................................
14,942,855
1.94
Elo Mutual Pension Insurance Company.....................................................................................
8,937,000
1.16
The Finnish Social Insurance Institution......................................................................................
6,100,272
0.79
Kurikan Kaupunki........................................................................................................................
4,652,625
0.60
The State Pension Fund ...............................................................................................................
4,200,000
0.55
OP-Finland
1,787,431
0.23
Danske Invest Finnish Equity Fund.............................................................................................
1,767,990
0.23
Nordea Bank Abp ........................................................................................................................
1,472,217
0.19

--- Page 96 ---
88 
 
 
Except as set forth in the table above, Neste is not aware of any other person or entity that owns more than 5 per cent. of 
the shares in the Issuer. As at 31 August 2024, the State of Finland (acting through the Prime Minister's Office) held 
44.22 per cent. of the shares and voting rights in the Issuer. To the extent known to Neste, the Issuer is not, directly or 
indirectly, owned or controlled by any one person.

--- Page 97 ---
89 
 
 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT 
General 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006, as amended) and the Articles of Association, the 
control and management of Neste is divided between the Annual General Meeting of shareholders, the Board of Directors, 
and the President and CEO. The ultimate decision-making authority lies with shareholders at the Annual General Meeting 
of shareholders that appoints the members of the Board of Directors, Neste's auditor and Neste's sustainability reporting 
assurer. The Board of Directors of Neste is responsible for Neste's strategy and overseeing and monitoring Neste's business. 
The President and CEO, assisted by the Neste Executive Committee, is responsible for managing Neste's business and 
implementing its strategic and operational targets. In addition to the applicable legislation governing operations of public 
limited liability companies, Neste applies the Finnish Corporate Governance Code. The business address of the members 
of the Board of Directors, the Neste Executive Committee and the President and CEO is c/o Neste Corporation, 
Keilaranta 21, FI-02150 Espoo, Finland. 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors' responsibilities and duties are defined in detail in the Board of Directors' Charter (the Charter). 
According to the Charter, the Board of Directors' main duty is to direct the Group's strategy in a way that enables delivery 
of the financial targets set for the Group and maximises shareholder value and creates a long-term successful business for 
the Group, while simultaneously taking into account the expectations of key stakeholders. To this end, the Board of 
Directors' duties include: 
 
approving the main corporate strategies for the Group; 
 
deciding on matters which are of major significance for Neste and/or the Group, and on such other Group-wide 
matters which may not be deemed to concern the day-to-day management of individual Group companies; 
 
approving Neste's values, policies and the most important principles; 
 
supervision and oversight of the Group, including, among other duties, proper arrangement of the management 
and operations of Neste; 
 
being in charge of financial matters of major significance to the Group, including, among other things, the adoption 
of Neste and the Group's interim and annual accounts and the publication of interim and annual reports and 
financial statements as well as deciding on major investments, acquisitions and divestments; 
 
deciding on matters having a major effect on the corporate organisation, as well as deciding on remuneration, 
nomination and dismissal of the senior executives of the Group; and 
 
deciding, based on the proposal of the Personnel and Remuneration Committee, on compensation and incentive 
systems for the Group management and the key personnel of the Group. 
In accordance with the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors has between five and ten members that are elected 
at the Annual General Meeting of shareholders for a period of office that extends to the following Annual General Meeting 
of shareholders. In accordance with the proposal made by the Shareholders' Nomination Board, the Annual General 
Meeting of shareholders held on 27 March 2024 decided that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be 
ten and the following members were re-elected to serve until the end of the next Annual General Meeting of shareholders: 
Matti Kähkönen, John Abbott, Nick Elmslie, Just Jansz, Heikki Malinen, Eeva Sipilä and Johanna Söderström. Conrad 
Keijzer, Pasi Laine and Sari Mannonen were elected as new members of the Board of Directors to serve until the end of 
the next Annual General Meeting of shareholders. Matti Kähkönen was re-elected as the Chair of the Board of Directors 
and Eeva Sipilä was re-elected as the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors.  
Heikki Malinen stepped down as a member of the Board of Directors as of 13 June 2024 before assuming the duties of the 
President and CEO on 15 October 2024. After Mr. Malinen’s resignation, Neste's Board of Directors comprises nine 
members. 
Chair 
Matti Kähkönen b. 1956, M.Sc. (Engineering) 
Chair of Neste's Board of Directors since 2018 and member of Neste's Board of Directors since 2017.  
Chair of the Board of Directors, the Finnish Fair Corporation 2020–2023. Senior Advisor, Metso Corporation, 2017–2019. 
President and CEO, Metso Corporation, 2011–2017. Executive Vice President and Deputy to the CEO, Metso Corporation, 
2010–2011. President, Mining and Construction Technology, Metso Corporation, 2008–2011. President, Metso Minerals,

--- Page 98 ---
90 
 
 
2006–2008. President, Metso Automation, 2001–2006. President, Metso Automation, Field Systems Division, 1999–2001. 
Prior to 1999, various managerial and development positions at Neles-Jamesbury and Rauma-Repola. 
Chair of the Board of Directors of Kemira Oyj since March 2022.  
Other Members 
John Abbott b. 1960, B.Sc. First Class Honours, Chemical Engineering 
Member of Neste's Board of Directors since 2021. Member of Neste's Audit Committee. 
Downstream Director and a Member of the Executive Committee of Royal Dutch Shell plc, 2013–2019. Executive Vice 
President of Global Manufacturing at Shell, 2012–2013. Executive Vice President of Shell's Upstream Americas Heavy 
Oil business, based in Calgary, Canada, 2008–2012. Vice President Manufacturing (Refining and Chemicals) Excellence 
and Support at Shell based in Houston, United States, 2006–2008. Various positions at Shell in the UK, Singapore, 
Thailand, the Netherlands, Canada, and the United States, predominantly in the areas of Global Manufacturing (Refining 
and Chemicals) as well as Supply, Trading and Distribution, 1981–2006. (In 1994, he was also seconded to the British 
Government for a short assignment). 
Non-Executive Director of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles 2018–2021. Senior Non-Executive Director of the Intercontinental 
Exchange (ICE) Futures Europe since 2021. Non-Executive Director of ICE Clear Europe since 2023. Advisor and 
participant at Mobility Impact Partners (MIP) since 2020. 
Nick Elmslie b. 1957, B.Sc. (Chemistry) 
Member of Neste's Board of Directors since 2020. Member of Neste's Personnel and Remuneration Committee. 
Chief Executive, BP Global Petrochemicals based in Shanghai 2011–2015. Controller, Head of Finance Function, BP 
Downstream 2006–2011. Various directorial positions at BP plc., including Chief Executive, Acetyls Business and 
Business Unit Leader, Head of Chemicals Strategy and CFO, Polymers & Olefins 1992–2006. Various positions at BP plc 
1978–1992. 
Member of the Board and Investor at 3FBio Ltd since 2017, Chair of the Board at 3FBio Ltd since 2023. Member of the 
Supervisory Board of OTI Greentech AG since 2017. Member of the Board of Fosroc Group Holdings Limited since 2009.  
Just Janzs b. 1957, Ph.D. (Chemical Metallurgy), M.Sc. (Mineral Engineering) 
Member of Neste's Board of Directors since 2022. Member of Neste's Audit Committee. 
Independent board member and advisor since 2011. Managing Director of Expertise Beyond Borders since 2011. Member 
of the Board of Circular Plastics NL (Dutch National Growth Fund) 2022–2023.President Technology Business, Basell / 
LyondellBasell 2004–2010. Senior Vice President, Advanced Polyolefins, Basell 2001–2004. Various managerial positions 
at Shell affiliate companies 1989–2000. 
Eeva Sipilä b. 1973, M.Sc. (Econ.), CEFA 
Vice Chair of Neste's Board of Directors since 2023. Member of Neste's Board of Directors since 2022. Chair of Neste's 
Audit Committee. 
Chief Financial Officer, Deputy to CEO, Metso Outotec Corporation 2020–2023. Chief Financial Officer, Deputy to CEO, 
Metso Corporation 2016–2020. Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Cargotec Corporation 2008–2016. 
Senior Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations, Cargotec Corporation 2005–2008. Various positions at 
Metso Corporation, Mandatum Stockbrokers part of Sampo Group and Arkwright AB 1997–2005. 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company since 2021.  
Johanna Söderström b. 1971, M.Sc. (Econ.) 
Member of Neste's Board of Directors since 2020. Chair of Neste's Personnel and Remuneration Committee. 
Executive Vice President, Chief People Officer at Tyson Foods Inc. since 2020. Senior Vice President, Chief Human 
Resources Officer at the Dow Chemical Company 2014–2019. Vice President, Center of Expertise Human Resources at 
the Dow Chemical Company 2012–2014. Various directorial HR positions at Dow Chemical Company, Dow Europe 
GmbH and Dow Chemical Handels- und Vertriebsgesellschaft mbH 2007–2012. Head of Global Compensation & Benefits 
at Huhtamäki Oyj 2006–2007. Various specialist and managerial positions at Dow Europe GmbH, Dow Chemical Handels- 
und Vertriebsgesellschaft mbH and Dow Suomi Oy 1999–2006. Prior to 1999, various specialist positions at Oy L M 
Ericsson Ab.

--- Page 99 ---
91 
 
 
Conrad Keijzer b. 1968, M.Sc. (Industrial Engineering) 
Member of Neste's Board of Directors since 2024. Member of Neste's Audit Committee. 
CEO, Member of the Executive Steering Committee, Clariant, Switzerland, since 2021. CEO and Director, Member of the 
Executive Steering Committee, Imerys, France, 2018–2019. Member of the Executive Committee and Director of 
Performance Coatings, AkzoNobel, the Netherlands, 2013–2018. Several other business leadership roles in the 
Netherlands, Germany, Spain, the U.S. and Mexico, AkzoNobel 1994–2013.  
Member of the Board and Chair of the Nomination Committee of the European Chemical Industry Council (Cefic) since 
2022. Member of the Board of Directors of American Chemistry Council (ACC) since 2022. 
Pasi Laine b. 1963, M.Sc. (Eng.) 
Member of Neste's Board of Directors since 2024. Member of Neste's Personnel and Remuneration Committee. 
President and CEO, Valmet since 2014. Executive Vice President, Deputy to the CEO and President of Metso Pulp, Paper 
and Power, Metso Corporation 2011–2013. Member of the Executive Team, Metso Corporation 2006–2013. Several other 
leadership roles, Metso Corporation 1998–2011. Managing Director, Elsag Bailey Hartmann & Braun Oy 1996–1998. 
Various roles in Finland, Canada, Germany and the United Kingdom, Valmet Corporation 1988–1996. 
Chair of the Board of Directors at Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company since 2020. Vice Chair of the Board of 
Directors at Konecranes Plc. since 2022.  
Sari Mannonen b. 1966, Ph.D. (Biochemistry) 
Member of Neste's Board of Directors since 2024. Member of Neste's Personnel and Remuneration Committee. 
Senior Vice President, New Business & Hydrogen, Helen Ltd since 2024. Senior Vice President, Solutions Business & 
Portfolio Development, Helen Ltd 2020–2024. Vice President, UPM Biofuels 2016–2019. Several leadership roles, UPM 
Biofuels and Living 2011–2016. Senior Vice President, Corporate Sales & Customer Management, Lindström Oy 2007–
2009. Vice President, Sales & Marketing, Biohit Oyj 2002–2007. Several management roles, Biohit Oyj 1995–2001.  
Partner at Hallituspartnerit Helsinki – Board Professionals Finland since 2019. Member of the Board at Lappeenranta-Lahti 
University of Technology LUT, Centre for Separation Technology (CST) since 2020. Member of the Board at Geonova 
Ltd since 2022. Member of the Board at Helen Aurinkopuisto Kalanti Oy & Kalanti Grid Oy since 2022. Member of the 
Board at Korkia Ltd since 2022. Vice Chair of the Board at World Energy Council, WEC Finland since 2022. Member of 
Director's Institute Finland (DIF) – Hallitusammattilaiset ry. since 2023. 
Audit Committee 
Under its Charter, the Audit Committee shall consist of a minimum of three members of the Board of Directors who are 
independent of Neste or any of its subsidiaries and of whom at least one member is independent of significant shareholders. 
The members shall have sufficient knowledge and experience of accounting practices and the preparation of financial 
statements and other qualifications the Board of Directors deems necessary. The Audit Committee is permitted to use 
external consultants and experts when deemed necessary. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Audit 
Committee are Eeva Sipilä (Chair), John Abbott, Conrad Keijzer and Just Jansz. 
The responsibilities and duties of the Audit Committee are defined in detail in the Charter approved by the Board of 
Directors and cover the following main areas: 
 
monitoring Neste's reporting process in relation to the Financial Statements and, to the extent appropriate, interim 
reports; 
 
supervising the financial reporting process; 
 
monitoring the effectiveness of Neste's internal control, internal audit, and risk management systems; 
 
deciding on the nomination and dismissal of the Head of Internal Audit, subject to final approval by the Board of 
Directors; 
 
monitoring Neste's most material risks and ensuring the proper management of Neste's risk management 
processes; 
 
reviewing information and communication technology structure; 
 
monitoring the process and risk relating to information technology security;

--- Page 100 ---
92 
 
 
 
reviewing Neste's Corporate Governance Statement, which includes a description of the main features of the 
internal control and the risk management systems pertaining to the financial reporting process; 
 
monitoring the statutory audit of the Financial Statements and consolidated financial statements; 
 
reviewing and pre-approving of the non-audit services of Neste's statutory auditor in accordance with a separate 
Corporate Policy established thereon by the Board of Directors; 
 
evaluating the independence of Neste's statutory auditor, particularly the provision of related services to Neste to 
be audited; 
 
preparing the proposal or recommendation or resolution on the election of the statutory auditor; 
 
reviewing all the material reports produced by the statutory auditor addressed to Neste or its subsidiaries; 
 
evaluating Neste's compliance with laws and regulations; 
 
approving internal audit policy and reviewing the annual plan for internal audit and internal audit reports; 
 
monitoring Neste's financial position and taxation; and 
 
at the request of the Board of Directors, preparing other issues for the consideration of the Board of Directors. 
Personnel and Remuneration Committee 
The Personnel and Remuneration Committee consists of the Chair of the Board of Directors and at least two non-executive 
members of the Board of Directors. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Personnel and Remuneration 
Committee are Johanna Söderström (Chair), Nick Elmslie, Pasi Laine and Sari Mannonen. 
The responsibilities and duties of the Personnel and Remuneration Committee are defined in detail in the Charter approved 
by the Board of Directors and cover the following main areas: 
 
preparing the appointments of key executive personnel and making proposals to the Board of Directors on 
compensation and incentive systems for key personnel; 
 
preparing and proposing to the Board of Directors the appointments of the President and CEO and the members 
of the Neste Executive Committee, and the terms and conditions of their employment; and 
 
monitoring and evaluating the performance of the President and CEO and the members of the Neste Executive 
Committee. 
President and CEO 
The President and CEO manages Neste's business operations in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act and 
instructions issued by the Board of Directors. The President and CEO shall oversee the executive management of Neste in 
accordance with instructions and orders given by the Board of Directors and is responsible for ensuring that Neste's 
accounts are in compliance with the law and that its financial affairs have been arranged in a reliable manner. 
As announced on 2 May 2024 and 2 September 2024, Neste's Board of Directors has appointed Heikki Malinen as the 
President and CEO effective as of 15 October 2024. As announced on 2 September 2024, Neste's current President and 
CEO Matti Lehmus will continue in his position until 14 October 2024 and then act as an advisor to the company and its 
management until mid-November 2024 to ensure a smooth transition. 
Matti Lehmus b. 1974, eMBA, M.Sc. (Chemical Technology and Polymer Technology) 
President and CEO (2022–2024). Joined Neste in 1998. 
Responsible for the Renewables Platform 2019–2022 and for the Oil Products business area 2014–2019. Executive Vice 
President of the Oil Products and Renewables business area 2011–2014, Executive Vice President of the Oil Products 
business area 2009–2010, Vice President of the Base Oils business in the Specialty Products Division 2007–2009, Vice 
President of Oil Refining Business Development in 2007 and Gasoline Exports and Trading Manager 2004–2007 in the 
Oil Refining Division. 
Member of the National Emergency Supply Council since 2018. 
Heikki Malinen b. 1962, M.Sc. (Econ.), MBA

--- Page 101 ---
93 
 
 
President and CEO, Outokumpu Oyj since 2020. President and CEO, Posti Group Corporation, 2012–2019. President and 
CEO, Pöyry PLC, 2008–2012. Executive Vice President, Strategy, member of the Executive Team, UPM-Kymmene 
Corporation, 2006–2008. President, UPM North America, 2004–2005. President of Sales, UPM North America, 2002–
2003. Managing Partner, Jaakko Pöyry Consulting, New York, USA, 2000–2001. Several directorial and managerial roles 
at, for example, McKinsey & Co and UPM, 1986–1999. 
Vice Chairman, EK, Confederation of Finnish Industries since 2023. Vice Chairman, Technology Finland since 2023. 
Member of Neste's Board of Directors 2023–2024. 
Executive Committee 
The Neste Executive Committee assists the President and CEO in company management and in the deployment of Neste's 
strategic and operational goals. The present members of the Neste Executive Committee consist of the following persons: 
Chair 
Matti Lehmus is the current Chair of the Neste Executive Committee. See "—President and CEO" above. 
Other Members 
Markku Korvenranta b. 1966, M.Sc. (Engineering) 
Executive Vice President, Oil Products business unit. Member of the Executive Committee since 2021. Joined Neste in 
2021. 
SVP, Group Portfolio Development at Marquard & Bahls, in Germany 2019–2021. EVP, Base Chemicals and Member of 
Executive Board at Borealis in Austria 2010–2018. Before that had several directorial and managerial roles at Borealis in 
Austria, Finland, Denmark and Belgium 1994–2010. Has also served in various roles at Neste Chemicals in Finland 1990–
1994.  
Member of the Board of Directors of Oiltanking in Germany since 2021. 
Carl Nyberg b. 1979, M.Sc. (Economics and Business Administration) 
Executive Vice President, Renewables Supply Chain and Sustainability. Interim Executive Vice President, Renewable 
Products business unit as of 8 May 2024. Member of the Executive Committee since 2019. Joined Neste in 2005. 
At Neste, responsible for the Renewables Platform unit 2022–2023 and Renewable Road Transportation business unit 
2019–2022. Previously also served in various other positions at Neste, most recently as Vice President of Sales Scandinavia 
of the Renewable Products business area 2016–2019, Vice President, Supply, Oil Products at Neste Geneva 2014–2016 
and Trading Manager, Crude Oil 2013–2014. Managing Director of Neste AB 2017–2019.  
Member of the Board of Directors of eFuel Alliance e.V. 2021–2023. Member of the Board of Directors of Martinez 
Renewables since 2022. 
Martti Ala-Härkönen b. 1965, Dr.Sc. (Econ.), Lic.Sc. (Tech.) 
Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Finance, Strategy and IT. Member of the Executive Committee since 
2022. Joined Neste in 2022. 
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Finance, M&A and IT) at Caverion Corporation 2016–2022, Chief 
Financial Officer (Finance & Development) at Cramo Plc 2006–2016, Senior Vice President, Finance and Administration 
(CFO) at WM-data Ltd 2004–2006, Chief Financial Officer (Finance & Development) and Senior Vice President Business 
Development at Novo Group Plc 1998–2004 and as Finance Manager and Corporate Finance Manager at Postipankki Plc 
1995–1998.  
Member of the Supervisory Board of Mutual Pension Insurance Company Ilmarinen since 2022. Member of the Board of 
Directors of Digia Plc since 2016, Vice Chair since 2023, Chair of the Audit Committee, Member of the Nomination 
Committee. Member of the Board of Martinez Renewables since 2022, Chair since 2023. 
Hannele Jakosuo-Jansson b. 1966, M.Sc. (Engineering) 
Executive Vice President, Human Resources, Safety and Communications. Member of the Executive Committee since 
2006. Joined Neste in 1990. 
Previously responsible for the Group's Human Resources, Safety and Procurement corporate functions. Vice President, 
Human Resources at Oil Refining 2004–2005 and Laboratory and Research Manager at the Technology Center 1998–2004.

--- Page 102 ---
94 
 
 
Chair of the Skills and Competence Committee of the Chemical Industry Federation of Finland. Vice Chair of the Skilled 
workforce Committee at the Confederation of Finnish Industries EK. Member of the Board of Directors of Finnair Plc, 
Chair of the People and Remuneration Committee of the Finnair Plc since 2021. Directors' Institute of Finland, Senior 
Advisor since 2023. 
Bart Leenders b. 1969, M.Sc. (Mechanical Engineering) 
Executive Vice President, Technology and Projects. Member of the Executive Committee since 2023. Joined Neste in 
2010. 
At Neste, Investment Management and Execution function, including Engineering Solutions and procurement 1–10/2023. 
Previously also served in various other positions at Neste, most recently as Vice President, Global Production, Renewable 
Platform 2015–2022, Interim Managing Director, Neste Singapore 2015 and Managing Director, Neste Netherlands, 
Renewables Business unit 2010–2015. Manufacturing Manager Downstream Operations, Huntsman 2005–2010.  
Member of the Circular Task Force of the Economic Board Zuid-Holland 2021–2023. Member of the Executing Committee 
of national Climate Agreement Mobility and Executing Committee of national Aviation Agreement since 2018. Chair of 
the Dutch Association for Sustainable Biofuels (NVDB) since 2013. Member of the Board at Deltalinqs since 2010, 
Enterprise Association for Mainport Rotterdam, representing Renewables and Chair of the safety domain. Member of the 
Board of Martinez Renewables since 2023. 
Christian Ståhlberg b. 1974, LL.M. 
General Counsel, Executive Vice President, Legal. Member of the Executive Committee since 2017. Joined Neste in 2017. 
Secretary to the Executive Committee, the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee, the Shareholders' Nomination Board 
and to the Stakeholder Advisory Panel. General Counsel of Rettig Group Ltd 2015–2017, Director, Legal at Pohjola Bank 
plc 2011–2014, Senior Legal Counsel at Neste Oil Corporation 2007–2011 and Senior Associate at Roschier Attorneys Ltd 
1998–2007.  
Member of the Board of Directors and member of the Personnel and Responsibility Committee of Olvi plc since 2023. 
Member of the Legal Committee of Finland Chamber of Commerce since 2020. 
Shareholders' Nomination Board 
The Annual General Meeting of shareholders in 2013 decided to establish a permanent Shareholders' Nomination Board to 
prepare proposals covering the members of the Board of Directors and their remuneration for consideration by the next 
Annual General Meeting of shareholders. In accordance with the updated Charter for the Shareholders' Nomination Board 
approved by the Annual General Meeting of shareholders in 2024, the Shareholders' Nomination Board shall consist of 
three physical members appointed by Neste's three largest shareholders, who shall appoint one member each. The Chair of 
the Board of Directors shall serve as an expert to the Shareholders' Nomination Board. The largest shareholders entitled to 
elect members shall be determined annually on the basis of the largest number of votes produced by all of Neste's shares 
based on Neste's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd as of the first banking day in June of each year. 
The Chair of Neste's Board of Directors shall request each of the three largest shareholders established on this basis to 
appoint one member to the Shareholders' Nomination Board. If a shareholder does not wish to exercise its right to appoint 
a member, the right of appointment passes to the next-largest shareholder according to the shareholder register, who 
otherwise would not have the right to appoint a member to the Shareholders' Nomination Board. The Shareholders' 
Nomination Board shall remain in office until the Annual General Meeting decides to abolish it. Its members shall be 
elected annually, and their term of office shall end when new members are elected to replace them. 
On 7 June 2024, Neste announced that the following members were appointed to the Shareholders' Nomination Board: 
Maija Strandberg, Director General of the Ownership Steering Department in the Prime Minister's Office of Finland (as 
Chair); Timo Sallinen, Senior Vice President, Investments of Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company and Jouko 
Pölönen, President and CEO of Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company. Matti Kähkönen, the Chair of Neste's Board 
of Directors, acts as an expert to the Shareholders' Nomination Board. 
The Shareholders' Nomination Board has the competence to perform the following duties and fulfil the following 
responsibilities: 
 
preparation and presentation of the proposal to the Annual General Meeting regarding (i) the number of members 
of the Board of Directors, (ii) the composition of the Board of Directors, and (iii) the remuneration of the members 
of the Board of Directors and Board committees; and 
 
mapping of potential successor candidates for the members of the Board of Directors. 
The Shareholders' Nomination Board will present their proposals to the Board of Directors by 31 January each year.

--- Page 103 ---
95 
 
 
Absence of Conflicts of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the Issuer, of the members of the Board of Directors, the 
President and the CEO and the other members of the Executive Committee and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 104 ---
96 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The selected consolidated financial information set forth below has been derived from the Audited Consolidated Financial 
Statements. The selected consolidated financial information presented herein should be read together with the Audited 
Consolidated Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. See "Documents Incorporated by 
Reference". 
This Base Prospectus includes certain Alternative Performance Measures. For more information on the basis of calculation 
and reasons for the use of the Alternative Performance Measures, see "Alternative Performance Measures and Other Key 
Performance Indicators". 
The following table sets forth certain consolidated financial information of Neste for the periods indicated: 
For the six  
months ended 30 June 
For the year  
ended 31 December 
2024 
2023 
2023 
2022 
 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited, unless otherwise 
indicated) 
(EUR in millions) 
Revenue(1)......................................................................................
9,443
10,649
22,926
25,707
EBITDA.........................................................................................
561
986
2,548
3,048
Comparable EBITDA ....................................................................
791
1,614
3,458
3,537
Renewable Products ....................................................................
394
928
1,906
1,762
Oil Products.................................................................................
339
632
1,434
1,654
Marketing & Services..................................................................
47
52
118
126
Others (including eliminations)...................................................
11
2
0
(5)
Operating profit(1) ..........................................................................
81
597
1,682
2,410
Cash flow before financing activities(1)..........................................
(801)
(126)
751
(390)
 
(1) 
Figures for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 derived from the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
The following table sets forth certain information on Neste's financial position as at the dates and for the 12-month periods 
indicated: 
As at and for the 12 months ended 
30 June 2024 
31 March 2024 
31 December 
2023 
30 September 
2023 
30 June 2023 
(unaudited)
(per cent., unless otherwise indicated)
Comparable ROACE, last 12 months...........................
14.4
20.1
23.9
27.2
27.4
Leverage ratio ..............................................................
34.5
27.9
22.7
21.5
24.3
Net debt to EBITDA, ratio ...........................................
1.9
1.2
1.0
0.8
1.1
 
The following table sets forth certain information on the maturities of Neste's financial liabilities as at 30 June 2024: 
Due during the year ending 31 December  
2024 
2025 
2026 
2027 
2028 
2029 
2030 
2031 
2032  
or later 
 
(unaudited) 
(EUR in millions) 
Short-term liabilities .......
595
146
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
Long-term liabilities........
   0
 96
136
987
569
607
238
634
788
Total................................
595
242
136
987
569
607
238
634
788

--- Page 105 ---
97 
 
 
The following table sets forth certain information on the liquidity profile of Neste as at 30 June 2024: 
 
As at 30 
June 2024 
(unaudited) 
 
(EUR in 
millions, 
unless 
otherwise 
indicated) 
Liquidity ..........................................................................................................................................................................
2,423
Liquid funds(1) ...............................................................................................................................................................
823
Unused committed credit facilities................................................................................................................................
1,600
Average interest rate for interest-bearing liabilities, per cent...........................................................................................
3.7
Average maturity of interest-bearing liabilities, years .....................................................................................................
4.6
 
(1) 
Liquid funds = Current investments + cash and cash equivalents

--- Page 106 ---
98 
 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES AND OTHER KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 
This Base Prospectus includes certain Alternative Performance Measures, including (i) EBITDA, (ii) comparable 
EBITDA, (iii) comparable ROACE, last 12 months, (iv) interest-bearing net debt, (v) leverage ratio, (vi) capital employed 
and (vii) net debt to EBITDA. For more information on the reasons for the use of and basis of calculation of the Alternative 
Performance Measures, see "—Reconciliation of Certain Alternative Performance Measures" below. 
Neste presents the Alternative Performance Measures as additional information to financial measures presented in the 
consolidated statement of income, consolidated statement of financial position and consolidated cash flow statement 
prepared in accordance with IFRS. The Alternative Performance Measures should not be viewed in isolation or as a 
substitute for the IFRS financial measures. Companies do not calculate alternative performance measures in a uniform way 
and, therefore, the Alternative Performance Measures may not be comparable with similarly named measures presented by 
other companies. Furthermore, the Alternative Performance Measures may not be indicative of Neste's historical results of 
operations and are not meant to be predictive of potential future results. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed 
on the Alternative Performance Measures. The Alternative Performance Measures are unaudited unless otherwise stated. 
Reconciliation of Alternative Performance Measures 
The following table sets forth a reconciliation of the Alternative Performance Measures as at the dates and for the periods 
indicated: 
 
For the six months ended 30 June 2024 
 
Renewable 
Products 
Oil Products 
Marketing & 
Services 
Others 
Eliminations 
Group 
(unaudited)
(EUR in millions)
EBITDA(1)
Operating profit......................................
(148)
219
31
(25)
4
81
Depreciation, 
amortisation 
and 
impairments.........................................
295
145
15
25
0
479
EBITDA.................................................
147
364
46
  0
4
561
Comparable EBITDA(2)
EBITDA.................................................
147
364
46
0
4
561
Inventory valuation gains/losses.............
277
(30)
(0)
(0)
0
246
Changes in the fair value of open 
commodity and currency derivatives...
(32)
6
(0)
(0)
0
(26)
Capital gains/losses................................
(0)
(2)
(0)
(0)
0
(2)
Other adjustments...................................
   3
   1
 1
  7
0
 13
Comparable EBITDA.............................
394
339
47
  8
4
791
 
For the six months ended 30 June 2023 
 
Renewable 
Products 
Oil Products 
Marketing & 
Services 
Others 
Eliminations 
Group 
(unaudited)
(EUR in millions)
EBITDA(1)
Operating profit......................................
193
381
37
(15)
1
597
Depreciation, 
amortisation 
and 
impairments.........................................
207
145
15
22
0
  389
EBITDA.................................................
401
526
52
  7
1
  986
 
Comparable EBITDA(2)
EBITDA.................................................
401
526
52
7
1
986
Inventory valuation gains/losses.............
498
80
(0)
(0)
0
579
Changes in the fair value of open 
commodity and currency derivatives...
29
31
(0)
(0)
0
60
Capital gains/losses................................
(0)
(6)
(0)
(0)
0
(6)
Other adjustments...................................
 (0)
 (0)
(0)
 (5)
0
    (5)
Comparable EBITDA.............................
928
632
52
  1
1
1,614

--- Page 107 ---
99 
 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2023 
 
Renewable 
Products 
Oil Products 
Marketing & 
Services 
Others 
Eliminations 
Group 
(unaudited, unless otherwise indicated)
(EUR in millions)
EBITDA(1)
Operating profit(3)...................................
568
1,068
84
(41)
2
1,682
Depreciation, 
amortisation 
and 
impairments(3)......................................
  480
  307
 33
46
0
  866
EBITDA.................................................
1,049
1,375
117
  5
2
2,548
 
Comparable EBITDA(2)
EBITDA.................................................
1,049
1,375
117
5
2
2,548
Inventory valuation gains/losses.............
784
43
(0)
(0)
(0)
827
Changes in the fair value of open 
commodity and currency derivatives...
73
25
(0)
(0)
(0)
98
Capital gains/losses................................
(0)
(5)
(0)
(2)
(0)
(7)
Other adjustments...................................
     (0)
     (4)
   1
 (5)
(0)
     (8)
Comparable EBITDA.............................
1,906
1,434
118
 (2)
2
3,458
 
For the year ended 31 December 2022 
Renewable 
Products 
Oil Products 
Marketing & 
Services 
Others 
Eliminations 
Group 
(unaudited, unless otherwise indicated)
(EUR in millions)
EBITDA(1)
Operating profit(3)...................................
1,046
1,337
98
(70)
(1)
2,410
Depreciation, 
amortisation 
and 
impairments(3)......................................
  282
  282
 29
46
(0)
  638
EBITDA.................................................
1,328
1,619
127
(24)
(1)
3,048
 
Comparable EBITDA(2)
EBITDA.................................................
1,328
1,619
127
(24)
(1)
3,048
Inventory valuation gains/losses.............
299
53
(0)
(0)
(0)
352
Changes in the fair value of open 
commodity and currency derivatives...
135
(4)
(0)
(0)
(0)
131
Capital gains/losses................................
(0)
(10)
(0)
(0)
(0)
(10)
Other adjustments...................................
     (0)
     (4)
  (1)
20
(0)
  16
Comparable EBITDA.............................
1,762
1,654
126
 (4)
(1)
3,537
 
 
As at and for the 12 months ended 
 
30 June 2024 
31 March 
2024 
31 December 
2023 
30 September 
2023 
30 June 2023 
 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited, 
unless 
otherwise 
indicated)
(unaudited) 
(EUR in millions)
Comparable ROACE, last 12 months(4)(5)
Comparable EBITDA(2)......................................................
2,635
3,179
3,458
3,555
3,488
Depreciation, amortisation and impairments(3) ...................
(956)
(930)
(866)
(769)
(716)
Items in depreciation, amortisation and impairments 
affecting comparability....................................................
0
0
0
2
23
Financial income(3) .............................................................
55
54
45
33
24
Exchange rate fair value gains and losses(3)........................
(37)
(5)
(9)
(19)
(40)
Income tax expense(3) .........................................................
(88)
(149)
(160)
(202)
(215)
Tax on other items affecting comparable ROACE, last 12 
months.............................................................................
   (91)
    (111)
   (145)
   (146)
    (191)
Comparable net profit, net of tax........................................
1,517
2,038
2,324
2,454
2,373
 
 
 
 
 
 
Capital employed average, 5 quarters end values...............
11,983
11,728
11,514
11,065
10,763
Assets under construction average, 5 quarters end values ..
(1,476)
(1,580)
(1,789)
(2,035)
(2,119)
Subtotal ..............................................................................
10,507
10,148
9,725
9,030
8,644
 
Comparable ROACE, last 12 months, percent ...................
14.4
20.1
23.9
27.2
27.4
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest-bearing net debt(6)
Interest-bearing liabilities(3)................................................
4,795
4,342
4,068
3,650
3,535
Cash and cash equivalents(3)...............................................
(823)
(1,368)
(1,575)
(1,430)
(1,039)
Current investments(3).........................................................
      0
        0
       (5)
       (0)
       (0)
Interest-bearing net debt.....................................................
 3,972
2,973
 2,488
 2,220
 2,496
 
Leverage ratio(7)
Interest-bearing net debt.....................................................
3,972
2,973
2,488
2,220
2,496
Total equity(3) .....................................................................
7,527
7,667
8,463
8,091
7,778
Leverage ratio, percent.......................................................
34.5
27.9
22.7
21.5
24.3

--- Page 108 ---
100 
 
 
 
As at and for the 12 months ended 
 
30 June 2024 
31 March 
2024 
31 December 
2023 
30 September 
2023 
30 June 2023 
 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited, 
unless 
otherwise 
indicated)
(unaudited) 
(EUR in millions)
EBITDA(1), last 12 months
Operating profit(3)...............................................................
1,166
1,596
1,682
1,855
1,475
Depreciation, amortisation and impairments(3) ...................
    956
    930
    866
    769
    716
EBITDA, last 12 months....................................................
 2,122
 2,526
 2,548
 2,624
 2,191
 
Net debt to EBITDA(8)
Interest-bearing net debt.....................................................
3,972
2,973
2,488
2,220
2,496
EBITDA, last 12 months....................................................
2,122
2,526
2,548
2,624
2,191
Net debt to EBITDA, ratio .................................................
1.9
1.2
1.0
0.8
1.1
 
 
 
 
 
 
Capital employed(9)
Total equity(3) .....................................................................
7,527
7,667
8,463
8,091
7,778
Interest-bearing liabilities(3)................................................
 4,795
 4,342
 4,068
 3,650
 3,535
Capital employed ...............................................................
12,322
12,009
12,532
11,740
11,313
 
(1)
EBITDA
=
Operating profit + depreciation, amortisation and impairments
EBITDA is an indicator to measure operational performance and cash flow generation.
(2) 
Comparable EBITDA 
= 
EBITDA -/+ inventory valuation gains/losses -/+ changes in the fair value of open commodity and 
currency derivatives -/+ capital gains/losses - insurance and other compensations -/+ other 
adjustments 
 
 
 
Comparable EBITDA describes underlying operational performance and cash flow generation.(10)
 
(3) 
Figures as at and for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 derived from the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements and as at 30 June 2024, 
derived from the 2024 Half-Year Report.
Comparable EBITDA - depreciation, amortisations and impairments 
+/- items in depreciation, amortisation and impairments affecting comparability 
+ financial income + exchange rate and fair value gains and losses 
- income tax expense - tax on other items affecting Comparable ROACE, last 12 months 
(4) 
Comparable return on average capital 
employed, after-tax (Comparable ROACE), 
last 12 months(5) 
= 
× 100 
Capital employed average - assets under construction average, 
5 quarters end values
 
 
 
Comparable return on average capital employed after-tax (Comparable ROACE) is one of Neste's 
key financial targets. It is a long-term over the cycle indicator measuring Neste's profitability and 
efficiency of capital usage.
(5) 
The formula for comparable ROACE, last 12 months, calculation formula was adjusted as of 1 January 2022 by excluding assets under construction 
average from capital employed average.
(6)
Interest-bearing net debt
=
Interest-bearing liabilities - cash and cash equivalents - current investments
Interest-bearing net debt is an indicator to measure the total external debt financing of the Group.
(7) 
Leverage ratio 
= 
Interest-bearing net debt 
× 100 
Interest-bearing net debt + total equity
 
 
 
Leverage ratio is one of Neste's key financial targets. It provides useful information regarding the 
Group's capital structure and financial risk level.
(8) 
Net debt to EBITDA 
= 
Interest-bearing net debt, end of period 
EBITDA, last 12 months
Net debt to EBITDA measures capital structure and ability to cover debt.
(9)
Capital employed
=
Total equity + interest-bearing liabilities
 
 
 
Capital employed is primarily used to determine the comparable return on average capital employed 
(Comparable ROACE) which is Neste's key financial target.
(10) 
In the business environment where Neste operates, commodity prices and foreign exchange rates are volatile and can cause significant fluctuations in 
inventory values and operating profit. Comparable EBITDA eliminates both the inventory valuation gains/losses generated by the volatility in raw 
material prices and changes in open derivatives, and better reflects the company's underlying operational performance. Also, it reflects Neste's 
operational cash flow, where the change in operating profit caused by inventory valuation is mostly compensated by changing net working capital. Items 
affecting comparability are linked to unpredictability events of a significant nature that do not form part of normal day-to-day business. They include 
among others impairment losses and reversals, gains and losses associated with the combination or termination of businesses, restructuring costs, and 
gains and losses on the sales of assets. Only items having an impact of more than EUR 1 million on Neste's result will be classified as items affecting 
comparability.

--- Page 109 ---
101 
 
 
TAXATION 
Finnish Taxation 
The following overview is based on the tax laws of Finland as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus, and is subject 
to changes in Finnish law, including changes that could have a retroactive effect. The following overview does not take 
into account or discuss the tax laws of any country other than Finland and does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of 
the Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which 
may be subject to special rules. Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers 
concerning the overall tax consequences of their ownership of the Notes. 
Under current Finnish law, payments of the principal of and interest (if any) on the Notes will be exempt from all taxes, 
duties, fees and imposts of whatever nature, imposed or levied by or within the Republic of Finland or by any province, 
municipality or other political sub-division or taxing authority thereof and therein, except when the holder of the Note or 
Coupon to which any such payment relates is subject to such taxation thereon by reason of such holder being connected 
with the Republic of Finland otherwise than solely by his holding of such Note or Coupon or the receipt of income 
therefrom. 
Non-residents of Finland are not liable to pay Finnish capital gains tax on Notes that are not connected with a permanent 
establishment or a fixed base in Finland. 
Transfer tax is in general not payable on a transfer of Notes, provided that the interest of the Notes is not related to the 
business income or dividend of the Issuer. 
Transfers of Notes by a non-resident by way of a gift or by reason of the death of the owner may be subject to Finnish gift 
or inheritance tax, respectively. 
FATCA Disclosure 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (foreign 
passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer may be 
a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the Republic of Finland) have entered 
into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), 
which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, 
a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the 
date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. 
Federal Register and Notes that are characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a 
fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of 
FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional Notes (as described under 
Condition 16 (Further Issues)) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of 
the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, 
including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the 
event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person 
will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT)  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a Directive for a 
common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the 
participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes (including 
secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of 
Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt.

--- Page 110 ---
102 
 
 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of the 
participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least one party is a financial 
institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed 
to be "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a 
person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is 
issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may therefore be altered 
prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 111 ---
103 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 12 September 2024, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon 
which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters 
stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has 
agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of 
the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred 
by them in connection therewith. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and 
Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA 
D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise 
until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities 
Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that 
it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes within the 
United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration 
under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); 
or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in 
relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation

--- Page 112 ---
104 
 
 
thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member 
State: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for 
any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to 
be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an 
offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 113 ---
105 
 
 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in any form and 
by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary activities 
involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose 
ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated 
an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) 
received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the 
FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it 
in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 
25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold Notes and will 
not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under 
Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to 
others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant 
to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable 
laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer 
within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian 
Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or 
deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited 
Investors only" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a 
prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has 
not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and 
will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and 
has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material 
in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, 
to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to 
Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to, and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA.

--- Page 114 ---
106 
 
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors 
only" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any 
other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase of the Notes, 
whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A 
of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA), (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant 
to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions specified in the 
SFA. 
Product Classification Pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA: The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product 
classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the SFA. The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each 
issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of section 309B(1)(a) of the SFA. Any such legend 
included on the applicable Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" (as defined in section 309A(1) of the 
SFA) for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in 
the Notes and the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue 
(exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing 
material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in 
Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it will (to 
the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction 
in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any 
consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries 
and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any 
responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 115 ---
107 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment and the update of the Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer dated 7 February 2023. 
Listing of Notes 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated 
Market. The approval of the Programme in respect of the Notes was granted on or about 12 September 2024. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection with the 
Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated 
Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, when 
published, be available for inspection in electronic form at https://www.neste.com/investors/credit/prospectuses:   
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement including the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive 
form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(d) 
any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms to this Base 
Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the entities in 
charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear 
through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.   
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each relevant Dealer 
at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
Save as disclosed under "Information about Neste—Recent Developments—Changes in Neste’s Guidance—Neste Revises 
Downwards its 2024 Guidance for Renewable Products", there has been no significant change in the financial performance 
or financial position of the Issuer since 30 June 2024. Save as disclosed under "Information about Neste—Overview" and 
"Information about Neste—Recent Developments—Changes in Neste’s Guidance", there has been no material adverse 
change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023. 
Litigation 
Neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 
12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the 
financial position or profitability of the Issuer and/or the Group.

--- Page 116 ---
108 
 
 
Auditors  
The Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus have been audited by KPMG Oy Ab, with Leenakaisa Winberg, 
Authorised Public Accountant, as the auditor with principal responsibility for the conduct of the audit in each of 2023 and 
2022. Leenakaisa Winberg is registered in the register of auditors referred in Section 9 of Chapter 6 of the Auditing Act 
(1141/2015, as amended). The registered address of KPMG Oy Ab is Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A, FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland. 
In accordance with the notice to the Annual General Meeting of shareholders published on 8 February 2024, the Board of 
Directors re-elected KPMG Oy Ab as Neste's auditors with effect from the Annual General Meeting held on 27 March 
2024. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under 
the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies 
on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general 
market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad 
array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates 
that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices 
of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Website 
The Issuer's website is www.neste.com. For the avoidance of doubt, the contents of any website referred to in this Base 
Prospectus do not form part of this Base Prospectus unless specifically incorporated by reference herein. 
Language of this Base Prospectus 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their 
original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law.

--- Page 117 ---
ISSUER 
Neste Corporation 
Keilaranta 21
FI-02150 Espoo
Finland
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre
Canada Square
Canary Wharf
London E14 5LB
United Kingdom
REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe Plc 
1 North Wall Quay
Dublin
Ireland
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers as to English law
To the Issuer as to Finnish law
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
White & Case LLP 
One Bishops Square
Aleksanterinkatu 44
London E1 6AD
FI-00100 Helsinki 
United Kingdom
Finland
AUDITORS 
KPMG Oy Ab 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A
FI-00101 Helsinki
Finland

--- Page 118 ---
DEALERS 
 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
Citigroup Centre 
75009 Paris 
Canada Square 
France 
Canary Wharf 
 
London E14 5LB 
 
United Kingdom 
 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
ING Bank N.V. 
Bernstorffsgade 40 
Foppingadreef 7 
DK-1577 Copenhagen V 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
Denmark 
The Netherlands 
 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Finland 
 
LISTING AGENT 
 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland