--- Page 1 ---
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR TO ANY PERSON OR ADDRESS IN THE 
U.S. IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the base 
prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") following this page, and you are therefore advised to read this carefully 
before reading, accessing or making any other use of the Base Prospectus. In accessing the Base Prospectus, 
you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any modifications to them any time 
you receive any information as a result of such access.
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF SECURITIES 
FOR SALE IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL 
TO DO SO. THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN (THE "SECURITIES") HAVE NOT BEEN, 
AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED 
(THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED 
STATES OR OTHER JURISDICTION AND INCLUDE SECURITIES IN BEARER FORM THAT ARE 
SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR 
SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR, THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. 
PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1996, AS AMENDED (THE "U.S. 
TAX CODE")), EXCEPT IN CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS PERMITTED BY U.S. TAX 
REGULATIONS AND THE SECURITIES ACT. 
THE FOLLOWING BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY 
OTHER PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER, AND IN 
PARTICULAR, MAY NOT BE FORWARDED TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR TO ANY U.S. ADDRESS. 
ANY FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR 
IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN 
A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER 
JURISDICTIONS. 
Confirmation of your Representation: In order to be eligible to view this Base Prospectus or make an 
investment decision with respect to the securities, investors must not be a U.S. person (as defined in the 
U.S. Tax Code). By accepting the e-mail and accessing this Base Prospectus, you shall be deemed to have 
represented to us that you are not a U.S. person (as defined in the U.S. Tax Code); the electronic mail 
address that you have given to us and to which this e-mail has been delivered is not located in the United 
States, its territories and possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands), any State of the United States or the District of 
Columbia; and that you consent to delivery of such Base Prospectus by electronic transmission. 
You are reminded that this Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person 
into whose possession this Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the 
jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver this Base 
Prospectus to any other person. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or solicitation 
in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that the offering 
be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Arranger and Dealers (as defined herein) or any affiliate of 
the Arranger or applicable Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be 
deemed to be made by the Arranger or such Dealer or such affiliate on behalf of New Development Bank 
(the "Issuer") in such jurisdiction. 
Under no circumstances shall this Base Prospectus constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer 
to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or 
sale would be unlawful. This Base Prospectus may only be communicated to persons in the United 
Kingdom in circumstances where Section 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended, does not apply. 
This Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents 
transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and 
consequently neither the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers nor any person who controls any of the foregoing 
nor any director, officer, employee representative nor agent of any of the foregoing nor affiliate of any such 
person accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between the Base 
Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy version available to you on request 
from the Issuer or the Paying Agents described herein.

--- Page 2 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
NEW DEVELOPMENT BANK 
U.S.$50,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this U.S.$50,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), New Development Bank ("NDB" or the 
"Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") 
denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). The Issuer was formed by the 
respective Governments of the Federative Republic of Brazil, the Russian Federation, the Republic of India, the People's Republic of 
China and the Republic of South Africa, pursuant to the Issuer's Articles of Agreement which entered into force on 15 July 2015 (the 
"Articles of Agreement"). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
U.S.$50,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement (as defined in 
"Subscription and Sale")), subject to increase as described herein. The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to the Dealer(s) 
specified under "Overview of the Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the 
Issuer (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References 
in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to 
be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in the Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as the competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation 
for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of Notes issued under the Programme. The Central Bank has only 
approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of the Base 
Prospectus nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. Furthermore, such approval relates only to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic 
Area (the "EEA") or in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces the base prospectus dated 12 
December 2019 (and any supplements thereto) and is valid for a period of 12 months from the date of approval. Any Notes issued 
under the Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions described herein. The obligation 
to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply 
when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Notes issued under 
the Programme within 12 months of the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin (the "Official 
List") and to trading on its regulated market (the "Regulated Market"). The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes 
of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II"). This base prospectus constitutes a Base 
Prospectus for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related 
references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market. 
Each Series (as defined in "Overview of the Programme – Distribution") of Notes will be represented on issue by either: (i) a temporary 
global note in bearer form (each a "Temporary Global Note") or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a "Permanent Global 
Note"); or (ii) a global note certificate (each a "Global Note Certificate") in registered form. The provisions governing the exchange 
of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in "Overview – Form of the Notes". 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency (as defined below) and save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market situated 
or operating within the EEA or in the UK and/or offered to the public in an EEA state or in the UK in circumstances which require 
the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the "Securities Act") 
or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject 
to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act (see "Subscription and Sale"). The Issuer has been rated AA+ by Standard and Poor's Global Ratings ("S&P"), AA+ 
by Fitch Ratings Inc. ("Fitch"), AAA by Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd. ("JCR") and AAA by Analytical Credit Rating Agency

--- Page 3 ---
(Joint Stock Company) ("ACRA"). S&P, Fitch, JCR and ACRA are not established in the EEA or in the UK and are not certified 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). Where a Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes is rated, 
such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Arranger and Dealer 
HSBC 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 22 December 2020

--- Page 4 ---
- i - 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus together with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference 
(see "Documents Incorporated by Reference") comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued 
under the Programme for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely 
to affect the import of such information. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein (including any information 
incorporated by reference herein). Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or 
implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme.  
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus, or accepts any responsibility 
for the acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection 
with the issue and offering of the Notes. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse 
change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading 
position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes: (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation; or (b) should be considered as 
a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe 
for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
Product Governance under Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the

--- Page 5 ---
- ii - 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect 
of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors", the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 6 ---
- iii - 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
THE NOTES ARE NOT OBLIGATIONS OF ANY GOVERNMENT. 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purposes for which it has been published. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken 
by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of 
this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes 
may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or 
other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that 
will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions 
on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, the 
UK, Hong Kong, Japan, Singapore and Switzerland - see "Subscription and Sale". 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that would permit an offer of Notes with a denomination 
of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) only in circumstances where there is an 
exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. As a result, any 
offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA or in the UK must be made pursuant to an exemption under 
the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly 
any person making or intending to make an offer of Notes in that Member State may only do so in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor 
do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product 
classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of 
Singapore) (the "SFA"). The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the 
classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included 
on the relevant Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for the purposes of section 
309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to 
Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes 
will be: (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or in the UK and registered under the 
CRA Regulation; or (2) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA or in the UK 
but will be endorsed by a CRA which is established in the EEA or in the UK and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA or in the UK but 
which is certified under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, EEA and UK 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by 
a credit rating agency established in the EEA or in the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation unless: 
(1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA or in the UK but is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or in the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation; or 
(2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA or in the UK which is certified 
under the CRA Regulation. If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, EEA and/or UK

--- Page 7 ---
- iv - 
regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have 
a different regulatory treatment. This may result in EEA and/or UK regulated investors selling the Notes 
which may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market. A credit rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
make its own assessment as to the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In 
particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial 
and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect 
its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent: (1) Notes are 
legal investments for it; (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing; and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Benchmark Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/2011 
(as amended, the "Benchmark Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, 
the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator 
included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant 
to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmark Regulation. Transitional 
provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular 
benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the 
relevant Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a

--- Page 8 ---
- v - 
matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the 
relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may, inter alia, be calculated by reference to the London inter-bank 
offered rate ("LIBOR"), which is provided by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, the Euro inter-
bank offered rate ("EURIBOR") which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute, the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") which is provided by the Bank of England and the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate ("SOFR") which is provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the Bank of England and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York do not appear on 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
of the Benchmark Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmark Regulation apply or other exemptions from the Benchmark Regulation apply, such that the 
Bank of England and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York are not (currently) required to obtain such 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union or the UK, recognition, endorsement 
or equivalence). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited and the 
European Money Markets Institute appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus includes certain forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of 
historical fact included in this Base Prospectus regarding, among other things, the fiscal condition, debt or 
prospects of the Issuer may constitute forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements 
generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "may", "will", "expect", 
"project", "intend", "estimate", "anticipate", "believe", "continue", "could", "should", "would", "assume" or 
the like. Although the Issuer believes that expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are 
reasonable as at the date of this Base Prospectus, there can be no assurance that such expectations will 
prove to have been correct and actual results may differ materially. The Issuer undertakes no obligation to 
update the forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus or any other forward-looking 
statement it may make. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
• 
References in this Base Prospectus to the "Group" are to the Issuer and its consolidated 
subsidiaries from time to time, taken as a whole; 
• 
"U.S. dollars", "USD", "U.S.$" and "$" refer to United States dollars; 
• 
"Sterling", "GBP" and "£" refer to pounds sterling; and 
• 
"euro", "EUR" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, 
as amended. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.

--- Page 9 ---
- vi - 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following information which 
has been previously published or is published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and which has been 
filed with Euronext Dublin and the Central Bank of Ireland: 
Financial Statements 
1. 
the unaudited condensed financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the period ended 30 
September 
2020 
(found 
at: 
https://www.ndb.int/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Condensed-
Financial-Statements-for-the-nine-months-ended-30-September-2020.pdf) 
(the 
"Interim 
Financial Statements"); 
2. 
the Independent Auditor's Report and the audited financial statements (including the notes thereto) 
of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 December 2019 (set out on pages 84 to 127, of the 
2019 Annual Report of the Issuer found at: https://www.ndb.int/annual-report-2019) (the "2019 
Financial Statements"); and 
3. 
the Independent Auditor's Report and the audited financial statements (including the notes thereto) 
of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 December 2018 (set out on pages 64 to 102, of the 
2018 
Annual 
Report 
of 
the 
Issuer 
found 
at: 
https://www.ndb.int/wp-
content/uploads/2019/07/NDB_AR2018.pdf) (the "2018 Financial Statements");  
The Interim Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting 
Standards 34 "Interim Financial Reporting". The condensed statement of profit or loss and other 
comprehensive income and relevant notes for the year ended 31 December 2019 is also presented 
in the Interim Financial Statements. 
Terms and Conditions 
4. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 28 to 58 of the base prospectus dated 12 December 2019 
relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" found at: 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_21fff20a-4b1f-4e95-85ac-
5dbefd7c365b.pdf (the "2019 Conditions").  
Such documents shall be incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement 
contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the 
purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such 
earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Those 
parts of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus which are not specifically 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are either not relevant for prospective investors in the 
Notes or the relevant information is included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Any documents themselves 
incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on any website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained without charge 
from the registered office of the Issuer and are available for viewing on the website of the Issuer following 
the links above.

--- Page 10 ---
- vii - 
SUPPLEMENTARY PROSPECTUS 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 11 ---
- viii - 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .............................................................................. vi 
SUPPLEMENTARY PROSPECTUS ........................................................................................................ vii 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 1 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................................... 12 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............... 16 
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 19 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................. 20 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 31 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 66 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER............................................................................................................. 67 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................... 82 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................... 84 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................... 88

--- Page 12 ---
- 1 - 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing the Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be 
unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which individually 
or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. It 
is not possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the 
Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be 
material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control. The Issuer 
has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its 
business and ability to make payments due under the Notes. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Risks related to the Issuer 
The Issuer is an international financial institution and Notes issued under the Programme are not 
guaranteed by any sovereign entity or agency  
The Issuer is an international organisation founded by the Federative Republic of Brazil, the Russian 
Federation, the Republic of India, the People's Republic of China and the Republic of South Africa 
(together, the "member states") pursuant to the Articles of Agreement (as defined herein). The Articles of 
Agreement have the status of a treaty under public international law and the Issuer is a creation of, and 
subject to, public international law. The Issuer's existence, powers, privileges, immunities, liabilities and 
operations are subject to and governed by the Articles of Agreement. The Issuer is not subject to regulation 
by any state. Accordingly, while the Issuer has established policies and procedures to govern its internal 
operations in accordance with international standards, the operations of the Issuer are not subject to external 
regulatory oversight unlike domestic financial institutions of its member states.  
Although founded by its member states, the Issuer is a legal entity separate from both the governments of 
its members and the agencies of such governments. The principal of any Notes issued under the Programme, 
and interest due or to become due in respect of such Notes, constitute obligations solely of the Issuer and 
do not constitute the obligation of, nor are they guaranteed or insured by any of its member states or 
sovereign entities or agencies thereof. Since the Issuer's obligations are not guaranteed or insured by any 
one sovereign or member state, the Issuer does not have one single lender of last recourse. 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is defined as risk of financial loss arising from the failure of the borrower or other obligor, to 
meet its contractual obligations to the Issuer. It can arise from both funded and non-funded transactions that 
are contingent in nature. As the Issuer provides financial support through loans, guarantees, equity 
investment and other financial activities, the inability or unwillingness of borrowers or obligors to meet 
their financial obligations towards the Issuer leads to credit risk. According to the nature of the Issuer's 
business, the principal sources of credit risks are: 
(a) 
credit risk in its sovereign operations; 
(b) 
credit risk in its non-sovereign operations; and 
(c) 
obligors credit risk in its treasury business. 
The Issuer mainly relies on external credit ratings from major international rating agencies (e.g. Moody's 
Investors Service, Standard and Poor's Global Ratings and Fitch Ratings) to provide an initial assessment 
of the credit quality of borrowers and treasury counterparties. In cases where the loans are guaranteed by 
the governments of the individual countries, the credit risk is assessed on the guarantor. For loans without 
a sovereign guarantee, in addition to external credit ratings, the Issuer uses an internal credit assessment 
taking into account specific project, sector, macro and country credit risks. The risk division monitors the 
overall credit risk profile of the Issuer on a periodic basis.

--- Page 13 ---
- 2 - 
In addition, the majority of the Issuer's portfolio is located within jurisdictions and economic sectors for 
which adequate statistical and qualitative information is available. The Issuer also relies on external data 
providers to source this information as part of its regular credit risk management activities. Thus credit 
recommendations are made on information from the most reliable of these sources. With regard to specific 
projects, the Issuer conducts a due diligence process. However, the Issuer's relatively short track record, 
combined with the medium-and long-term nature of a large part of the credit portfolio, offers no assurance 
that these techniques will prove sufficient to mitigate credit risks inherent to such operations. Whilst nil 
was due from borrowers or was classified as a default as at 31 December 2019, the Issuer is in the process 
of building its loan portfolio. As such, the Issuer still considers credit risk to be a material risk to its business 
as it is not possible to eliminate entirely the possibility of adverse credit risk events. This in turn could have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuer's financial condition and results of operations.  
Operational risk 
Operational risk can be defined as being the risk of losses resulting from inadequate or failed internal 
processes, people and systems, or from external events. It thus excludes strategic and reputation risks but 
includes legal and regulatory risks. The Issuer's operational risk management framework is built on three 
key principles: 
(a) 
business units are responsible for directly managing operational risks in their respective functional 
areas; 
(b) 
a dedicated central operational risk team coordinates the process and assists business units to 
anticipate, identify, mitigate, and control operational risk; and 
(c) 
oversight is provided by the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee and independent control 
functions such as the Internal Audit division. 
The Issuer has established a comprehensive operational risk management framework and control system. 
However, a framework or control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide 
reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system will be satisfied. Inherent 
limitations in any system of controls include the possibility that judgments in decision making could be 
faulty and that breakdowns could occur as a result of simple human error or mistake. The design of the 
Issuer's control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. There 
can be no assurance that the Issuer will not suffer losses from any failure of these controls to detect or 
contain operational risk in the future. Consequently, the potential inadequacy of the Issuer's internal 
processes or systems may result in unauthorised transactions and errors not being detected, or the Issuer's 
insurance may not cover the Issuer's losses from such transactions or errors, which may have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's financial condition and/or results of operations. 
Liquidity risk 
The Issuer's liquidity risk arises largely in the following way: 
(a) 
insufficient liquidity to settle obligations or to meet cash flow needs, including, but not limited to, 
the inability to maintain normal lending operations and to support public or private projects in a 
timely manner; and 
(b) 
inability to liquidate an investment at a reasonable price within the required period of time. 
The Issuer utilises a set of short-term, long-term and stressed metrics for identifying, monitoring and 
managing liquidity risk. The Issuer balances the placement and tenor of its liquid assets to optimise interest 
income and provide a source of liquidity for strategic and day-to-day cash needs, as well as meeting 
unanticipated funding requirements. 
Despite having a conservative approach to liquidity risk, it does not mitigate entirely the possibility that 
liquidity shortages and severe market conditions may have an adverse impact on the Issuer's financial 
condition.

--- Page 14 ---
- 3 - 
Market risk 
Market risk is the risk that variations in market rates and values of the Issuer's assets, liabilities and off-
balance sheet positions result in a loss to the Issuer. The Issuer's exposure to market risk is currently derived 
from interest rate risks and exchange rate risks that emanate from the Issuer's operations. These risks are 
further described below: 
(a) 
Interest rate risk 
Interest rate risk is defined as the risk of adverse impact on the Issuer's financial position, including 
its income and economic value, due to interest rate movements. The Issuer's lending and 
investment activities expose the Issuer to interest rate risk, whilst changes in the macro-economic 
environment significantly impact the movement of interest rate curves in different currencies to 
which the Issuer is exposed. For instance, movements in global interest rates have also continued 
to be unpredictable. The decision of the U.S. Federal Reserve to raise interest rates in December 
2015 for the first time since 2006, and several decisions to raise interest rates until December 2018, 
followed in September 2019 by a dramatic lowering of interest rates to 0.25 per cent. in November 
2020, has added to this environment of unpredictability.  
(b) 
Exchange rate risk 
The exchange rate risk the Issuer faces arises from the impact of exchange rate variations on net 
unhedged positions in non-USD currencies. Movements in currencies, in which the Issuer 
transacts, relative to its functional currency (USD), may affect the Issuer's results. In addition, the 
policies of the governments of the Issuer's member states can have a material impact on foreign 
currency exchange rates and such policies are subject to change. The Issuer is exposed to the effects 
of fluctuations in the prevailing foreign currency exchange rates on its financial position. The 
Issuer maintains a net exchange position limit to contain its exchange rate risk exposure and seeks 
to match the currency of its assets with the currency of the corresponding funding source. The 
Issuer uses currency derivative contracts to align the currency composition of its liabilities to its 
assets. 
Whilst the Issuer has low appetite for market risk and believes that it has implemented the appropriate 
policies, systems and processes to minimise these risks, investors should note that a worsening of current 
global financial market conditions could lead to decreases in investor and consumer confidence, market 
volatility, economic disruption and, as a result, could have an adverse effect on the business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects of the Issuer irrespective of steps currently taken to adequately 
control these risks. 
The economic conditions in the member states will be adversely affected by the global economic 
slowdown caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, and this may negatively impact the Issuer's business, 
financial condition and results of operations  
The ongoing COVID-19 outbreak at the beginning of 2020 resulted in increased travel restrictions, 
extended quarantine or "lockdown" measures and closure of certain businesses and an initial decline in 
most major equity markets from February 2020. Despite this initial decline, such markets began to rise 
again from the end of March 2020. Markets have been boosted further by the announcement in November 
2020 of potential vaccines. Whilst there are signs of recovery, the longer the COVID-19 pandemic crisis 
continues, the more adverse and severe the economic impact is likely to be, and the more difficult the 
subsequent economic recovery, will be. 
  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, all of the Issuer's member states were in varying degrees of lockdown 
and isolation in order to combat the spread of COVID-19. All member states have recorded cases of 
COVID-19 and deaths associated with it, but numbers differ considerably among countries. The COVID-
19 pandemic is having a severe and negative economic impact globally, the extent of which will depend 
primarily on the duration of lockdown and other preventive measures in place in each country.  
The COVID-19 pandemic crisis has shut down most private sector activity and will continue to put a 
significant strain on public finances across the globe. Sectors such as transportation and tourism have been 
especially hard hit and are likely to take the longest to recover. Depending on how the COVID-19 pandemic

--- Page 15 ---
- 4 - 
progresses, it could cause permanent damage in some sectors, possibly resulting in a significant loss in 
wealth generating capacity.  
The Issuer has in place sensitivity tests and bank-wide macroeconomic stress testing to estimate impacts of 
the current COVID-19 pandemic crisis on the Issuer's exposures. However, the occurrence and future 
spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as the response of the member states, is beyond the Issuer's 
control and the Issuer can provide no assurance as to the likelihood of any scenario arising or the economic 
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in the member states or the resulting impact on the Issuer's business, 
financial condition or results of operations. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features, distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes: 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature of the Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes or when the Issuer is perceived by the market to have a redemption 
right available to it, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at 
which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to 
do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in market interest rates 
The Notes may be issued at a substantial discount or premium to their principal amount. The market values 
of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in 
relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities, 
and this may also be the case for any Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their principal 
amount. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Such volatility 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes.  
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The terms of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of 
all investors 
The terms of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote on 
matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic 
consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders who 
did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or 
give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. As such, Noteholders should be aware that they may be bound by the actions of certain defined 
majorities of Noteholders even if they do not vote on, or vote against, a particular matter.

--- Page 16 ---
- 5 - 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice 
The terms of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance 
can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative 
practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact the 
value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who purchase Notes in denominations that are not an integral multiple of the Specified 
Denomination may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case, a holder who, as a result of trading 
such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account 
with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such 
holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such 
that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Reliance on Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures 
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes or Global 
Note Certificates that may be delivered to a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in each Global Note or Global Note 
Certificate (as applicable), investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Each of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain 
records of the beneficial interests in each Global Note or Global Note Certificate held through it. While the 
Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Note Certificate, investors will be able to trade their 
beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing systems and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes or Global Note Certificates (as applicable), the Issuer will 
discharge its payment obligation under the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing 
systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note or Global Note Certificate must rely on the 
procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive payments under the Notes. The 
Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial 
interests in any Global Note or Global Note Certificate (as applicable). In addition, a holders of beneficial 
interests in a Global Note will not have any recourse against the Issuer to the extent Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg do not pass on any payments made to them by the Issuer. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note or Global Note Certificate will not have a direct right to 
vote in respect of the Notes so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent 
that they are enabled by the relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
The Notes are unsecured and the terms and conditions permit the Issuer to create security over its assets 
Pursuant to Condition 4 (Status), the Notes will be unsecured. If the Issuer defaults on the Notes, or in the 
event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganisation, then, to the extent that the Issuer has granted security 
over its assets, the assets that secure those obligations will be used to satisfy the obligations thereunder 
before the Issuer could sell or otherwise dispose of those assets in order to make any payment on the Notes. 
As a result of the granting of such security, there may only be limited assets available to make payments 
on the Notes in such circumstances and as such, a Noteholder may not receive the full amount of its initial 
investment.  
Certain benchmark rates, including LIBOR and EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the 
future 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including the London interbank offered 
rate ("LIBOR") and the euro interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR"), are the subject of ongoing national and

--- Page 17 ---
- 6 - 
international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective 
whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such "benchmarks" to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a 
benchmark.  
The Benchmark Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU 
(which, for these purposes, includes the UK). It will, among other things, (i) require benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed); and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks 
of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed).  
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a 
benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to 
comply with the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have 
the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
relevant benchmark. 
The FCA has publicly announced that it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the 
calculation of the LIBOR "benchmark" after 2021, and accordingly the continuation of LIBOR on the 
current basis will not be guaranteed after 2021. As a result, there is significant regulatory scrutiny of 
continued use of LIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates ("IBORs") and increasing pressure and 
momentum for banks and other financial institutions to transition relevant products to replacement rates. 
More broadly, any of the national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term 
rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 
October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark 
Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be 
further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, LIBOR and/or EURIBOR will 
continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause LIBOR and/or EURIBOR to perform differently 
than they have done in the past and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
The elimination of the LIBOR benchmark or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation 
provisions of the Conditions (as further described in Condition 6(i) (Benchmark Discontinuation)), or result 
in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes 
whose interest rates are linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). 
Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative 
reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during 
the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities 
(including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, such as 
LIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) 
becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a 
successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted 
(if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant 
benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this objective. Any 
such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest

--- Page 18 ---
- 7 - 
rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of 
interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period 
being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser 
(as defined in the Conditions), the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Notes. Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmark Regulation reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain 
reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a 
benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as reference rates for Floating Rate 
Notes 
On 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that, from January 2018, the Bank of 
England's Working Group on Sterling Risk-Free Rates has been mandated with implementing a broad-
based transition to SONIA over the next four years across sterling bond, loan and derivatives markets, so 
that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021. Investors 
should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital 
markets and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR. In particular, market participants and relevant 
working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA, including term SONIA reference 
rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated 
term). The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference a SONIA rate 
issued under this Programme. As SONIA is published and calculated by the Bank of England based on data 
received from other sources, the Issuer has no control over its determination, calculation or publication. 
There can be no guarantee that SONIA will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that 
is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Floating Rate Notes linked to SONIA. If the manner in 
which SONIA is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest 
payable on such Notes and the trading prices of such Notes. 
SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the "Federal Reserve") and is intended to 
be a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralised by Treasury securities. The 
Federal Reserve notes on its publication page for SOFR that the Federal Reserve may alter the methods of 
calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time without notice. 
Because SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve based on data received from other sources, the Issuer 
has no control over its determination, calculation or publication. There can be no guarantee that SOFR will 
not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of 
investors in Floating Rate Notes linked to SOFR. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed, 
that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on such Notes and the trading prices 
of such Notes. The Federal Reserve began to publish SOFR in April 2018. The Federal Reserve has also 
begun publishing historical indicative SOFR rates going back to 2014. Investors should not rely on any 
historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of future changes in SOFR. Also, since SOFR is a 
relatively new market index, Notes linked to SOFR may have no established trading market when issued, 
and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt 
securities indexed to SOFR, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may 
evolve over time, and trading prices of the Notes linked to SOFR may be lower than those of later-issued 
indexed debt securities as a result. 
The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR that differ materially in terms 
of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA-referenced or SOFR-referenced Notes 
issued under the Programme. The nascent development of Compounded Daily SONIA and Compounded 
Daily SOFR as interest reference rates for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of 
SONIA-based and SOFR-based rates for such markets and market infrastructure for adopting such rates, 
could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or otherwise affect the market price of any SONIA-
referenced or SOFR-referenced Notes issued under the Programme. Interest on Notes which reference 
Compounded Daily SONIA and Compounded Daily SOFR is only capable of being determined at the end 
of the relevant Interest Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be

--- Page 19 ---
- 8 - 
difficult for investors in Notes that reference a SONIA rate or SOFR rate to reliably estimate the amount of 
interest that will be payable on such Notes. Further, if the Notes become due and payable under Condition 
11 (Events of Default), the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes shall be determined on the date the Notes 
became due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter. In addition, the manner of adoption or application 
of SONIA reference rates and SOFR reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of SONIA and SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives 
and loan markets. 
Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA reference rates and 
SOFR reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which 
they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes referencing a 
SONIA rate or a SOFR rate. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision 
with respect to any such Notes. 
Further, if SONIA or SOFR do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading prices 
of Notes linked to SONIA or SOFR may be lower than those of securities linked to reference rates that are 
more widely used. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to 
sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
SONIA and SOFR differ from LIBOR in a number of material respects and have a limited history 
SONIA and SOFR differ from LIBOR in a number of material respects, including that SONIA and SOFR 
are backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rates, whereas LIBOR is expressed on the basis 
of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors 
should be aware that LIBOR and SONIA or SOFR may behave materially differently as interest reference 
rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding 
transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to LIBOR which is an unsecured rate. For 
example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, 
been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Publication of SONIA and SOFR began in April 2018 and they therefore have a limited history. The future 
performance of SONIA and SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical 
performance. The level of SONIA and SOFR during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to 
the historical level of SONIA or SOFR. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables 
and their relation to SONIA and SOFR such as correlations, may change in the future.  
Furthermore, the Interest Rate is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Observation 
Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for Noteholders to 
estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on the Notes, and some investors may be 
unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could 
adversely impact the liquidity of the Notes. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based Notes, if the Notes become 
due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 13 (Events of Default), or are otherwise 
redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Interest Rate payable in respect 
of the Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on 
which the Notes become due and payable. 
The relevant administrator of SONIA or SOFR may make changes that could change the value of 
SONIA or SOFR or discontinue SONIA or SOFR 
As noted above in "Risk Factors - Risks related to Notes generally - The market continues to develop in 
relation to SONIA and SOFR as reference rates for Floating Rate Notes", the Bank of England or The New 
York Federal Reserve (or a successor), as administrators of SONIA and SOFR respectively, may make 
methodological or other changes that could change the value of SONIA or SOFR, including changes related 
to the method by which SONIA or SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used 
to calculate SONIA or SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA or SOFR. In addition, the 
relevant administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA or SOFR 
(in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The relevant 
administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, 
converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA or SOFR.

--- Page 20 ---
- 9 - 
In respect of any Notes issued as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or "Sustainability Bonds", there can 
be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor  
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention 
to apply the proceeds or an amount equal to the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for assets 
and projects that promote climate-friendly, environmental and other sustainable purposes ("Eligible 
Assets"). Prospective investors should have regard to the information in the relevant Final Terms regarding 
such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose 
of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In 
particular no assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds or an amount 
equal to such proceeds for any Eligible Assets will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, 
the subject of or related to, any Eligible Assets. Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no 
clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes a 
"green" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for 
a particular project to be defined as "green", "sustainable" or to be given such other similar label, nor can 
any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. Accordingly, no 
assurance is or can be given to investors by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any projects or 
uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Assets will meet any or all investor expectations regarding 
such "green", "sustainable" or other similarly-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse 
environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses 
the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Assets.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Assets to fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any 
such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers 
or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion or certification is only current as 
of the date that such opinion or certification was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein 
and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or 
other regime or oversight.  
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "sustainable" or 
other similarly-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no 
representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or 
admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements 
as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to 
comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, social or sustainability impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any 
Eligible Assets. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading 
may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance 
given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading 
will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading 
will be maintained during the life of the Notes.  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds or an amount equal to the proceeds of any Notes 
so specified for Eligible Assets in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus and the 
relevant Final Terms, there can be no assurance from the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that the 
relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Assets will be capable of being 
implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Assets. Nor can there be 
any assurance that such Eligible Assets will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the

--- Page 21 ---
- 10 - 
results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment, social or other "sustainable" projects) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute 
an Event of Default under the Notes.  
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds or an amount equal to such proceeds of any issue of Notes 
for any Eligible Assets as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such 
opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for 
which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed 
or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse 
effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to 
finance Eligible Assets and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates 
to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
any such Notes.  
Under the Articles of Agreement as in force from time to time, no tax of any kind shall be levied by a 
member state of the Issuer on any obligation or security issued by the Issuer 
Under the Articles of Agreement, the Issuer is exempt from any obligation for the payment, withholding or 
collection of any tax by a member state. Accordingly, the interest due on the Notes will be paid to the 
Paying Agents without deduction in respect of any tax by a member state. If any taxation does apply to 
payments due on the Notes, notwithstanding the provisions of the Articles of Agreement, neither the Issuer 
nor the Paying Agents will make any additional payment in the event of any deduction or withholding being 
required in respect of such taxation and neither the Issuer nor the Paying Agents shall be liable to any holder 
of the Notes or to any other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting 
from such withholding or payment. Please see "Taxation – Tax status of the Issuer".  
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may 
have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, the investor will 
be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease: (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on 
the Notes; (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes; and (iii) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.

--- Page 22 ---
- 11 - 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect 
of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that, if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes as an 
equivalent investment issued at the current market interest rate may be more attractive to investors. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. 
In general, issuers listing notes on a Regulated Market are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using 
credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the EU or the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn 
or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration 
application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-
EU and non-UK credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered 
or UK-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency or non-UK rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case 
may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published 
by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status 
of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory 
measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 23 ---
- 12 - 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes 
shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, a new 
drawdown prospectus will be published. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in "Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form" and 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuer: 
New Development Bank 
Legal Entity Identifier  
254900VPI91W77OOUM06 
Description: 
U.S.$50,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
HSBC Bank plc 
Dealers: 
HSBC Bank plc 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time 
to time (see "Subscription and Sale") including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting 
deposits contained in Section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended, unless they are issued to a 
limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent - see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
Fiscal Agent: 
HSBC Bank plc 
Registrar: 
HSBC Bank plc 
Listing Agent: 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
Programme Size: 
Up to U.S.$50,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement) outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase 
the amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") 
having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise

--- Page 24 ---
- 13 - 
identical (or identical other than in respect of the first 
payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended 
to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each 
Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the 
same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each 
Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, with the 
relevant terms and conditions and, save in respect of the issue 
date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal 
amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the final 
terms (the "Final Terms"). 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in, subject to any applicable legal 
or regulatory restrictions, any currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of the Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or 
in registered form ("Registered Notes"). For further 
information, see "Form of the Notes". 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant 
Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
published 
by 
the 
International 
Swaps 
and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes of the relevant Series); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each 
Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, 
a minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and

--- Page 25 ---
- 14 - 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or 
at a discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the 
relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option 
of the Issuer upon giving notice to the Noteholders on a date 
or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price 
or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Notes will only be 
redeemed at an amount other than 100 per cent. of their 
nominal amount in the case of certain Zero Coupon Notes. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject 
to restrictions on their denomination and distribution - see 
"Certain Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than 
one year" above. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes, if the Issuer determines 
that a Benchmark Event has occurred, the Issuer may in 
consultation with an Independent Adviser, determine that: (i) 
the relevant benchmark or screen rate may be replaced by a 
Successor Rate; or (ii) if there is no Successor Rate but the 
Issuer determines there is an Alternative Rate, such 
Alternative Rate. An Adjustment Spread may also be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be). This is further described in Condition 6(i). 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that 
the minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency - see 
"Certain Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than 
one year" above - and save that the minimum denomination 
of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
Pursuant to its Articles of Agreement, payments of principal 
and interest may be made by the Issuer without withholding 
or other deduction for any withholding taxes imposed by a 
member of the Issuer. The Issuer will not pay additional 
amounts to holders of Notes in respect of any withholding tax. 
Cross Acceleration: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross acceleration 
provision as further described in Condition 11(c). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes constitute the direct, unconditional obligations of 
the Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among 
themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and 
future unsecured obligations of the Issuer save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are 
both mandatory and general application. The Notes are not 
obligations of any government.

--- Page 26 ---
- 15 - 
Rating: 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. A security rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. 
 
S&P, Fitch, JCR and ACRA are not established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation . 
Listing: 
Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to 
listing on the Official List and to trading on the Regulated 
Market. 
 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, English law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Notes in the United States, the EEA, the UK, Hong Kong, 
Japan, Singapore and Switzerland and such other restrictions 
as may be required in connection with the offering and sale 
of a particular Tranche of Notes – see "Subscription and 
Sale". 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for 
the general corporate purposes of the Issuer and/or will be 
used to finance sustainable development activities in the 
Issuer's member states.  
Pending their use, the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes 
will be invested as part of the Issuer's liquid assets.  
The Notes may be referred to as "Green Bonds", "Social 
Bonds" or "Sustainability Bonds" (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms). If, in respect of any particular issue, 
there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be 
stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 27 ---
- 16 - 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note, references in the Conditions of the Notes 
to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global 
Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in 
the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. (See 
terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below). 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by one or more Global Note Certificates, references in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name the relevant 
Global Note Certificate is for the time being registered in the Register and which is held by or on behalf of 
a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or 
common safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Note Certificate (each an 
"Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant 
clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer, 
to the holder of such Global Note or Global Note Certificate and in relation to all other rights arising under 
such Global Note or Global Note Certificate. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders 
may exercise any rights arising under a Global Note or Global Note Certificate will be determined by the 
respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing 
system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global 
Note Certificate, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due 
under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder of such 
Global Note or Global Note Certificate. 
Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or Global Note 
Certificate will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled 
if, immediately before the Global Note or Global Note Certificate became void, they had been the holders 
of Definitive Notes or Individual Note Certificates in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Transfers of Interests in Global Notes and Global Note Certificates 
Transfers of interests in Global Notes and Global Note Certificates within Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system will be in accordance with their respective rules and 
operating procedures. None of the Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers or the Agents will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records of any of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any other relevant clearing system or any of their respective participants relating to payments made on 
account of beneficial ownership interests in a Global Note or Global Note Certificate or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any of the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant clearing system or the records of their respective participants relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. 
The laws of some states of the United States require that certain persons receive individual certificates in 
respect of their holdings of Notes. Consequently, the ability to transfer interests in a Global Note Certificate 
to such persons will be limited. Because clearing systems only act on behalf of participants, who in turn act 
on behalf of indirect participants, the ability of a person having an interest in a Global Note Certificate to 
pledge such interest to persons or entities which do not participate in the relevant clearing systems, or 
otherwise take actions in respect of such interest, may be affected by the lack of an Individual Note 
Certificate representing such interest.

--- Page 28 ---
- 17 - 
Although Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have agreed to the foregoing procedures in order to 
facilitate transfers of interests in the Global Note Certificates among participants and account holders of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform 
such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued at any time. None of the Issuer, the Registrar, 
the Dealers or the Agents will have any responsibility for the performance by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or their respective direct or indirect participants or account holders of their respective 
obligations under the rules and procedures governing their respective operations. 
While a Global Note Certificate is lodged with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any relevant 
clearing system, Individual Note Certificates for the relevant Series of Notes will not be eligible for clearing 
and settlement through such clearing systems. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes and Global Note Certificates 
Each Global Note and Global Note Certificate will contain provisions which modify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Note Certificate. The following is a 
summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Note Certificate which, according to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or 
Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest 
accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note or Global Note Certificate to or to the order of any Paying 
Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in 
respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, or a Global Note Certificate, shall be, if the currency 
of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is 
not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Note Certificate will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System 
Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Note Certificate is being 
held is open for business. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 8(d) (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders) the bearer of a Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Note Certificate 
must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give 
written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of 
which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 8(b) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note 
or Global Note Certificate may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the 
Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 17 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Note Certificate 
and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), 
or the Global Note Certificate is deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given

--- Page 29 ---
- 18 - 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution: While any Global Note or Global Note Certificate is held on 
behalf of a clearing system, then: 
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance 
with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an "Electronic Consent") shall, for all purposes 
(including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a 
meeting for which a special quorum was satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders 
and holders of Coupons, Talons and Receipts whether or not they participated in such Electronic 
Consent; and 
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer and Fiscal 
Agent shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer and 
Fiscal Agent by: (a) accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note 
or Global Note Certificate and/or; where (b) the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf 
of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that 
accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the 
entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any 
certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the "relevant clearing system") 
and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the 
relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall 
be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves 
to be defective. Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any 
form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system 
(including Euroclear's EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg's CreationOnline system) in 
accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or 
nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. The 
Issuer and Fiscal Agent shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or 
not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any 
such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 30 ---
- 19 - 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Notes that are issued under the Programme shall either be in the form of Bearer Notes or Registered Notes, 
as set out in the Final Terms for the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
Bearer Notes will not be exchangeable for Registered Notes and Registered Notes will not be exchangeable 
for Bearer Notes. No single Series or Tranche may comprise both Bearer Notes and Registered Notes. 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (a "Temporary 
Global Note") or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, a permanent global note (a "Permanent 
Global Note" and, together with the Temporary Global Note, the "Global Notes"). So long as the Bearer 
Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note and the relevant clearing 
system(s) so permit, the Notes shall be tradeable only in principal amounts of at least the Specified 
Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination) as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Each Global Note which is not intended to be issued in new global note form (a "Classic Global Note" or 
"CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with 
a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system and each 
Global Note which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a "New Global Note" or "NGN"), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, for Notes in definitive bearer form ("Definitive Notes"). The Temporary Global 
Notes may not be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in relation to any issue of Notes which have a 
denomination consisting of the minimum Specified Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another 
smaller amount. In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum 
Specified Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, the Permanent Global 
Note shall only be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note.  
If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership will be a condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a Temporary Global 
Note or receipt of any payment of interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent Global 
Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if 
interest-bearing, either have interest coupons ("Coupons") attached and, if appropriate, a talon ("Talon") 
for further Coupons. 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be represented by either individual note certificates ("Individual 
Note Certificates") or one or more global note certificates ("Global Note Certificates"). 
Each Note represented by a Global Note Certificate will be registered in the name of a common depositary 
(or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
and the relevant Global Note Certificate will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common 
depositary. 
Each Note represented by a Global Note Certificate will either be: (a) in the case of a Certificate which is 
not to be held under the new safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), registered 
in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Note Certificate will be deposited on or about 
the issue date with the common depositary; or (b) in the case of a Certificate to be held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant Global Note Certificate will be deposited on or about the 
issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, the Global Note Certificate shall 
only be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Note Certificate.

--- Page 31 ---
- 20 - 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, duly 
supplemented (if necessary), amended (if necessary) and completed to reflect the particular terms of the 
relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the 
Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the 
"EEA") or in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II")/MiFID II]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of 
Singapore) (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products "]/["capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and ["Excluded Investment Products "]/["Specified Investment 
Products"] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).] 
Final Terms dated [•] 
NEW DEVELOPMENT BANK 
Legal Entity Identifier: 254900VPI91W77OOUM06 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] (the "Notes") under its Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 22 December 2020 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (as used herein, 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the "Base Prospectus"). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, 
including the documents incorporated by reference. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at 
https://www.ndb.int/investor-relations/. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [2019 Conditions]/[•] (the 
"Conditions") incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated [22 December 2020]/[•]. These Final 
Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated

--- Page 32 ---
- 21 - 
[22 December 2020]/[•] [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [date]] in order to obtain all the 
relevant information which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"), save in respect of the Conditions 
which are set forth in the base prospectus dated [12 December 2019]/[•] and are incorporated by reference 
in the Base Prospectus. This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus, 
including the documents incorporated by reference. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at 
https://www.ndb.int/investor-relations.] 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") and, subject to certain exceptions, may not be offered or sold within the United States or 
its possessions or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act ("Regulation S")). Each Dealer has agreed that it will not offer or, sell any Notes within the 
United States or its possessions or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in accordance 
with Rule 903 of Regulation S. 
[In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.] 
[Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, 
except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] (If fungible with an existing Series, details of 
that Series, including the date on which the Notes 
become fungible) 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [•] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
[23] below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[•]] [Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
3. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
4. 
(i) 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] [and integral multiples of [•] in excess thereof 
up to and including [•]. No Notes in definitive form 
will be issued with a denomination above [•]]

--- Page 33 ---
- 22 - 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
6. 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[EURIBOR / LIBOR / SONIA / SOFR +/- [•] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par]/[•] per Calculation Amount] 
10. 
Change of Interest or Redemption/ 
Payment Basis: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
12. 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
13. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
14. 
Date of approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where authorisation is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes ) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/ semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year commencing on [•] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount for a short 
or long Interest Period ("Broken 
Amount(s)"): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]] [Not 
applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365]

--- Page 34 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] 
 
 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Fiscal 
Agent]): 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need to 
specify if the Fiscal Agent is to perform this 
function)] 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable – Term Rate/Applicable – Overnight 
Rate/Not Applicable] 
 
• Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR / LIBOR / SONIA / SOFR] 
 
• Index 
Determination: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (complete for SOFR 
or SONIA Compounded Index only) 
 
• SONIA Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (complete for SONIA 
Compounded Index only) 
 
• SOFR Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (complete for SOFR 
Compounded Index only) 
 
• Relevant Decimal Place: 
[•] (complete for SOFR or SONIA Compounded 
Index only - unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, it will be the fifth decimal place in the case 
of the SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh 
decimal place in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index) 
 
• Relevant Number of Index 
Days: 
[•] (complete for SOFR or SONIA Compounded 
Index only - unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, Relevant Number shall be, in the case of the 
SONIA Compounded Index, five and, in the case of 
the SOFR Compounded Index, two)

--- Page 35 ---
- 24 - 
 
• Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
• Numerator: 
[•]  
 
• "p": 
[•] 
 
• Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
• Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
• Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
• Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
• ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[•] 
 
(xiii) 
Fall back provisions, rounding 
provisions, denominator and any 
other terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest on Floating 
Rate Notes, if different from those 
set out in the Conditions: 
[•] 
 
(xiv) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation / Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]

--- Page 36 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] 
 
 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
and method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
19. 
Maturity Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date 
(Maturity Call) 
[•] 
20. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
and method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation Amount payable on event of 
default or other early redemption and/or 
the method of calculating the same (if 
required or if different from that set out in 
the Conditions): 
[Not Applicable (if the Early Termination Amount 
are the principal amount of the Notes/or the Early 
Termination Amount if different from the principal 
amount of the Notes)]

--- Page 37 ---
- 26 - 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice/at any time/in 
the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note.] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice.] 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice/at any time/in 
the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
[In relation to any Notes issued with a 
denomination of U.S.$100,000 (or equivalent) and 
integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 (or equivalent), 
the Permanent Global Note representing such 
Notes shall only be exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note. Furthermore, such 
Specified Denomination construction is not 
permitted in relation to any issue of Notes which is 
to be represented on issue by a Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes.] 
 
 
Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Global 
Note 
Certificate 
exchangeable 
for 
Individual Note Certificates on [•] days' notice/at 
any time/in the limited circumstances described in 
the Global Note Certificate] 
 
 
[and] 
 
 
[Global Note Certificate [([•] nominal amount)] 
registered in the name of a nominee for [a common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/ a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under 
the New Safekeeping Structure (NSS)).] 
24. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes/No/No, the Notes will be held under the NSS] 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this item 
relates to the date and place of payment, and not 
interest period end dates] 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made/No] 
27. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If the offer of the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged products", "Not Applicable" should be

--- Page 38 ---
- 27 - 
specified. If the offer of the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no KID will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[•] has been extracted from [•]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [•], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
New Development Bank accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. 
SIGNED on behalf of NEW DEVELOPMENT BANK: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 39 ---
- 28 - 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of The Irish Stock Exchange, 
trading as Euronext Dublin with effect from [•].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of The Irish Stock Exchange, 
trading as Euronext Dublin with effect from [•]]. 
 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated [insert details] by [Standard and Poor's 
Global Ratings/Fitch Ratings].] 
 
 
[Each of [Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] 
established in the European Union and is registered 
under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended).] 
 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not 
established in the European Union and [has/have] not 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009.] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. Amend as appropriate if 
there are other interests] 
4. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
5. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Notes Only) 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters]. 
 
The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information. 
6. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES

--- Page 40 ---
- 29 - 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer/use of 
proceeds: 
[As specified in "Use of Proceeds"]/[Green Bonds, 
[•]/Social Bonds, [•]/Sustainability Bonds, [•]]/[•] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[    ], as updated, as set out on] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not Available] 
 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[    ], as updated, as set out on] the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not Available] 
 
 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, it/they should 
be specified to be "Not Applicable") 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[•] 
 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes] [No] 
 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,[include this 
text for registered notes]] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may

--- Page 41 ---
- 30 - 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee 
of 
one 
of 
the 
ICSDs 
acting 
as 
common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes]. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
 
(ix)  
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[EURIBOR / LIBOR / SONIA / SOFR] is provided 
by [administrator legal name]][repeat as necessary]. 
As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat 
as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the Benchmark Regulation]/[As far 
as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the 
Benchmark Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such 
that [name of administrator] is not currently required 
to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located 
outside 
the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence)]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
If syndicated names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated name of Dealer: 
[give name(s)] 
 
(v) 
Stabilising Manager (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]] 
 
 
(In the case of Bearer Notes) – [TEFRA C/TEFRA 
D/ TEFRA not applicable]]

--- Page 42 ---
- 31 - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by 
the relevant Final Terms, will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" above. 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
(a) 
Programme: 
New Development Bank (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(the "Programme") for the issuance of up to U.S.$50,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of 
notes (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of Final 
Terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms and conditions (the "Conditions"). The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions 
and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: 
The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement dated 22 December 2020 (as 
amended and/or supplemented from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, 
HSBC Bank plc as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal 
agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes), HSBC Bank plc as registrar (the 
"Registrar", which expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes), and the paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, 
the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the transfer agents named therein 
(together with the Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression includes any successor or 
additional transfer agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). In these 
Conditions references to the "Agents" are to the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents and any 
reference to an "Agent" is to any one of them. 
(d) 
Deed of Covenant: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), or in registered form ("Registered 
Notes"). Notes are constituted by a deed of covenant dated 22 December 2020 (as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time, the "Deed of Covenant") entered into by the Issuer. 
(e) 
The Notes: 
All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are the subject of 
the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for inspection by 
Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, the initial 
Specified Office of which is set out below. 
(f) 
Summaries: 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of 
Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders") 
and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", 
respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement and the Deed of Covenant applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement and 
the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at

--- Page 43 ---
- 32 - 
the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set 
out below. 
2. 
INTERPRETATION 
(a) 
Definitions: 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings 
in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that: 
(a) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(b) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(c) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and

--- Page 44 ---
- 33 - 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or 
such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction=
[360×(Y2-Y1)]+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 45 ---
- 34 - 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30"; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction=
[360×(Y2-Y1)]+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction=
[360x(Y2-Y1)]+[30×(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and

--- Page 46 ---
- 35 - 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Holder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, 
has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to 
Registered Notes); 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA Benchmarks Supplement" means the Benchmarks Supplement (as amended and updated 
as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms)) published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, as supplemented by any applicable supplement 
to ISDA Definitions) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.); 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 47 ---
- 36 - 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, 
has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer – Title to 
Registered Notes); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Maturity Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre 
of such Member State of the EU as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the 
case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon 
deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem 
a Note at the option of the Noteholder;

--- Page 48 ---
- 37 - 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable 
in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Record Date" has the meaning given in Condition 10 (Payments – Registered Notes); 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination 
Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major 
banks selected by the Calculation Agent in consultation with the Issuer in the market that is most 
closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which 
the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such 
due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices); 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or 
such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to 
the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 49 ---
- 38 - 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 
November 2007; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which the TARGET2 is open for the settlement 
of payments in euro; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Union, as amended; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any other amount in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated to have the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, but the 
relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression is "not 
applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; and 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the 
Notes. 
3. 
FORM, DENOMINATION, TITLE AND TRANSFER 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: 
Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes with more 
than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Notes: 
Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. In the case of Bearer Notes, "Holder" 
means the holder of such Bearer Note and "Noteholder" and "Couponholder" shall be construed 
accordingly.

--- Page 50 ---
- 39 - 
(c) 
Registered Notes: 
Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum 
denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a smaller 
amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Notes: 
The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued to each Holder of Registered 
Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially with an 
identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered Notes, 
"Holder" means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered 
in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and "Noteholder" shall 
be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership: 
The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of Registered 
Notes, on the Note Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any 
notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Notes: 
Subject to Condition 3(i) (Closed periods) and Condition 3(j) (Regulations concerning transfers 
and registration) below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant Note 
Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may 
be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority 
of the individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a Registered 
Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred and (where 
not all of the Registered Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the 
balance of Registered Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations. Where not all the 
Registered Notes represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a 
new Note Certificate in respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the 
transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: 
Within five business days of the surrender of a Note Certificate in accordance with Condition 3(f) 
(Transfers of Registered Notes) above, the Registrar will register the transfer in question and 
deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the Registered Notes transferred to 
each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the Specified Office of any 
Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by uninsured first class mail 
(airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant Holder. In this 
Condition 3, "business day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) 
the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge: 
The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer or 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but upon payment by the applicant of (or the giving by the 
applicant of such indemnity as the Issuer, Registrar or (as the case may be) Transfer Agent may 
require in respect of) any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed 
in connection with such transfer.

--- Page 51 ---
- 40 - 
(i) 
Closed periods: 
Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days ending on the 
due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: 
All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations 
concerning the transfer of Registered Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations 
may be changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current 
regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any Noteholder who requests in 
writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
STATUS 
The Notes constitute the direct and unconditional obligations of the Issuer which will at all times 
rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of 
law that are both of mandatory and general application. 
THE NOTES ARE NOT OBLIGATIONS OF ANY GOVERNMENT. 
5. 
FIXED RATE NOTE PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Application: 
This Condition 5 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: 
The Notes bear interest from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments – 
Bearer Notes) and Condition 10 (Payments – Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the 
Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear 
interest in accordance with this Condition 5 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is 
the earlier of: (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder; and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the relevant 
Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount in respect of the 
relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for which a Fixed Coupon 
Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure 
to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note 
divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.

--- Page 52 ---
- 41 - 
6. 
FLOATING RATE NOTE PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Application: 
This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: 
The Notes bear interest from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments – 
Bearer Notes) and Condition 10 (Payments – Registered Notes). Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the 
Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear 
interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is 
the earlier of: (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder; and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate 
If Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial 
Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as 
the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation 
Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with 
the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the 
arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
Where a different Margin or maximum Rate of Interest or minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied

--- Page 53 ---
- 42 - 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin or maximum Rate of Interest or minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or maximum or minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to that last preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate  
(i) 
If Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and the "Overnight Reference Rate" is specified as Compounded Daily SONIA, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily 
SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
As used herein: 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate 
as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent or the Issuer on the Interest Determination Date in question, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 x 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖= 1
−1቏x 
365
𝑑𝑑
 
"d" means, for any Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such Observation 
Period; 
"do" means, for any Observation Period, the number of London Banking Days in such 
Observation Period; 
"i" means, for any Observation Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in such Observation Period to, and including, 
the last London Banking Day in such Observation Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
"p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes are due and payable); 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"ni" means, for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
"p" means, for any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 54 ---
- 43 - 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and 
as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on the London 
Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the SONIA Reference Rate. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA 
only compounds the SONIA rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA rate 
applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA 
rate for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period, the 
Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available or has not 
been published by the relevant authorised distributors, the Calculation Agent will 
determine such SONIA Reference Rate as being, subject to Condition 6(i): 
(i) 
(A) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (B) the mean of the spread of 
the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London 
Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding 
the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, 
one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(ii) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on 
the relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
paragraphs of this Condition 6(d)(i) by the Calculation Agent, the Rate of Interest shall 
be: (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the 
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such 
Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11 
(Events of Default), in respect of Notes to which this Condition 6(d)(i) applies, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any 
such Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(ii) 
If Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and the "Overnight Reference Rate" is specified as Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of

--- Page 55 ---
- 44 - 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily 
SOFR plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this reason, in 
determining Compounded Daily SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other 
provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the Observation Period will be multiplied by the number of 
calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day.  
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded Daily SOFR (or the daily 
SOFR used in the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, 
then the provisions under Condition6(d)(iii) below will apply. 
For these purposes: 
"Interest Period" means each period from, and including, an Interest Payment Date (or, 
in the case of the first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, 
the next Interest Payment Date (or, in the case of the final Interest Period, the Maturity 
Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes on any earlier redemption date, the relevant 
redemption date); 
"Interest Payment Determination Dates" means the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days before each Interest Payment Date where "p" has the value 
ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
and is not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) 
and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required 
by law or regulation to be closed; 
"Observation Period" in respect of each Interest Period means the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the 
first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:  
(i)  
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii)  
if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was 
published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or any successor source; and 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following 
formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 
0.00001):

--- Page 56 ---
- 45 - 
 
where:  
"do" for any Observation Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Observation Period;  
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation Period;  
"SOFRi," for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day "i";  
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Observation 
Period, is the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day ("i+1"); and  
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
(iii) 
If: (A) the Reference Rate Replacement is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms; and (B) if the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time 
that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will 
replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In 
connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have 
the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders.  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this 
section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take 
or refrain from taking any action or any selection:  
(i)  
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and  
(iii)  
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or 
any other party.  
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded Daily SOFR, as such term is defined above; 
provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to Compounded Daily SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) 
or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i)  
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark; and (B) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;

--- Page 57 ---
- 46 - 
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate; and (B) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; and (B) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date:  
(i)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including 
changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides 
may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner 
as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof):  
(i)  
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," 
the later of: (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein; and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or  
(ii)  
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such

--- Page 58 ---
- 47 - 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or  
(iii) 
 a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate 
derivatives published from time to time;  
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect 
to the Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means: (i) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded Daily SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time; and (ii) if the 
Benchmark is not Compounded Daily SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after 
giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(iv) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under Condition 
6(d)(iii) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take 
effect.  
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
Confirming: (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred; (y) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement; and (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement

--- Page 59 ---
- 48 - 
Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 6(d)(iii); and  
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination – Index Determination 
Where Index Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference rate 
for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
(𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆−1) 𝑋𝑋 𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁
𝑑𝑑
 
to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as determined and 
calculated by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, where: 
"Compounded Index" shall mean either SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR 
Compounded Index, as specified in the Final Terms; 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as published 
at 10:00 (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) 
on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SOFR rate as published at 
15:00 (New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any 
successor source; 
"End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant 
Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such 
other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition 
or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant 
Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined; 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in the case 
of the SOFR Compounded Index, 360, or as otherwise specified in the Final Terms; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the 
fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh decimal 
place in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, in each case rounded up or down, if 
necessary (with 0.000005 or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 being rounded upwards); 
and 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless otherwise 
specified, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index shall be five and in the case of the 
SOFR Compounded Index shall be two. 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking 
Days, and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days;

--- Page 60 ---
- 49 - 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day 
for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of the relevant Compounded 
Index, if, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the 
relevant Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End date, then the Calculation 
Agent shall calculate the rate of interest for that Interest Period as if Index Determination 
was not specified in the applicable Final Terms and as if Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR (as defined in Condition 6(d)(ii)) had been specified instead in 
the Final Terms and where "p" for the purposes of that definition in Condition 6(d)(ii) 
shall be deemed to be the same as the Relevant Number specified in the Final Terms. 
(e) 
ISDA Determination: 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest 
Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation 
to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the relevant 
Floating Rate Option is based on LIBOR for a currency, the first day of that Interest Period 
or (B) in any other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time 
next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such 
rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
"Applicable Maturity" means (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate and 
Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate 
and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(g) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified.

--- Page 61 ---
- 50 - 
(h) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect 
of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the 
relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a 
fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation 
Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(i) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement (SOFR): 
This Condition 6(i) (Benchmark Discontinuation) shall not apply to Notes for which the 
Reference Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR", in respect of 
which the provisions of Condition 6(d)(ii) and benchmark discontinuation provisions of 
Condition 6(d)(iii) will apply. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement (ARRC):  
(A) 
If Reference Rate Replacement is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
(B) 
In the case of U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Notes only (other than a Note 
for which the "Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
"SOFR" and in respect of which the provisions of Condition 6(d)(ii) and 
benchmark discontinuation provisions of Condition 6(d)(iii) will apply), the 
following provisions shall apply:  
(1) 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the 
Benchmark Replacement (ARRC) will replace the then-current 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent 
dates. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement (ARRC), the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders. 
(2) 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer 
pursuant to this section, including any determination with respect to a 
tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection:  
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and  
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation 
relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
from the holders of the Notes or any other party.

--- Page 62 ---
- 51 - 
As used in this Condition 6(i)(ii) (Benchmark Discontinuation - Benchmark Replacement 
(ARRC)): 
"Benchmark" means, initially, U.S. dollar LIBOR; provided that if a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to U.S. dollar LIBOR or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement (ARRC); 
"Benchmark Replacement (ARRC)" means the Interpolated Benchmark with respect to 
the then-current Benchmark; provided that if the Issuer cannot determine the Interpolated 
Benchmark as of the Benchmark Replacement Date, then "Benchmark Replacement 
(ARRC)" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined 
by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i)  
the sum of: (a) Term SOFR; and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii)  
the sum of: (a) Compounded SOFR; and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(iii)  
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
(iv)  
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate; and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; and 
(v)  
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or 
its designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of 
interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time; and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(iii)  
 the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof):  
(i)  
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," 
the later of: (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein; and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or

--- Page 63 ---
- 52 - 
(ii)  
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination;  
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including 
changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides 
may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines 
that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner 
as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or  
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor 
(including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day 
adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark; 
"Interpolated Benchmark" with respect to the Benchmark means the rate determined for 
the Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (i) the Benchmark for 
the longest period (for which the Benchmark is available) that is shorter than the 
Corresponding Tenor; and (ii) the Benchmark for the shortest period (for which the 
Benchmark is available) that is longer than the Corresponding Tenor; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate 
derivatives published from time to time;

--- Page 64 ---
- 53 - 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means: (i) if the 
Benchmark is U.S. dollar LIBOR, 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the day that is two London 
banking days preceding the date of such determination; and (ii) if the Benchmark is not 
U.S. dollar LIBOR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
and 
"Term SOFR" means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable Corresponding 
Tenor based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body. 
(iii) 
Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser): 
(A) 
If Reference Rate Replacement is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
(B) 
Other than in the case of a U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Note, if a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate when the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest Period remains to be 
determined by reference to such Reference Rate, the following provisions shall 
apply: 
(1) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser for the determination (with the Issuer's agreement) of a 
Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer agree that there is no Successor Rate, an alternative rate (the 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate") and, in either case, an alternative 
screen page or source (the "Alternative Relevant Screen Page") and an 
Adjustment Spread (if applicable) no later than three (3) Business Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the next 
succeeding Interest Period (the "Interest Determination Cut-off Date") 
for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 6(i)(iii) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent 
Adviser))). 
(2) 
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have 
no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Agents or the Noteholders for 
any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 6(i)(iii) 
(Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)); 
(3) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Independent 
Adviser and the Issuer acting in good faith agree has replaced the relevant 
Reference Rate (as applicable) in customary market usage for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest in respect of eurobonds 
denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if the Independent Adviser 
and the Issuer agree that there is no such rate, such other rate as the

--- Page 65 ---
- 54 - 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer acting in good faith agree is most 
comparable to the relevant Reference Rate, and the Alternative Relevant 
Screen Page shall be such page of an information service as displays the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(4) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select 
a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative 
Relevant Screen Page prior to the Interest Determination Cut-off Date in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, then the Issuer (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine which (if 
any) rate has replaced the relevant in customary market usage for 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest in respect of eurobonds 
denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if it determines that there is 
no such rate, which (if any) rate is most comparable to the relevant 
Reference Rate (as applicable), and the Alternative Benchmark Rate 
shall be the rate so determined by the Issuer and the Alternative Relevant 
Screen Page shall be such page of an information service as displays the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate; provided, however, that if this sub-
paragraph (iii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine 
an Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page 
prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding 
Interest Period in accordance with this sub-paragraph (iii), the Reference 
Rate applicable to such Interest Period shall be equal to the Reference 
Rate for a term equivalent to the relevant Interest Period published on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period (as applicable), the relevant Margin relating to the Interest 
Period, in place of the margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period). For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the next 
succeeding Interest Period, and any subsequent Interest Periods are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, 
the first paragraph of this Condition 6(i)(iii); 
(5) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Alternative 
Relevant Screen Page is determined in accordance with the preceding 
provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and 
Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the benchmark and the 
Relevant Screen Page in relation to the Notes for all future Interest 
Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 6(i)(iii)); 
(6) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith, determines that (A) an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark 
Rate and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate for 
each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate; 
(7) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with the above provisions, the 
Independent Adviser (with the Issuer's agreement) or the Issuer (as the 
case may be), may also specify changes to the Day Count Fraction, 
Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, 
Interest Determination Date and/or the definition of Reference Rate 
applicable to the Notes, and the method for determining the fallback rate 
in relation to the Notes, in order to follow market practice in relation to

--- Page 66 ---
- 55 - 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread, which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest 
Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 6(i)(iii)); and 
(8) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen 
Page and Adjustment Spread (if any) give notice thereof and of any 
changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (vi) above to the Calculation Agent, 
the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices). 
As used in this Condition 6(i)(iii): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) 
to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), 
the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for 
the Reference Rate; or 
(C) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(D) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be 
appropriate. 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 6(i)(iii)(B)(1) is customary 
in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the Specified 
Currency. 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen 
Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed 
that will continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing 
such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by 
a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"); or

--- Page 67 ---
- 56 - 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a future specified date (the 
"Specified Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate that means that such Reference Rate will, by a future specified date (the 
"Specified Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of 
the Notes; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor: (i) such Reference Rate 
is or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be no longer 
representative of an underlying market; or (ii) the methodology to calculate such 
Reference Rate has materially changed; or 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to 
be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, 
if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a 
public statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D) or (E) above and the Specified Future 
Date in the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, 
the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed occur until the date falling six months prior to 
such Specified Future Date. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer 
under Condition 6(i)(iii)(B)(1). 
(j) 
Calculation of other amounts: 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that any other amount is to be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any such 
amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(k) 
Publication: 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, 
together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be 
determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which 
the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after 
such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall 
also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate 
any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each 
Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in 
respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(l) 
Notifications etc: 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 6 by the Calculation Agent

--- Page 68 ---
- 57 - 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the 
Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions for such purposes. 
7. 
ZERO COUPON NOTE PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Application: 
This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or 
refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date 
to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) 
the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has 
received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent 
that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
8. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed at their Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments – Bearer 
Notes) and Condition 10 (Payments – Registered Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: 
(i) 
If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes 
may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to 
redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued 
interest (if any) to such date). 
(ii) 
If the Maturity Call option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Issuer may, having given not less than 30 days' notice nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption) in the period from but excluding the date falling on the Optional Redemption 
Date (Maturity Call), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding at the 
principal amount outstanding of the Notes, together with interest accrued to but excluding 
the date fixed for redemption. 
(c) 
Partial redemption: 
If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 8(b) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing 
of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers 
appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of each listing authority, stock 
exchange, regulated market and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation, and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition

--- Page 69 ---
- 58 - 
8(b) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be 
redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: 
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at 
the option of the Holder of any Note redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) 
specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) 
together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this 
Condition 8(d), the Holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with 
all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form 
obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall 
deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited 
with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 8(d), may be 
withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any 
such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly 
withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing 
Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option 
Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder 
against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held 
by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 8(d), the depositor of such Note and not such 
Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the Holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(e) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal 
to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 8(e) or, 
if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(f) 
No other redemption: 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in Conditions 8(a) 
(Scheduled redemption) to 8(e) (Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes) above. 
(g) 
Purchase: 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price and such 
Notes may be held, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for 
cancellation (provided that, if the Notes are to be cancelled, they are purchased together with all 
unmatured Coupons relating to them). 
(h) 
Cancellation: 
All Notes redeemed and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be 
cancelled and all Notes so cancelled and any Notes cancelled pursuant to Condition 8(g) 
(Purchase) above (together with all unmatured Coupons cancelled with them) may not be reissued 
or resold.

--- Page 70 ---
- 59 - 
9. 
PAYMENTS – BEARER NOTES 
This Condition 9 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: 
Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made 
in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be 
credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre 
of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of 
London). 
(b) 
Interest: 
Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 9(f) (Payments on business days) below, be made 
only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate 
Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner 
described in Condition 9(a) (Principal) above. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: 
All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws and regulations in the place of payment. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Bearer 
Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that 
if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for 
payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) 
as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons 
(the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that where this sub-Condition would otherwise 
require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon 
shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) which 
the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal 
due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in 
Condition 9(a) (Principal) above against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons.

--- Page 71 ---
- 60 - 
(e) 
Unmatured Coupons void: 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that this Condition 9 is applicable or that the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Bearer Note or early 
redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 8(d) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders), Condition 8(b) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 11 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons 
relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in 
respect thereof. 
(f) 
Payments on business days: 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon is not a 
Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled to payment in 
such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and 
shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(g) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: 
Payments of interest other than in respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against 
presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States. 
(h) 
Partial payments: 
If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon presented to 
it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and date 
of such payment. 
(i) 
Exchange of Talons: 
On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of issue) part of a 
Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be 
exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already 
become void pursuant to Condition 12 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any 
Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will 
be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
10. 
PAYMENTS – REGISTERED NOTES 
This Condition 10 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) 
Principal: 
Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due 
drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the 
Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer 
to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal 
Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank 
in the City of London) and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent. 
(b) 
Interest: 
Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due 
drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the 
Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer 
to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal

--- Page 72 ---
- 61 - 
Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank 
in the City of London) and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: 
All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or 
other laws and regulations in the place of payment. No commissions or expenses shall be charged 
to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days: 
Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment instructions (for value the due 
date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the next succeeding Payment 
Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be 
mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of 
the due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in 
the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the 
case of payments of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. A 
Holder of a Registered Note shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any 
delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day 
or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition 10 arriving after the due date for payment 
or being lost in the mail. 
(e) 
Partial payments: 
If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, the Issuer shall 
procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in the case of 
partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount and 
the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date: 
Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the Holder in 
the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar's Specified Office on the 
fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date"). Where payment in respect 
of a Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as 
the address of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date. 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any of the following events or circumstances occurs and continues in relation to the Notes (each 
an "Event of Default"): 
(a) 
Non-payment: 
The Issuer defaults in the payment in full of any principal or interest due on the Notes on the due 
date and such default continues for a period of 90 days. 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: 
The Issuer fails to perform any of its other covenants under any of the Notes and such failure 
continues for the period of 90 days after written notice thereof shall have been given to the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent at the office of the Fiscal Agent by the holders of not less than 25% in principal 
amount of all the Notes at the time outstanding. 
(c) 
Cross-acceleration: 
The Issuer defaults, as defined in any instruments evidencing, securing or protecting any notes or 
bonds (other than the Notes) which shall have been issued, assumed or guaranteed by the Issuer, 
and maturing more than one year from the date of its issuance, with respect to more than 5 per cent.

--- Page 73 ---
- 62 - 
of the Issuer paid-in-capital, and the maturity of such instruments shall have been accelerated so 
that the same shall have become due and payable prior to the date on which the same would 
otherwise have become due and payable and such acceleration shall not have been rescinded or 
annulled. 
If any Event of Default shall occur and continue in relation to the Notes, then the principal of the 
Notes then outstanding (if not already due) may be declared to be due and payable on the thirtieth 
day following written notice given to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent at the office of the Fiscal 
Agent by the holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the Notes at the time 
outstanding, unless all Events of Default in respect of the Notes have been cured prior to the 
expiration of such 30 days' period. If, at any time after the principal of the Notes shall have been 
so declared due and payable and before any judgment or decree for the payment of amounts due 
thereon shall have been entered, all arrears of interest upon the Notes and all other sums due in 
respect thereof, except any principal or interest payments which shall not have matured or come 
due by their terms, shall have been duly paid by the Issuer and all other Events of Default 
thereunder shall have been cured, the holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the 
Notes then outstanding, by written notice given to the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent at the office of the 
Fiscal Agent, may rescind such declaration, but no such rescission shall impair any right 
consequent on any subsequent Event of Default. 
12. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes 
are presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest in 
respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment 
within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for principal and interest on redemption 
in respect of Registered Notes shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates are 
surrendered for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
13. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES AND COUPONS 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, 
in the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or 
Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses 
incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity 
and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Note Certificates 
or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14. 
AGENTS 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation 
Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserve the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or 
registrar or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent and a Registrar; and 
(ii) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(iii) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer

--- Page 74 ---
- 63 - 
shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the 
place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such 
a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing 
by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more 
persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Notes or the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or 
any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate 
of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the 
Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than 
two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any 
meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present 
at the meeting, and on all Couponholders.  
The Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which 
is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of the law. 
In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree such modifications to the Agency 
Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to Condition 6(i) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) in connection with effecting any Alternative Reference Rate, 
Successor Rate, Adjustment Spread, or related changes referred to in Condition 6(i) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) without the requirement for the consent or sanction of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, to create and issue further notes ranking equally in all respects (or in all respects 
save for the date for and amount of the first payment of interest thereon) so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with the Notes.

--- Page 75 ---
- 64 - 
17. 
NOTICES 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: 
Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published: (a) in a leading English language 
daily newspaper of general circulation in London; and (b) if and for so long as the Bearer Notes 
are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading 
as Euronext Dublin, a daily newspaper of general circulation in Ireland. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London and the Irish Times in 
Dublin. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for 
the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more 
than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required 
newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any 
notice given to the Noteholders. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: 
Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class mail (or its 
equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the 
Register or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper 
having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the 
fourth day after the date of mailing. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in 
a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which 
the Registered Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
18. 
ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the 
Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
(i) 
Subject to Condition 19(b)(vii), any dispute, controversy, difference or claim arising out 
of, relating to, or in connection with the Notes, including the existence, validity, 
interpretation, performance, breach or termination thereof or any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of, relating to, or in connection with the Notes or the consequence 
of their nullity, shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration administered by the 
Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre ("HKIAC") under the HKIAC Administered 
Arbitration Rules in force when the Notice of Arbitration is submitted (the "HKIAC 
Rules"). 
(ii) 
The seat of the arbitration shall be Hong Kong. Hong Kong law will be the procedural law 
of any arbitration hereunder.

--- Page 76 ---
- 65 - 
(iii) 
The arbitral tribunal shall consist of three arbitrators. The members of the arbitral tribunal 
shall be appointed in the manner set out in the HKIAC Rules. The appointing authority 
shall be HKIAC. The language of the arbitration shall be English. 
(iv) 
Unless otherwise expressly provided in the relevant Final Terms, the arbitral tribunal will 
have no authority to award (i) punitive damages or (ii) damages for consequential or 
indirect losses. 
(v) 
The arbitral tribunal shall not be authorised to grant, and no holder of Notes shall seek 
from any judicial authority, any interim measures or pre-award or emergency relief against 
the Issuer, notwithstanding any provisions of the HKIAC Rules to the contrary. 
(vi) 
At the election of the Issuer, any further dispute, controversy or claim which arises out of 
these Notes shall be consolidated with any ongoing proceedings before the arbitral tribunal, 
but no other party shall be joined to, and no other disputes, controversies or claims shall 
be consolidated with, such on-going proceedings before the arbitral tribunal. 
(vii) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Condition 19(b), nothing contained herein or in the 
relevant Final Terms shall operate or be regarded as a waiver, renunciation or other 
modification by the Issuer of any status, immunities, privileges or exemptions of the Issuer 
under its Articles of Agreement, all of its basic documents, any applicable law or 
international practice.

--- Page 77 ---
- 66 - 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the sale of the Notes will be used as general corporate resources of the Issuer and/or 
will be used to finance sustainable development activities in the Issuer's member states. 
The Issuer's mandate is to mobilise resources for infrastructure and sustainable development projects in its 
member states and other emerging economies and developing countries. This principle pervades the Issuer's 
policies and operations, gearing the Issuer's focus towards supporting its member states to achieve their 
development aspirations, especially those articulated in the United Nations' 2030 Agenda for Sustainable 
Development and the 2015 Paris Agreement on Climate Change. To fulfil its purpose, the Issuer supports 
public or private projects through loans, guarantees, equity participation and other financial instruments. It 
also cooperates with other international organisations and financial entities and provides technical 
assistance for projects supported by the Issuer. 
Pending their use, the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes will be invested as part of the Issuer's liquid 
assets. 
The Notes may also be referred to as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or "Sustainability Bonds" (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms). If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified 
use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 78 ---
- 67 - 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
1. 
BACKGROUND AND HISTORY 
1.1 
The Governments of the Federative Republic of Brazil ("Brazil"), the Russian Federation 
("Russia"), the Republic of India ("India"), the People's Republic of China ("China") and the 
Republic of South Africa ("South Africa" and collectively, the "BRICS" countries), signed the 
Agreement on the New Development Bank and its annexed Articles of Agreement of the New 
Development Bank (the "Articles of Agreement") on 15 July 2014. The Articles of Agreement 
entered into force on 3 July 2015, formalising the establishment of the Issuer as a multilateral 
development bank. Whilst its headquarters are located in Shanghai, the Issuer is not subject to the 
laws nor is it registered under the laws, of any particular jurisdiction. However, as per Article 5(5) 
of Agreement between NDB and China entered into on 27 February 2016, the law applicable in 
China shall apply within the headquarters of NDB. Otherwise, the Issuer's existence, powers, 
privileges, immunities, liabilities and operations are solely subject to and governed by the Articles 
of Agreement.  
1.2 
The purpose of the Issuer is to mobilise resources for infrastructure and sustainable development 
projects in BRICS and other emerging economies and developing countries to complement the 
existing efforts of multilateral and regional financial institutions for global growth and 
development. 
1.3 
The authorised capital of the Issuer is USD 100 billion and the initial subscribed capital of the 
Issuer is USD 50 billion. Each founding member initially subscribed for 100,000 shares, investing 
an aggregate of USD 10 billion; of which 20,000 shares correspond to paid-in capital and 80,000 
shares correspond to callable capital. The voting power of each member is equal to its subscribed 
shares in the capital of the Issuer. Pursuant to the Articles of Agreement, the contribution of the 
amount initially subscribed by each founding member to the paid-in capital was to be made in 
dollars, in 7 instalments. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer had received all paid-in 
capital contributions on time or in advance of the schedule stipulated in the Articles of Agreement. 
As at 30 September 2020, the paid-in capital received is USD 7.2 billion in total. 
 
Number 
of Shares 
Share 
Holding 
Voting 
Rights 
 
 
(% of Total) 
Country 
 
 
 
Brazil ...............................................................................................................  
100,000 
20 
20 
Russia ..............................................................................................................  
100,000 
20 
20 
India ................................................................................................................  
100,000 
20 
20 
China ...............................................................................................................  
100,000 
20 
20 
South Africa ....................................................................................................  
100,000 
20 
20 
Unallocated Shares ..........................................................................................  
500,000 
– 
– 
Total ................................................................................................................  
1000,000 
100 
100 
 
1.4 
In addition to the founding members, membership is open to members of the United Nations at 
such times and in accordance with such terms and conditions as the Issuer shall determine by a 
special majority at a meeting of the Board of Governors. 
1.5 
At the second Annual Meeting of the Board of Governors of the New Development Bank, held on  
1 April 2017, the Board of Governors approved the Terms, Conditions and Procedures for the 
Admission of New Members. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the process of expansion of 
membership is ongoing and admission of a new member is yet to take place. 
1.6 
The registered address and principal place of business of the Issuer is 32-36 Floors, BRICS Tower, 
333 Lujiazui Ring Road, Pudong Area, Shanghai – 200120, China and its business telephone 
number is +86 (0)21 80216131. The website of the Issuer is www.ndb.int. The information 
contained on the Issuer's website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
2. 
MANAGEMENT STRATEGY 
2.1 
The overarching goal of the NDB for the coming five years is to build on the progress achieved 
since the beginning of its operations in July 2015 and to firmly establish NDB as a trusted provider

--- Page 79 ---
- 68 - 
of development cooperation services and a financial intermediary aimed at safeguarding resources 
contributed by shareholders and investors. 
2.2 
As at 30 September 2020, NDB has approved 63 projects in all member countries with loans 
aggregating over USD 20.406 billion. All projects are coherent with NDB's core focus on 
infrastructure and sustainable development. 
The following table sets forth a breakdown of approved loans, cancelled loans, maximum facility 
of loans, effective facility of loans and principal made by NDB as at 31 December 2019, 30 
September 2019 and 30 September 2020: 
Loans 
 
 
31 
December 
30 September 
 
Metric 
2019 
2019 
2020 
Approved loans .......................................................... 
Number 
521 
422 
633  
Cancelled loans .......................................................... 
Number 
2 
1 
3 
Approved loans .......................................................... 
USD 
million 
15,1524  
11,5565 
20,4066  
Cancelled loans .......................................................... 
USD 
million 
319 
250 
613 
Maximum facility of loans ......................................... 
USD 
million 
9,366 
8,219 
12,943 
Effective facility of loans ........................................... 
USD 
million 
8,459 
6,832 
19,993 
Principal .................................................................... 
USD 
million 
1,538 
1,076 
6,178 
 
 
The following table sets forth a breakdown of loans approved by area of operation as at the years 
ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 and the period ended 30 September 2020: 
Loans approved by area of operation 
 
31 December 
30 
September  
 
2019 
2018 
2020 
 
(USD millions) 
Clean energy ...................................................................................... 
3,7697 
2,1878 
3,6989 
Environmental efficiency ................................................................... 
1,200 
700 
1,200 
Irrigation, Water resource management and Sanitation...................... 
2,080 
1,426 
2,15210 
Social infrastructure ........................................................................... 
960 
460 
5,037 
Sustainable Urban Development ........................................................  
- 
- 
500 
Transport infrastructure ..................................................................... 
4,49011 
2,175 
4,66912 
Urban development ............................................................................ 
2,653 
1,130 
3,150 
Total .................................................................................................. 
15,152 
8,078 
20,406 
 
 
1  Includes USD 69 million loan to the Russian Federation for the Ufa eastern exit project cancelled in 2019 (the "UFA Loan") and 
USD 250 million loan to Canara Bank for its renewable energy financing scheme cancelled in 2018 (the "Canara Loan"). 
2  Includes the Canara Loan.   
3  Includes the USD 294 million loan to the People’s Republic of China for an ecological development project in Hunan cancelled in 
2020 (the "Hunan Loan"), the UFA Loan and the Canara Loan.   
4  Includes the UFA Loan and the Canara Loan. 
5  Includes the Canara Loan. 
6  Includes the Hunan Loan, the UFA Loan and the Canara Loan.    
7  Includes the Canara Loan.  
8  Includes the Canara Loan.  
9  Includes the Canara Loan.  
10  Includes the Hunan Loan. 
11  Includes the UFA Loan. 
12  Includes the UFA Loan.

--- Page 80 ---
- 69 - 
The following table sets forth a breakdown of loans approved by type of operation as at the years 
ended 31 December 2019 and 2018 and the period ended 30 September 2020. 
Loans approved by type of operation 
 
31 December 
30 
September  
 
2019 
2018 
2020 
 
(USD millions) 
Sovereign ............................................................................................................ 
12,25413 
6,6781415 
17,17916 
Non-sovereign ..................................................................................................... 
2,898 
1,40017 
3,227 
Total ................................................................................................................... 
15,152 
8,078 
20,406 
 
2.3 
Non-performing Loans 
The Issuer applies IFRS9 three-stage approach for provisioning and monitors financial assets for 
non-performance on an ongoing basis. The Issuer identifies financial assets as being credit-
impaired (stage 3) when one or more events that could have a detrimental impact on future cash 
flows of the financial asset have occurred. NDB has not identified exposure to non-performing 
loans or financial assets as at 30 September 2020. 
2.4 
NDB intends to focus its business in three broad areas: relationships, projects and instruments, and 
approaches: 
2.4.1  
New Relationships. A relationship of equality, mutual respect and trust between NDB and member 
countries permeates all aspects of the Issuer's policies and operations. National sovereignty is 
paramount. NDB supports projects tailored to the needs of individual countries, respecting their 
development priorities and strategies. The Issuer follows, whenever possible, nationally-defined 
laws and procedures on project implementation without compromising quality. While NDB is open 
to advanced country members, the Issuer intends to remain governed by emerging markets and 
developing economies, and policies, project selection, and relationship with borrowers will reflect 
that. Most of NDB's decisions are taken on the basis of a simple majority, and no single member 
has veto power over any matter. These arrangements strengthen NDB by giving all members a 
stake in the success of the institution. 
2.4.2 
New Projects and Instruments. Sustainable infrastructure development is at the core of NDB's 
operational strategy. Physical infrastructure is a critical enabler of faster and inclusive economic 
growth, and sustainability criteria are essential to ensure this infrastructure safeguards the physical 
and social environment for current and future generations. NDB is helping to fill an important gap 
in the global development finance architecture, as financing for and technical expertise in 
sustainable infrastructure development is limited, despite growing demand. NDB retains the 
flexibility to provide funding to other areas, including traditional infrastructure and sustainable 
development projects in line with the borrowing country's overall development agenda. Local 
currency financing is a key component of NDB's value proposition, as it mitigates risks faced by 
borrowers and supports the deepening of capital markets of member countries. 
2.4.3 
New Approaches. NDB aims to be fast, flexible and efficient by designing a more streamlined 
project review and implementation oversight without unnecessary bureaucracy. The Issuer is using 
a risk-based approach to project approval and oversight that mandates more intensive ex-ante 
reviews for complex, risky projects, while low-risk projects go through a more streamlined 
procedure with ex-post checks. Staff performance indicators and incentives are designed to be 
oriented towards risk evaluation, disbursement and outcomes, rather than just approvals. A lean 
and flat organization structure, able to evolve as NDB grows, will result in lower administrative 
costs and more efficient decision-making. At the outset, NDB is operating with a non-resident 
 
13  Includes the UFA Loan and the Canara Loan. 
14  Includes the Canara Loan. 
15  Includes the Canara Loan. 
16  Includes the UFA Loan, Canara Loan and the Hunan Loan. 
17  USD 700 million relates to approved loans to national financial institutions and USD 700 million relates to loans approved in the 
private sector.

--- Page 81 ---
- 70 - 
Board of Directors, which also reduces administrative costs and focuses Board debates on high-
level policy issues and particularly complex projects, rather than routine day-to-day operations. 
2.5  
Business operations and principal activities 
2.5.1 
The Issuer intends to make use of the financial model of other multilateral development banks, as 
financial institutions created by governments, to leverage capital for development purposes, to 
contribute to the investment needs of the founding members and other emerging markets and 
developing countries. 
2.5.2 
To fulfil its purpose, the Issuer supports infrastructure and sustainable development projects, in 
both the public or private sectors. Initially, this support is offered through loans. Subsequently, the 
Issuer proposes to use other instruments such as guarantees and equity participation, as well as 
other financial instruments. 
2.5.3 
The Issuer is helping to fill an important gap in the global development finance architecture, as 
financing for, and technical expertise in sustainable infrastructure development is limited, despite 
the growing demand in this area. 
2.5.4 
The Issuer retains the flexibility to provide funding in other areas, including traditional 
infrastructure and sustainable development projects in line with the borrowing country's overall 
development agenda and intends to utilise a full range of financing instruments, moving beyond 
long-term loans to include guarantees, syndicated loans with private investors, equity investments, 
project bonds and co-financing arrangements with national and multilateral development finance 
institutions. 
2.5.5 
Local currency financing is a key component of the Issuer's value proposition, as it mitigates risks 
faced by borrowers and supports the deepening of capital markets of member countries. The Issuer 
has established the following funding platforms for the purposes of raising finance in the capital 
markets from time to time: 
• 
an RMB 20,000,000,000 domestic medium term note programme in China; 
• 
a ZAR 10,000,000,000 domestic medium term note programme in South Africa; 
• 
a USD 8,000,000,000 euro-commercial paper programme; and 
• 
a RUB 100,000,000,000 domestic medium term note programme in Russia. 
2.5.6 
As at 30 September 2020, the total outstanding balance of: (i) financial liabilities designated at fair 
value through profit or loss (consisting of USD and RMB – denominated bonds) was USD 5,404 
million; and (ii) note payables (consisting of euro-commercial papers with a maturity of less than 
1 year) was USD 3,511 million. 
2.6 
Funding 
2.6.1 
The Issuer's funding strategy aims to ensure that sufficient resources are available to meet the 
Issuer's liquidity needs. This is primarily driven by the Issuer's expanding loan portfolio as well as 
its operating and other expenses. Broadly, the Issuer's funding strategy focuses on the following 
main areas: 
• 
diversification of funding portfolio in terms of currencies, tenors and types of interest rates; 
• 
access to the international capital markets; 
• 
domestic borrowing programmes in the BRICS; 
• 
benchmark size transactions; 
• 
regular issuances; and 
• 
a focus on green and sustainability financing instruments.

--- Page 82 ---
- 71 - 
2.6.2 
The Issuer expects to utilise a diversified portfolio of funding instruments in hard currency, the 
local currencies of member countries, as well as other currencies based on the parameters of its 
loan portfolio and demand from its borrowers. The Issuer aims to raise funds in global capital 
markets and the local capital markets of its members with due regard to appropriate hedging 
mechanisms within the Issuer's policy and risk management framework. 
2.6.3 
The Issuer intends to continue to actively explore opportunities of green financing instruments, 
including green bond issuances. Please see "Environment and Social Framework" below for further 
details. 
2.7 
Investments 
The Issuer pursues a conservative investment policy wherein the cash proceeds are placed in highly 
rated and highly liquid financial instruments. 
2.8 
Capital Adequacy 
Capital is important to NDB as it is a permanent source of funding for operations and growth and 
it provides a buffer to absorb losses. Capital not only reduces the risk of insolvency but enables 
NDB to continue conducting its business in times of stress and also reduces the effects of financial 
and economic downturn. Thus, NDB monitors the capital adequacy within a capital management 
framework and policies approved by the Board of Governors. 
3. 
GOVERNANCE 
3.1 
The Issuer's governance structure supports its commitment to operate in a prudent manner and 
provides oversight, control and guidance. 
3.2 
As a multilateral development bank, the Issuer is committed to promoting the highest levels of 
transparency, responsible conduct, integrity and accountability. The Issuer's Articles of Agreement 
elaborate the key governance structures, clearly defining the respective roles of the Governors, 
Directors, President and Management. In order to assist the Board of Directors in discharging its 
oversight and decision making responsibilities, committees have been established to consider the 
audit, compliance, risk, budget, human resources, among other areas. Furthermore, the Board of 
Directors has adopted the Board of Directors Governance Structure, which elaborates the role of 
the Board committees. 
3.3 
The Issuer functions under the oversight of the Board of Governors and the Board of Directors. 
The senior management team comprises of the President and four Vice Presidents. The Board of 
Governors, Board of Directors and the senior management team have extensive experience in 
dealing with and managing multilateral development banks and are dedicated to building an 
organisation that holds itself to the highest standards of corporate governance and operational 
effectiveness.

--- Page 83 ---
- 72 - 
3.4 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the organisational structure of the Issuer can be depicted as 
follows: 
 
3.5 
Board of Governors 
3.5.1 
The Board of Governors is the highest decision making authority of the Issuer. Each member 
country appoints one Governor at the ministerial level and one Alternate Governor. The 
appointment of each Governor and their corresponding length of term is dependent on respective 
member country criteria and procedures. Every year the Board of Governors elects one of the 
Governors to act as a chairperson. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Chairperson of the 
Board of Governors is the Governor for Brazil. 
3.5.2 
All the powers of the Issuer vest in the Board of Governors. The Board of Governors is responsible 
for the approval of the General Strategy, expansion of membership, increase and decrease the 
capital stock, authorising the conclusion of general agreements for cooperation with other 
international organizations, approving the annual accounts, among other areas. 
3.5.3 
The Board of Governors is required to hold an annual meeting and additional such other meetings 
as may be provided for by the Board or called by the Board of Directors. 
3.5.4 
The following is a list of the members of the Board of Governors as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
Name 
Position 
Paulo Guedes .................... 
Minister of Economy of Brazil 
Anton Siluanov ................. 
First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Finance of Russia 
Nirmala Sitharaman .......... 
Minister of Finance of India 
Kun Liu ............................ 
Minister of Finance of China 
Tito Titus Mboweni .......... 
Chairman of the Board of Governors, Minister of Finance of South Africa

--- Page 84 ---
- 73 - 
3.5.5 
Governors shall be at ministerial level, and may be replaced from time to time by the relevant 
member pursuant to Article 11 (Board of Governors: composition and powers) of the Articles of 
Agreement. 
3.5.6 
There are no potential conflicts of interest, nor are there any interests that would be material to any 
issue of Notes under the Programme, existing between any duties owed to the Issuer by the Board 
of Governors listed above and their private interests and/or duties. 
3.6 
Board of Directors 
3.6.1 
The Issuer has a non-resident Board of Directors (the "Board"). Each of the founding members 
appoints one Director and one Alternate Director to the Board for a term of two years. The 
Directors may be re-elected. The President is also a member of the Board, but shall have no vote 
except a deciding vote in case of an equal division. 
3.6.2 
The Board is responsible for the conduct of the general operations of the Issuer, including decisions 
on business strategies and country strategies, loans, guarantees, equity investments, borrowing by 
the Issuer, setting basic operational procedures and charges, furnishing of technical assistance and 
other operations of the Issuer. The Board also approves the budget of the Issuer. The Board is 
required to meet at least quarterly. 
3.6.3 
The following is a list of the members of the Board as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
Name 
Member 
Country 
Position 
Business Address 
Marcos Troyjo .........  
Brazil 
President of New Development 
Bank  
New Development Bank, 36 Floor, 
BRICS Tower, 333 Lujiazui Ring 
Road, 
Pudong 
Area, 
Shanghai, 
200120, China  
Sergei Storchak ........  
Russia 
Chairperson of the Board of 
Directors, Deputy Minister of 
Finance 
9 Ilinka Street,109097, Moscow, 
Russian Federation 
K. Rajaraman ...........  
India 
Additional Secretary, Department 
of Economic Affairs, Ministry of 
Finance 
Room No. 129-B, North Block, New 
Delhi, 110001, India 
Zhongjing Wang ......  
China 
Director General of the Center for 
Evaluation of the World Bank 
Loan Projects, Ministry of 
Finance 
3 Nansanxiang, Sanlihe, Xicheng 
District. Beijing, 100820, China 
Enoch Godongwana .  
South Africa 
Director of New Development 
Bank, Chairperson of the 
Development Bank of Southern 
Africa 
1258 Lever Rd, Headway Hill, 
Midrand, 1685, South Africa 
Yana Dumaresq 
Sobral Alves 
Brazil  
Director of NDB, Assistant 
Deputy Minister for Foreign 
Trade and International Affairs, 
Ministry of Economy 
Esplanada dos Ministérios, Bloco J, 8º 
andar, 70053-900, Brasília-DF, Brazil 
 
3.6.4 
On 27 May 2020, the Board of Governors elected Mr. Marcos Prado Troyjo as the President of the 
Issuer and appointed Mr. Anil Kishora as Vice President of the Issuer as of 7 July 2020, in full 
accordance with the Issuer's Articles of Agreement and its procedures. 
3.6.5 
There are no potential conflicts of interest, nor are there any interests that would be material to any 
issue of Notes under the Programme, existing between any duties owed to the Issuer by the Board 
listed above and their private interests and/or duties. 
3.7 
Senior Management 
3.7.1 
The Board of Governors elected Mr. Marcos Troyjo from Brazil as the second President of the 
Issuer. The President is the chief of the operating staff of the Issuer and conducts the ordinary 
business of the Issuer under the direction of the Directors.

--- Page 85 ---
- 74 - 
3.7.2 
The Senior Management team is composed of the President and four Vice Presidents. The Vice 
Presidents are appointed from each founding member country other than the country of the 
President. 
3.7.3 
The four Vice Presidents were appointed by the Board of Governors on the recommendation of the 
President. 
3.7.4 
The management team is highly experienced in areas such as multilateral banking, commercial 
banking, corporate finance and public policy. 
3.7.5 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following is a list and profile of the Senior Management 
team members: 
Name 
Profile 
Marcos Troyjo (President) 
 
Mr. Marcos Troyjo has recently served as Brazil's Deputy 
Economy Minister and Special Secretary for Foreign Trade 
and International Affairs and represented the Brazilian 
Government on the boards of multilateral development 
institutions. 
Mr. Troyjo was also Chairman of Brazil's Commission on 
External Financing and its National Investment Committee. 
He co-founded and served as Director of the BRICLab at 
Columbia University, where he taught international and 
public affairs. Mr. Troyjo is a member of the World 
Economic Forum (WEF) Global Future Council on 
International Trade and Investment. He was Director of the 
Intelligent Tech & Trade Initiative (ITTI). 
Mr. Marcos Troyjo holds a Master's degree and a PhD in 
sociology of international relations from the University of 
São Paulo and pursued postdoctoral studies at Columbia 
University. He is an alumnus of the Rio Branco Institute, the 
diplomatic academy of Brazil's Ministry of Foreign Affairs.  
Anil Kishora  
(Vice President, Chief Risk 
Officer) 
Mr. Anil Kishora is Vice President and Chief Risk Officer of 
NDB. Prior to this appointment, Mr. Anil Kishora had 
worked in India's largest bank, the State Bank of India 
("SBI") for 38 years. Before joining the Issuer, Mr. Kishora 
worked as Deputy Managing Director & Chief Risk Officer 
of SBI. Prior to that, Mr. Anil Kishora served as Deputy 
Managing Director/Chief General Manager, SBI Local Head 
Office, Chandigarh, India and CEO of SBI in Singapore. He 
has also been a Council Member of the Association of Banks 
in Singapore, a board member of IACPM, New York, and a 
director on the boards of Macquarie SBI Infrastructure 
Management Pte. Ltd. and Macquarie SBI Infrastructure 
Trustee Ltd. 
Vladimir Kazbekov 
(Vice President, Chief 
Administrative Officer) 
Mr. Kazbekov started his career in the Russian Ministry of 
Foreign Affairs, predominantly in Asian countries, where he 
served for nearly 20 years before being appointed as the 
Deputy Director of the Foreign Policy Department of the 
Presidential Executive Office of the Russian Federation. Mr. 
Kazbekov gained more than 15 years of experience in 
development banking at the Russian National Development 
Bank, Vnesheconombank, where he was appointed as an 
executive and contributed extensively to the development of 
the BRICS interbank cooperation mechanism.

--- Page 86 ---
- 75 - 
Name 
Profile 
Xian Zhu 
(Vice President, Chief 
Operations Officer) 
Over the past three decades, Mr. Zhu assumed various senior 
management roles in the public sector. Most recently, Mr. 
Zhu served as Vice President and Chief Ethics Officer at the 
World Bank Group (WBG) from 2012 to 2015. Between 
2002 and 2012, he served at the WBG as Strategy and 
Operations Director for South Asia, Country Director for 
Bangladesh and Country Director for the Pacific Islands, 
Papua New Guinea, and Timor Leste. From 1999 to 2001, 
Mr. Zhu served as Executive Director for China in the WBG. 
In 2001, Mr. Zhu served in Asian Development Bank. Until 
the late 1990s, Mr. Zhu worked at China's Ministry of 
Finance in various capacities. 
Leslie Maasdorp 
(Vice President, Chief 
Financial Officer) 
Over the past 26 years Mr. Leslie Maasdorp has occupied 
senior leadership roles in both private and public sectors. 
Most recently he served as a Managing Director and 
President of Bank of America Merrill Lynch for Southern 
Africa for a period of four years. Prior to that he served in a 
dual role as Vice Chairman of Barclays Capital and Absa 
Capital. In 2002 he was the first African to be appointed as 
International Advisor to Goldman Sachs International. 
 
Before his 13 years as a global investment banker, he served 
in several senior leadership roles in the Government of South 
Africa. In 1994 after the transition to democracy, he was 
appointed as Special Advisor to the Minister of Labour and 
in 1999, in his role as Deputy Director General of the 
Department of Public Enterprises, he led the restructuring 
and privatization of state owned enterprises for the South 
African Government. 
 
He is a former Chairman and CEO of Advtech, a leading 
provider of private education in South Africa. Leslie is a 
young global leader of the World Economic Forum. He holds 
a BA degree in Economics and Psychology from the 
University of the Western Cape and a Master of Science 
degree in Economics from the School of Oriental and African 
Studies, at the University of London. 
 
3.7.6 
The business address of each member of the Senior Management team is at 36th Floor, BRICS 
Tower, 333 Lujiazui Ring Road, Pudong Area, Shanghai – 200120, China. 
3.7.7 
There are no potential conflicts of interest, nor are there any interests that would be material to any 
issue of Notes under the Programme, existing between any duties owed to the Issuer by the Senior 
Management team listed above and their private interests and/or duties. 
3.8 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2019, NDB had 161 employees, including the President and four Vice 
Presidents, full-time regular staff, short-term consultants and outsourced employees. 
3.9 
The Issuer's approach to good corporate governance 
3.9.1 
All activities of the Issuer are governed by Board-approved policies and the Code of Business 
Conduct and Ethics. Board-approved policies outline internal self-assessment mechanisms to 
ensure compliance to internal policies and processes. These mechanisms are aimed at managing 
risk, promoting transparency, and upholding responsible conduct and integrity. Accountability is 
also ascertained during internal audit and independent evaluation. The Issuer has also adopted Anti- 
Corruption, Anti-Fraud and Anti-Money Laundering Policy.

--- Page 87 ---
- 76 - 
3.9.2 
The Issuer is committed in promoting the highest levels of accountability, responsible conduct, 
integrity and transparency, and the Board monitors the Issuer's application of its internal 
governance standards and governance policies. 
(a) 
Accountability 
Board-approved policies outline internal self-assessment mechanisms to ensure 
compliance to internal policies and processes. These mechanisms are aimed at managing 
risk, promoting transparency, and upholding responsible conduct and integrity. Policy 
compliance is continually monitored throughout the organisation and policies are regularly 
reviewed and updated as necessary. Accountability is also ascertained during internal audit 
and independent evaluation. 
(b) 
Upholding responsible conduct and integrity 
The Issuer and its employees recognise that trust in a financial institution is based on 
responsible conduct and commitment to integrity in all its dealings. All activities of the 
Issuer are governed through a Board-approved Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that 
emphasizes the principles of transparency, accountability and integrity. The Issuer has 
further adopted anti-corruption and anti-money laundering principles to underscore its 
commitment to the global fight against corruption, money laundering and terrorism 
financing. Whistleblowing procedures are established and continuously reviewed to 
ensure that the Issuer is updated about alleged misconduct and instances of corruption and 
money laundering, if any, in the course of deploying its funds to projects or for corporate 
procurement purposes. 
(c) 
Transparency 
The Issuer is guided by an underlying presumption that information concerning its 
activities will be made available in a timely manner to the public in the absence of an 
appropriate reason for confidentiality, in accordance with the Issuer's Board-approved 
Information Disclosure Policy. Transparency will strengthen the credibility of and the 
confidence in the institution and will allow the scrutiny of stakeholders and the public in 
general, which will help the Issuer to review and improve its procedures. Public 
information includes the following broad categories: Governance Information, 
Operational Information, Financial Information, Policies and Strategies of the Issuer. 
3.9.3 
The Issuer has established a number of appropriately constituted committees to support the 
appropriate application of governance practices and principles. The committees are described in 
more detail below. 
3.10 
Committees 
3.10.1 The Articles of Agreement of the Issuer stipulate that the Board, in exercising its functions, shall 
appoint a Credit and Investment Committee or any such other committees as it deems advisable 
for carrying out the general operations of the Issuer. Consequently the Board has approved the 
constitution of several committees to assist it in discharging its oversight and decision making 
responsibilities. 
3.10.2 The committees that comprise of Board members are the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee 
and the Budget, Human Resources and Compensation Committee. The committees comprised of 
management are the Credit and Investment Committee, the Finance Committee, the Operations 
Sub-Committee and the Treasury Sub-Committee. 
(a) 
Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee 
The Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee of the Issuer is comprised of all of the Board 
members and is responsible for assisting the Board with regard to fulfilling its corporate 
governance oversight responsibilities for the audit, risk and compliance of the Issuer.

--- Page 88 ---
- 77 - 
The purpose of the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee is to assist the Board in 
fulfilling its corporate governance oversight responsibilities with regard to: 
(i) 
the integrity of the Issuer's financial statements; 
(ii) 
review and monitoring of the Issuer's independent registered auditors and their 
qualifications and independence; 
(iii) 
the performance of the internal audit function and independent registered auditors; 
(iv) 
the deployment of policies and assessing adequacy of outcomes; 
(v) 
compliance with legal and other requirements with a view to ensure accurate, 
timely and proper disclosures, transparency, integrity and quality of financial 
reporting; 
(vi) 
identification, evaluation and mitigation of credit, market and operational risks of 
the Issuer; and 
(vii) 
overall responsibility for monitoring and approving the risk management 
framework and associated practices of the Issuer; and 
(viii) 
reviewing and approving risk disclosures statements in public documents or 
disclosures. 
The primary role of the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee is to oversee the financial 
reporting and disclosure process, the compliance with the Issuer's Code of Business 
Conduct and Ethics, qualification and independence of the External and Internal Audit 
team, adequacy and reliability of the internal control systems, especially those relating to 
the reporting of the Issuer's financial statements, as well as effective implementation of 
the risk framework. 
The Chairperson of the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee is appointed through a 
consultative process of the Board facilitated by the Chairperson of the Board and shall not 
be the Chairperson of the Board. In the event that the Chairperson is not present at the 
meeting, the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee shall elect an acting Chairperson. 
The Corporate Secretary acts as the secretary to the Audit, Risk and Compliance 
Committee. 
The Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee meets quarterly or as needed. 
(b) 
Budget, Human Resources and Compensation Committee 
The purpose of the Budget, Human Resources and Compensation Committee is to oversee 
the budget, human resources and compensation related activities of the Issuer and 
undertake the functions provided for under the Code of Conduct for Board Officials. 
To fulfil this obligation, the Budget, Human Resources and Compensation Committee 
relies on the Issuer's Management for the preparation and execution of budgets in 
accordance with organisational objectives; for preparation of and revisions to the human 
resources policies as well as associated policies related to compensation and benefits. 
The Budget, Human Resources and Compensation Committee comprises of all members 
of the Board. The Chairperson of the Budget, Human Resources and Compensation 
Committee is appointed through a consultative process facilitated by the Chairperson of 
the Board. The Chairperson of the Budget, Human Resources and Compensation 
Committee shall not be the Chairperson of the Board or the Chairperson of any other 
Committee. The Corporate Secretary acts as the secretary to the Committee. 
The Budget, Human Resources and Compensation Committee meets quarterly or as 
needed.

--- Page 89 ---
- 78 - 
(c) 
Credit and Investment Committee 
The purpose of the Credit and Investment Committee is to assist the Board with regard to 
fulfilling its responsibilities for the credit activities of the Issuer. 
The Credit and Investment Committee is expected to satisfy itself that the Issuer's credit 
activities are adequate and effective. In this regard, the specific responsibility that the 
Credit and Investment Committee will carry out on behalf of the Board is responsible for 
decisions on loans, guarantees, equity investments and technical assistance of no more 
than a limit amount to be established by the Board in due course. 
The Credit and Investment Committee comprises of the President and four Vice-
Presidents of the Issuer. The Chairperson of the Credit and Investment Committee is the 
President of the Issuer. In the absence of the President, the Vice-Presidents may elect 
amongst themselves one of the Vice-Presidents to chair the meeting. The Corporate 
Secretary acts as the secretary to the Credit and Investment Committee. 
The Credit and Investment Committee meets monthly or as needed. 
(d) 
Finance Committee 
The Finance Committee has oversight responsibility on financial matters of the Issuer 
relating to credit/operations, treasury and risks associated thereto. In this regard, the 
specific responsibilities relating to oversight of and recommendations to the Board is on 
the areas of financial policies and guidelines, financial operations including loan loss 
provisioning, asset and liability management and financial risk management 
The Finance Committee comprises of the President and four Vice-Presidents. The Finance 
Committee is chaired by the President. In the absence of the President, the Vice-Presidents 
may elect amongst themselves one of the Vice-Presidents to chair the meeting. If a 
member of the Finance Committee ceases to be a staff member of the Issuer, a replacement 
will be appointed. The Corporate Secretary acts as the Secretary to the Finance Committee. 
The Finance Committee meets monthly or as needed. 
(e) 
Operations Sub-Committee 
The Operations Sub-Committee is expected to satisfy itself that the Issuer's credit 
management activities are adequate and effective. In this regard, the specific 
responsibilities that the Operations Sub-Committee is to monitor credit specific financial 
policies, credit risk management and review of loan loss provisioning. 
The Operations Sub-Committee comprises of two groups of members. Group A comprises 
of the four Vice-Presidents and Group B comprises of six Directors General from 
Treasury, Risk, Operations, Compliance, Finance and the General Counsel. The 
Operations Sub-Committee is co-chaired by the Vice-Presidents. If a member of the 
Operations Sub-Committee ceases to be a staff member of the Issuer, a replacement will 
be appointed. The designated person from the Risk department shall act as the Secretary 
to the Operations Sub-Committee. 
The Operations Sub-Committee meets quarterly. 
(f) 
Treasury Sub-Committee 
The Treasury Sub-Committee is expected to satisfy itself that NDB's treasury activities 
are adequate and effective. In this regard, the specific responsibilities that the Treasury 
Sub-Committee carries out on are develop and monitor the treasury business strategy, 
treasury risk management including limit monitoring, liquidity, monitor Treasury specific 
policies and asset liability management. 
The Treasury Sub-Committee comprises of two groups of members. Group A comprises 
of the four Vice-Presidents and Group B comprises of six Directors General from

--- Page 90 ---
- 79 - 
Treasury, Risk, Operations, Compliance and the General Counsel. The Treasury Sub-
Committee is co-chaired by the Vice-Presidents. If a member of the Treasury Sub-
Committee ceases to be a staff member of the Issuer, a replacement will be appointed. The 
designated person from the Finance, Budget and Accounting department shall act as the 
Secretary to the Treasury Sub-Committee. 
The Treasury Sub-Committee meets quarterly or as needed. 
4. 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
4.1 
Risk management is a transparent and centralised function that is independent of business 
operations. Together with enhancing risk awareness and promoting a strong institutional risk 
prevention and awareness culture across the Issuer, standards and controls have been developed in 
a proactive manner to ensure that risks are effectively managed. The Issuer has a robust risk 
management framework, and its governance structure provides for independent and regular 
reporting of risk issues to the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee of the Board that include the 
Issuer's performance across key risk indicators. The risk management framework is continually 
monitored and strengthened, commensurate with the development of the Issuer. The primary 
responsibility for risk management at an operational level rests with the management. Management 
and various committees are tasked with integrating the management of risk into the day-to-day 
activities of the Issuer, by monitoring related risk parameters and tolerance through policies and 
procedures under the strategy approved by the Board. 
4.2 
Please see Note 5 (Financial Risk Management) of the 2019 Financial Statements for further details. 
5. 
ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIAL FRAMEWORK 
5.1 
Sustainability is at the core of NDB's business. As per Article 2 of the Articles of Agreement, "The 
purpose of the Issuer shall be to mobilize resources for infrastructure and sustainable development 
projects in the Federal Republic of Brazil, the Russian Federation, the Republic of India, the 
People's Republic of China and the Republic of South Africa (BRICS) and other emerging market 
economies and developing countries…". Accordingly, promotion of infrastructure and sustainable 
development projects is a key focus area for the Issuer. 
5.2 
The Issuer's Environment and Social Framework (the "Framework") sets out NDB's core 
principles which govern the operations of NDB on environment and social management. It includes 
two parts: (i) Part 1 which provides an overarching policy for addressing environment and social 
management in operations; and (ii) Part 2 Environmental and Social Standards which set forth the 
key mandatory requirements with respect to Environment, Involuntary Resettlement, and 
Indigenous Peoples. 
5.3 
The aim of the Framework is to, amongst other things: (i) manage environmental and social risks 
and impacts in projects; (ii) manage the operational and reputational risks of NDB and its 
stakeholders; (iii) factor-in mainstream environmental and social considerations into the Issuer's 
general decision-making processes; and (iv) encourage good environmental and social practices in 
its operations. 
5.4 
The core principles of the Framework are outlined as follows: 
(a) 
Inclusive and sustainable development: A principle focus area of NDB is to ensure 
inclusive sharing of development benefits and opportunities including among the 
traditionally deprived sections such as the poor, disadvantaged, women, children and 
minorities. The process of inclusion entails both access to and delivery of services. NDB 
recognizes the importance of maintaining policy and operating standards which (i) 
promote sustainable development; (ii) are aligned with international good practices; and 
(iii) effectively respond to environmental and social risks; 
(b) 
Country systems: NDB promotes the use of strong country and corporate systems in the 
management of environment and social risks and impacts. NDB also assists in further 
strengthening the country systems through a variety of mechanisms in both the public and 
private sector, including by (i) favouring use of country systems, with adequate support, 
at the operational level as it also fosters greater accountability and ownership; (ii)

--- Page 91 ---
- 80 - 
coordinating closely with other multilateral development banks, international financial 
institutions and relevant centres of expertise; and (iii) maintaining a risk based and 
outcome focused approach through measures aligned with the core principles; 
(c) 
Environment and social interests: NDB integrates the principles of environment and 
social sustainability into its policies and operations, as an integral part of its decision 
making process, to ensure its financing and investment in infrastructure and sustainable 
development projects have minimal adverse impact on environment and people; 
(d) 
Climate change: NDB seeks to promote mitigation and adaptation measures to address 
climate change. Recognizing the sustainable nature of green economic growth and the 
associated benefits, NDB aims to build upon existing green economic growth initiatives 
and provide support for the new ones at regional, national, sub-national and private sector 
level. NDB also encourages climate proofing of its infrastructure financing and 
investments to build resilience to climate change; 
(e) 
Conservation of natural resources: NDB promotes the conservation of natural resources 
including energy, water and supports sustainable land use management and urban 
development; 
(f) 
Gender equality: NDB believes that gender equality is important to successful and 
sustainable economic development and accordingly considers it imperative to mainstream 
gender equality issues in all its operations; 
(g) 
Precautionary approach: NDB uses a precautionary approach to justify discretionary 
decisions in situations where there is the possibility of environmental and social harm from 
making project decisions; and 
(h) 
Co-operative functioning and knowledge dissemination: NDB seeks to complement the 
existing efforts of multilateral financial institutions, regional financial institutions and 
other agencies. In co-financed projects, NDB seeks to promote harmonization of its 
policies with partnering financial institutions and other agencies by way of adopting a 
common approach to appraisal, environmental and social management requirements, 
monitoring and reporting. In addition, NDB intends to disseminate knowledge gained with 
its development partners. 
6. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS  
6.1 
The ongoing COVID-19 outbreak at the beginning of 2020 has resulted in increased travel 
restrictions, extended quarantine or "lockdown" measures and closure of certain businesses and an 
initial decline in most major equity markets from February 2020. Despite this initial decline, such 
markets began to rise again from the end of March 2020. Markets have been boosted further by the 
announcements in November 2020 of potential vaccines. 
6.2 
The Issuer has a proven record of operational resilience in the recent past, having successfully 
managed critical activities (with respect to business continuity) undertaken in the COVID-19 
operating environment. Based on various measures taken by the Issuer, the impact on the staff and 
functioning of the Issuer was negligible and critical activities such as disbursements, treasury 
investments, issuances, vendor payments, staff's salary processing, etc. were concluded seamlessly.  
6.3 
Despite the general context of uncertainty in the global financial markets due to the COVID-19 
pandemic, the Issuer currently continues to maintain a robust liquidity position and flexibility to

--- Page 92 ---
- 81 - 
access the necessary liquidity resources mainly as a result of its prudent approach to liquidity 
management.  
6.4 
Given the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is still unfolding and the response of governments 
and companies is still being undertaken, the Issuer carries out sensitivity tests and macro-economic 
scenario analysis to identify potential impacts to its financial results.  
6.5 
The Issuer is closely monitoring the evolution of the COVID-19 outbreak and the level of 
deterioration to its member states' economies. It is also monitoring the possible impacts to its 
portfolio.  
6.6 
NDB is working closely with member states under an Emergency Assistance Facility, to meet the 
urgent needs of member states in the context of addressing the COVID-19 related challenges. Such 
emergency loans to member states could finance direct expenditures related to the fight against the 
COVID-19 outbreak and provide support to governmental measures contributing to economic 
recovery in member states. NDB targets the provision of up to a total of USD 10 billion in crisis-
related assistance including health and social safety expenditures, as well as supporting member 
states' economic recovery. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, NDB has approved a RMB 7 
billion Emergency Assistance Programme to the Government of China; a USD 1 billion 
Emergency Assistance Programme to the Government of India; a USD 1 billion Emergency 
Assistance Programme to the Government of South Africa; a USD 1 billion Emergency 
Programme  to the Government of Brazil; a USD 1 billion COVID-19 Emergency Programme 
Loan to the Government of Brazil for supporting economic recovery; a USD 1 billion COVID-19 
Emergency Programme Loan to the Government of India for supporting economic recovery. 
6.7 
Alongside the emergency loans to member states, NDB has also issued four bonds, the funds of 
which will be used to finance sustainable development activities in NDB's member countries, 
including COVID-19 related emergency assistance programs. These issuances consist of an April 
2020 RMB 5 billion 3-year Coronavirus Combating Bond; an RMB 2 billion 5-year Covid 
Response Bond; a June 2020 USD 1.5 billion 3-year Covid Response Bond; and a September 2020 
USD 2 billion 5-year Covid Response Bond.

--- Page 93 ---
- 82 - 
TAXATION 
The tax laws of the investor's Member State and of the Issuer's Member State of incorporation might 
have an impact on the income received from the securities. Prospective purchasers of Notes should 
consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding 
and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the 
Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. 
Tax Status of the Issuer  
Under the Articles of Agreement as in force from time to time, no tax of any kind shall be levied by a 
member state of the Issuer on any obligation or security issued by the Issuer, including any dividend or 
interest thereon, by whomsoever held: (a) which discriminates against such obligation or security solely 
because it is issued by the Issuer or; (b) if the sole jurisdictional basis for such taxation is the place or 
currency in which it is issued, made payable or paid, or the location of any office or place of business 
maintained by the Issuer. Also, under the Articles of Agreement, the Issuer is exempt from any obligation 
for the payment, withholding or collection of any tax by a member state. Accordingly, the interest due on 
the Notes will be paid to the Paying Agents without deduction in respect of any tax by a member state.  
If any taxation does apply to payments due on the Notes, notwithstanding the provisions of the Articles of 
Agreement, neither the Issuer nor the Paying Agents will make any additional payment in the event of any 
deduction or withholding being required in respect of such taxation and neither the Issuer nor the Paying 
Agents shall be liable to any holder of the Notes or to any other person for any commissions, costs, losses 
or expenses in relation to or resulting from such withholding or payment.  
FATCA 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA") 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known 
as FATCA, a "foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements. A number of jurisdictions have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to 
the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are 
published in the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to 
the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" 
are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless such Notes are (i) materially modified after such date or (ii) treated as equity for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes. However, if additional notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions—
Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from outstanding Notes in the same Series are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all notes in such Series, including grandfathered Notes, as subject to withholding under 
FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of 
the withholding. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (each, other than Estonia, a "participating Member State"). Estonia has 
since ceased to participate.

--- Page 94 ---
- 83 - 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States and the 
scope of any such tax is uncertain. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of 
which remains unclear. Additional EU member states might decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT 
and its potential impact on the Notes.

--- Page 95 ---
- 84 - 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Programme Agreement") dated 22 December 2020, 
agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Summary of Provisions relating to 
the Notes while in Global Form" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". 
If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a 
single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of 
distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer 
and any other interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the 
appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes 
the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche 
to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in 
the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes 
will be joint and several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of 
those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those 
Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilising Manager in 
relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses 
in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under 
the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection 
therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether the Notes will be issued (i) in compliance 
with U.S. Treasury regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form 
that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) ("TEFRA C") rules or U.S. Treasury 
regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable 
for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) ("TEFRA D") or (ii) under circumstances pursuant to which the 
Notes will not constitute registration required obligations under the U.S. Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA") such that TEFRA is not applicable. Each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 
40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with 
Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and 
sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used 
in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.

--- Page 96 ---
- 85 - 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA and the UK, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of 
the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit taking: in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a 
person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold 
and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: (A) whose ordinary activities involve 
them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses; or (B) who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, where the issue 
of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer 
or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which 
term used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised 
under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for 
the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, 
and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial 
guidelines of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
of the Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO")) other than (i) to "professional investors" 
as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do 
not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do 
not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and

--- Page 97 ---
- 86 - 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to the Notes which are or are intended to be disposed 
of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO 
and any rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any 
Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or 
any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Notes whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of 
the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore (the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), unless otherwise specified before an offer 
of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) 
of the SFA), that the Notes are 'prescribed capital markets products' (as defined in the CMP Regulations 
2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 98 ---
- 87 - 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation 
to purchase or invest in the Notes and the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and no application has or 
will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) 
in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the 
Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly 
available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply in all material respects with all applicable 
securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force 
in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and 
neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such sale.

--- Page 99 ---
- 88 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment and subsequent updates of the Programme were duly authorised by a resolution of the 
Issuer dated 14 March 2019. Each issue of Notes will be duly authorised by a resolution of the Issuer on 
the date set out in the applicable Final Terms for any Tranche of Notes. 
Listing of Notes 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the 12 months 
from the date of the Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on Euronext Dublin or 
any other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) may agree. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection, electronically, from the registered office of the Issuer and 
from the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in London: 
(a) 
the Articles of Agreement (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus;  
(c) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes and Global Note 
Certificates, the Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; and 
(d) 
any future prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms to this Base 
Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Moreover, for the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus the items listed at 
paragraphs (a) to (c) above are available on the website of the Issuer, being www.ndb.int. 
Issuer website 
The Issuer's website is www.ndb.int. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, information contained on the website of the Issuer does not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are 
the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN and (to the extent 
applicable) Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) code and the Financial Instrument Short Name 
(FISN) for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system 
the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, 
Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
Other than as described in "Risk Factors – Risks related to the Issuer – The economic conditions in the 
member states will be adversely affected by the global economic slowdown caused by the COVID-19 
pandemic, and this may negatively impact the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of

--- Page 100 ---
- 89 - 
operations" and "Description of the Issuer – Recent Developments", there has been no significant change 
in the financial performance or financial position of the Group since 30 September 2020 and there has been 
no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2019. 
Litigation 
Neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such 
period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Auditors 
The Auditor of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 is Deloitte 
Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public 
Accountants LLP is empowered by the Ministry of Finance of China to carry out its auditing activities.  
Legal Entity Identifier: 
The Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer is 254900VPI91W77OOUM06. 
Dealers Transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, 
the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and 
equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their 
own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that 
have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent 
with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge 
such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or 
the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Availability of Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus is available on the Central Bank of Ireland's website at www.centralbank.ie and 
Euronext Dublin's website at www.ise.ie. 
Listing Agent 
Walkers Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection 
with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on the 
Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 101 ---
- 90 - 
ISSUER 
New Development Bank 
32-36 Floor, 333 Lujiazui Ring Road, Pudong New 
District, Shanghai 
China 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2P 2SR 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer 
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP 
30/F Bund Center, 222 Yan An Road East 
Shanghai 200002 
People's Republic of China 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
LISTING AGENT 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
5th Floor, The Exchange  
George's Dock, IFSC 
Dublin 1, D01 W3P9 
Ireland