--- Page 1 ---
OFFERING CIRCULAR 
 
(Incorporated with limited liability under the laws of The Netherlands and having its corporate seat in The Hague) 
________________________________________________________________ 
Euro 20,000,000,000 
Programme for the Issuance of Debt Instruments 
_________________________________________________________________ 
Under this Programme for the Issuance of debt instruments (the "Programme"), NIBC Bank N.V. (the "Issuer") may from 
time to time issue one or more Tranches (as defined herein) of (i) senior preferred notes (the "Senior Preferred Notes"), (ii) 
senior non-preferred notes ("Senior Non-Preferred Notes ") and (iii) subordinated notes ("Subordinated Notes" and together 
with the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the "Notes"). The maximum aggregate nominal amount 
of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed Euro 20,000,000,000. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (within the meaning of Regulation 
S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Unlisted Notes) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the "IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, including any commission delegated regulation thereunder (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Unlisted Notes) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors, the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
This Offering Circular constitutes a base prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation. This Offering Circular 
has been approved by The Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten, the 
"AFM"), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The AFM only approves this Offering Circular as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject 
of this Offering Circular. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. This 
Offering Circular is issued in replacement of the offering circular dated 24 June 2020 (as amended and supplemented), and 
accordingly supersedes such earlier offering circular (as amended and supplemented). 
This Offering Circular shall be valid for use only by the Issuer or others who have obtained the Issuer's consent for a 
period of up to twelve months after its approval by the AFM and shall expire on 25 June 2022, at the latest. The 
obligation to supplement this Offering Circular, in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies only, shall cease to apply upon the expiry of the validity period of this Offering Circular.  
Application has been made to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. for the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 
months from the date of this Offering Circular to be admitted to listing and trading on Euronext in Amsterdam, the regulated 
market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. ("Euronext Amsterdam"). Euronext Amsterdam is a regulated market for the purposes 
of MiFID II. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II in 
the European Economic Area or otherwise (the "Unlisted Notes") or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by the 
listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer.

--- Page 2 ---
Any person (an "Investor") intending to acquire or acquiring any securities from an offeror (an "Offeror") will do so, 
and offers and sales of the securities to an Investor by an Offeror will be made, in accordance with any terms of other 
arrangements in place between such Offeror and such Investor including as to price, allocations and settlement 
arrangements. The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements with Investors (other than Dealers) in 
connection with the offer or sale of the securities and, accordingly, neither this Offering Circular nor any Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Unlisted Notes) will contain such information and an Investor must obtain such 
information from the Offeror. Such information will be provided at the time of any sub-offers. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. A section containing "Risk Factors" has 
been included in this Offering Circular (please see pages 11 to 47 (inclusive) of this Offering Circular). 
References in this Offering Circular to "Passported Countries" shall mean the EEA Member State(s) whose competent 
authorities have received from the AFM (i) a copy of the Offering Circular and (ii) a certificate of approval pursuant to Article 
25 of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined herein) attesting that the Offering Circular has been drawn up in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and 
any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in a Final Terms document (the "Final Terms") (or, in the case of Unlisted 
Notes, a pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement") for that Tranche issued by the Issuer). 
 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION – Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference 
to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the "Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms (or, in the case 
of Unlisted Notes, a Pricing Supplement) will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included 
in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation (the "ESMA 
Benchmarks Register"). Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of 
a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms 
(or, in the case of Unlisted Notes, the Pricing Supplement). The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks 
Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Unlisted Notes, the Pricing Supplement) to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator. 
 
Amounts payable under the Notes may, inter alia, be calculated by reference to the Euro inter-bank offered rate ("EURIBOR") 
which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute, the Euro short-term rate ("€STR") which is provided by the 
European Central Bank, the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") which is provided by the Bank of England and the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") which is provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.  
 
As at the date of this Offering Circular, the European Money Markets Institute appears on the ESMA Benchmarks Register. 
As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date of this Offering Circular, €STR, SONIA and SOFR do not fall within the scope of 
the Benchmarks Regulation. If a benchmark (other than EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA or SOFR) is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Unlisted Notes), the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the 
case of Unlisted Notes) will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the ESMA 
Benchmarks Register. 
 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) - The Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Unlisted Notes) in respect of 
any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the 
product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) 
(the "SFA"). The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered 
for purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the relevant Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Unlisted Notes) will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
EU MiFID II product governance / target market: The Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Unlisted Notes) 
in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules 
under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), the Arranger and/or any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market: The Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Unlisted Notes) in 
respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 3 ---
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules, the Arranger and/or any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer under the UK MIFIR Product Governance 
Rules in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be 
a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules 
 
Arranger 
 
MORGAN STANLEY 
 
Dealers 
ABN AMRO  
CITIGROUP 
BOFA SECURITIES
COMMERZBANK 
CREDIT SUISSE 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK EUROPE SE  
 ING 
J.P. MORGAN 
LANDESBANK BADEN-WÜRTTEMBERG 
MORGAN STANLEY 
NATWEST MARKETS 
NIBC BANK 
UBS INVESTMENT BANK 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE CORPORATE & 
INVESTMENT BANKING 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The date of this Offering Circular is 25 June 2021.

--- Page 4 ---
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 11 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ........................................................................................................................... 48 
SPECIAL NOTICE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ......................................... 52 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 53 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 55 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............... 61 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 63 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................... 127 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT ..................................................................................................... 142 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 157 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF NIBC BANK N.V. ............................................................................... 160 
SUPERVISION AND REGULATION .................................................................................................... 165 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 173 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 179 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ................................................................................................................ 187 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 188 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ............................................................................................................... 191

--- Page 5 ---
1 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder 
of this Offering Circular. Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or 
elsewhere in this Offering Circular shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer 
NIBC Bank N.V. 
Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI) 
B64D6Y3LBJS4ANNPCU93 
Risk Factors 
There are certain risk factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out under 
"Risk Factors" and include risk related to the adverse effects of general economic 
and other business conditions, risk related to substantial competitive pressures, 
risk related to regulatory changes as well as operational risk. There are certain 
factors that are material for assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme. These are set out under "Risk Factors" and include 
certain risks relating to the structure of a particular Series of Notes and certain 
market risks. 
Arranger 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Dealers 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V., BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad 
de Valores S.A., Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe 
SE, ING Bank N.V., J.P. Morgan AG, Landesbank Baden-Württemberg, Morgan 
Stanley Europe SE, NatWest Markets N.V., NIBC Bank N.V., Société Générale 
and UBS AG London Branch and any other dealer appointed from time to time 
by the Issuer. 
Calculation Agent 
The party specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent will 
act as Calculation Agent for the applicable Series on the terms set out in the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement or such calculation agency agreement entered into or deemed 
to be entered into between that Calculation Agent and the Issuer.  
Transfer Agent 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
Fiscal Agent 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
Registrar 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch or such entity as may replace Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch as Registrar. 
Final Terms 
Notes issued under the Programme shall be issued pursuant to this Offering 
Circular and associated Final Terms. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes will be the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Unlisted Notes under the Programme shall be issued pursuant to this Offering 
Circular and associated Pricing Supplement. The terms and conditions applicable 
to any particular Tranche of Unlisted Notes will be the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes as completed by the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will be 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by the competent authorities, stock 
exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
References in this Offering Circular to "Final Terms" shall, in the case of an issue 
of Unlisted Notes, be read and construed as a reference to the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, unless the context otherwise requires.

--- Page 6 ---
2 
 
 
 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes may be cleared through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or 
any other clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Programme Amount 
Up to Euro 20,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) outstanding at 
any time. The Issuer may increase or decrease the amount of the Programme. 
Issuance in Series 
Notes will be issued in Series (each a "Series"). Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches (each a "Tranche") issued on different issue dates. Each Tranche 
will be the subject of Final Terms. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form or registered form as further described in 
"Forms of the Notes". 
 
Notes in registered form may not be exchanged for Notes in bearer form. 
Currencies 
Notes may be denominated in such currency as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) may agree, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. 
Status and ranking 
of Senior Preferred 
Notes 
The Senior Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and at least pari passu with 
all other direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer, present and future (save for certain exemptions provided by law) and (in 
the event of the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer only) other than those 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations having a lower ranking in reliance on 
article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other act 
or provision implementing article 108 paragraph 2 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as 
amended by Directive 2017/2399/EU, in The Netherlands). 
 
Status and Ranking 
Terms of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes qualify as, and comprise part of the class of, 
Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and constitute unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and, save as provided by mandatory and/or 
overriding provisions of law, rank in a Winding-Up of the Issuer (i) pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and with all other present and future 
obligations of the Issuer qualifying as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations, (ii) in the event of the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer only, 
junior to any present and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer which do not qualify as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations 
including the claims of creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer 
pursuant to Article 72a(2) Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as amended, and (iii) 
senior to any Junior Obligations. 
 
By virtue of such ranking, payments to Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders will, in 
the event of the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer, only be made after all 
claims in respect of unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which 
do not qualify as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations have been satisfied. 
If resolution proceedings are commenced in respect of the Issuer in accordance 
with the Applicable Resolution Framework, the aforementioned ranking in the 
event of bankruptcy will in principle be followed, in reverse order (with the most 
junior instruments or liabilities first affected), subject to certain exceptions. 
 
Status and 
Subordination 
Terms of the 
Subordinated Notes 
Subordinated Notes not intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes 
 
The Subordinated Notes not intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes and the relative 
Coupons constitute subordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and with all other present

--- Page 7 ---
3 
 
 
 
 
and future subordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer (other than those 
subordinated obligations expressed by or under their own terms to rank 
subordinated and junior to the Subordinated Notes not intended to qualify as Tier 
2 Notes, including the Issuer’s Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 
Notes), save for those preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law 
(including the Implementing Act). 
 
Save as provided by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law (including the 
Implementing Act), all claims in respect of, or arising under, the Subordinated 
Notes not intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes and the relative Coupons against the 
Issuer are in the Winding-Up of the Issuer subordinated to (a) the claims of 
depositors (other than in respect of those whose deposits are expressed by or under 
their own terms to rank equally to or lower than the Subordinated Notes), (b) 
unsubordinated claims with respect to the repayment of borrowed money 
(including those unsubordinated and unsecured obligations having a lower 
ranking in reliance on article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act 
(Faillissementswet) (or any other act or provision implementing article 108 
paragraph 2 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399, 
in The Netherlands)), (c) the claims of creditors arising from excluded liabilities 
of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 and (d) 
other unsubordinated claims (collectively, "Non Tier-2 Senior Claims"). 
 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to a Subordinated Noteholder will, in 
the event of the Winding-Up of the Issuer, only be made after all obligations of 
the Issuer resulting from Non Tier-2 Senior Claims have been satisfied. If 
resolution proceedings are commenced in respect of the Issuer in accordance with 
the Applicable Resolution Framework, the aforementioned ranking in the event 
of bankruptcy will in principle be followed, in reverse order (with the most junior 
instruments or liabilities first affected), subject to certain exceptions. 
 
Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes 
 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the proceeds of the issue of the Subordinated 
Notes be treated for regulatory purposes as Tier 2 capital as referred to in Article 
71 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as amended, or any Future Capital 
Requirements Regulations ("Tier 2 Capital").  
 
The Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes and the relative 
Coupons constitute subordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and with all other present 
and future Tier 2 own funds instruments (and senior to Tier 1 capital items as 
referred to in Article 25 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as amended). 
 
Save as provided by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law, all claims in 
respect of, or arising under, the Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 
Notes and the relative Coupons against the Issuer are in the Winding-Up of the 
Issuer subordinated to (a) the claims of depositors, (b) unsubordinated claims with 
respect to the repayment of borrowed money (including those unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations having a lower ranking in reliance on article 212rb of the 
Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other act or provision 
implementing article 108 paragraph 2 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in The Netherlands)), (c) other unsubordinated claims 
and those claims preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provision, (d) MREL 
Eligible Liabilities, (e) the claims of creditors arising from excluded liabilities of 
the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, (g) 
Subordinated Notes not intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes and (g) any other 
claims that do not result from an own funds item as referred to in point (118) of 
Article 4(1) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as amended (collectively, "Tier 2 
Senior Claims").

--- Page 8 ---
4 
 
 
 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to a Subordinated Noteholder will, in 
the event of the Winding-Up of the Issuer, only be made after all obligations of 
the Issuer resulting from Tier 2 Senior Claims have been satisfied. If resolution 
proceedings are commenced in respect of the Issuer in accordance with the 
Applicable Resolution Framework, the aforementioned ranking in the event of 
bankruptcy will in principle be followed, in reverse order (with the most junior 
instruments or liabilities first affected), subject to certain exceptions. 
 
From (and including) the date on which the act or law implementing article 48(7) 
of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended (including by way of Directive (EU) 
2019/879) into Dutch law becomes effective in the Netherlands (the 
"Implementing Act"), Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes 
and the relative Coupons are intended to qualify as, and comprise part of, tier 2 
capital own funds items having a lower priority ranking than any claim that does 
not result from a tier 2 capital own funds item within the meaning of, or as 
contemplated in, the Implementing Act (and ranking senior to any Tier 1 capital 
items as referred to in Article 25 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as amended). 
 
Should any outstanding Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes 
be fully excluded from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer (a "Disqualification Event" 
and the Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes affected by the 
Disqualification Event, the "Disqualified Tier 2 Notes"), such Disqualified Tier 
2 Notes shall rank in accordance with the status and ranking provisions set out 
above in respect of Subordinated Notes not intended to qualify as Tier 2 Note or 
otherwise in accordance with the Implementing Act, without the need for any 
action from the Issuer and without consultation of the holders of such 
Subordinated Notes or the holders of any other Notes outstanding at such time. 
 
No set-off or netting 
in respect of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes 
and Subordinated 
Notes 
No Noteholder holding Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities may 
exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting in respect of any amount owed to 
it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with such Notes. To the extent that 
any holder of such Notes nevertheless claims a right of setoff or netting in respect 
of any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of 
whether the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such holder is 
required to immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount 
which purportedly has been set off or netted (such a transfer, a "Set-off 
Repayment") and no rights can be derived from the relevant Notes until the Issuer 
has received in full the relevant Set-off Repayment. Irrespective of any other 
setoff or netting agreement providing otherwise, the (im)possibility of any set-off 
or netting by a holder of any Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes shall be 
exclusively governed by Dutch law. 
 
Overview of order of 
application of 
Bankruptcy and 
Resolution in respect 
of the Notes 
The below table compares the order in which losses will be absorbed on the Notes 
issued under this Programme in situations of bankruptcy of the Issuer and in write-
down and conversion (subject to certain exceptions and potential changes in the 
future, including the implementation of Directive (EU) 2019/879, as amended, 
into Dutch law): 
 
Bankruptcy 
Resolution *  
1. Subordinated Notes qualifying as 
Tier 2 instruments. 
1. Subordinated Notes qualifying as 
Tier 2 instruments. 
2. Subordinated Notes that do not 
(or no longer) qualify as Tier 2 
Notes. 
2. Subordinated Notes that do not (or no 
longer) qualify as Tier 2 Notes. 
3. Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
3. Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
4. Senior Preferred Notes. 
4. Senior Preferred Notes.

--- Page 9 ---
5 
 
 
 
* The principle applicable to resolution procedures is that no creditor may be 
worse off than in bankruptcy. 
 
Maturities 
The Notes may have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s), subject to a minimum maturity of one month and, in the case 
of Subordinated Notes, five years, and a maximum maturity of 30 years and to 
such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
 
Any Notes having a maturity of less than one year and in respect of which either 
(i) the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (ii) the 
activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment maintained by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must (a) have a minimum redemption 
value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to 
persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses, or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (b) 
be issued in other circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of section 
19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") by the Issuer. 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at any price as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The 
price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined 
by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. 
Redemption at 
Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed, written down or converted or purchased and 
cancelled, Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their Final Redemption 
Amount which may be the nominal amount of such Notes or such other amount 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Optional 
Redemption 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer as 
described in Condition 8.3 (Optional Early Redemption (Issuer Call)) and/or the 
Noteholders as described in Condition 8.5 (Optional Early Redemption (Investor 
Put)) to the extent (if any all) specified in the Final Terms. 
Redemption for 
Taxation Reasons 
(Tax Call) and 
Illegality (Illegality 
Call) 
To the extent specified in the Final Terms, early redemption will be permitted for 
taxation reasons as described in Condition 8.2 (Early Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons (Tax Call)) and, in respect of Senior Preferred Notes only, for illegality 
as described in Condition 8.6 (Redemption for Illegality (Illegality Call)). 
Early Redemption 
Amount 
If the Notes are to be redeemed early, such Notes will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount, which may be an amount equal to the Issue Price, such 
Note's nominal amount or such other amount as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Redemption of the 
Subordinated Notes 
for regulatory 
purposes 
If "Regulatory Call" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may 
upon the occurrence of a Capital Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes) 
and/or an MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes 
intended to qualify as MREL Eligibilities) redeem the Subordinated Notes, in 
whole but not in part, at any time, if the Issuer has notified the relevant 
Subordinated Noteholders on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
irrevocable notice, or such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices):  
(a)  
in the case of Subordinated Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes prior to the Capital Event, the prior 
permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77(1) CRR and

--- Page 10 ---
6 
 
 
 
(ii) the Issuer demonstrating to the satisfaction of the Competent 
Authority that it meets the conditions in Article 78 CRR, which may 
include requiring the replacement of the Subordinated Notes with own 
funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable 
for the income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(b)  
in the case of Subordinated Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities prior to the MREL 
Disqualification Event, (i) the prior permission of the Relevant Resolution 
Authority pursuant to Article 77(2) CRR and (ii) compliance with any 
other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such redemption as 
may be required by the Relevant Resolution Authority, Competent 
Authority or the Applicable MREL Regulations at such time. 
The Issuer will redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions and subject to Condition 8.8 (Redemption, substitution and variation 
for regulatory purposes of Subordinated Notes) at the Early Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms together with accrued interest (if any) to 
but excluding the date of redemption. 
Redemption of the 
Senior Preferred 
Notes intended to 
qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities 
and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes for 
regulatory purposes 
If "MREL Disqualification Event Call" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer may upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event redeem 
the Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in whole but not in part, at any time, if the Issuer has 
notified the Noteholders on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
irrevocable notice, or such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). Additionally, redemption 
of the Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject (i) the Issuer obtaining the prior permission 
of the Relevant Resolution Authority pursuant to Article 77(2) CRR and (ii) 
compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such 
redemption as may be required by the Relevant Resolution Authority, Competent 
Authority or the Applicable MREL Regulations at such time.  
The Issuer will redeem the Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities and Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions and subject to Condition 8.7 (Redemption, substitution and 
variation for regulatory purposes of Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) at the Early 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together with 
accrued interest (if any) to but excluding the date of redemption. 
Substitution or 
Variation of Senior 
Preferred Notes 
intended to qualify 
as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities and 
Senior Non-
Preferred Notes 
If "Substitution or Variation" is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if an 
MREL Disqualification (as defined in Condition 8.7 (Redemption, substitution 
and variation for regulatory purposes of Senior Preferred Notes intended to 
qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes) has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer 
may, subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Resolution Authority 
pursuant to Article 77(2) CRR (but without any requirement for the permission of 
the Noteholders) and on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable 
notice in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) to the Noteholders, either 
substitute all, but not some only, of the Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities or Senior Non-Preferred Notes or vary the terms of 
such Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become MREL Compliant 
Notes. 
Substitution or 
Variation of the 
Subordinated Notes 
If "Substitution or Variation" is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if a 
Capital Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes) and/or an MREL Disqualification 
Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 11 ---
7 
 
 
 
as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities) has occurred and is 
continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to the prior permission of the Competent 
Authority and/or Relevant Resolution Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR (but 
without any requirement for the permission of the Subordinated Noteholders) and 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) to the Subordinated Noteholders, either substitute all, 
but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes or vary the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Tier 2 
Compliant Notes (in the case of Subordinated Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes) or MREL Eligible Liabilities 
(in the case of Subordinated Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities).  
 
Statutory Loss 
Absorption and 
Recapitalisation 
The Notes may become subject to the determination by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority or the Issuer (following instructions from the Relevant Resolution 
Authority) that without the consent of the relevant Noteholders: 
 
(a) 
all or part of the nominal amount of such Notes, including accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be written down or otherwise be 
applied to absorb losses, subject to write-up by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority (such write-down, "Statutory Loss Absorption"); or 
(b) 
all or part of the nominal amount of such Notes, including accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be converted into claims which 
may give right to Common Equity Tier 1 instruments (such conversion, 
"Recapitalisation"), 
all as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework. 
 
Upon any such determination (i) the relevant proportion of the outstanding 
nominal amount of the Notes subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation shall be written down or converted into claims which may give 
right to Common Equity Tier 1 instruments or otherwise be applied to absorb 
losses, as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, (ii) such Statutory 
Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall not constitute an Event of Default and 
(iii) Noteholders will have no further claims in respect of the amount so written 
down or the amount subject to conversion or otherwise as a result of such 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation, including with respect to any 
accrued but unpaid interest on such written down or converted amounts.  
 
Subject to the determination by the Relevant Resolution Authority and without 
the consent of the Noteholders, the Notes may be subject to other resolution 
measures as envisaged under the Applicable Resolution Framework. 
Interest 
Interest in respect of the Notes may have a Fixed Rate, Floating Rate, CMS-
Linked Interest Rate or may not bear interest (Zero Coupon). 
Notes may be converted from one interest basis to another if so provided in the 
applicable Final Terms. Such Notes may be Fixed Rate Reset Notes or Fixed-to-
Floating Rate Reset Notes.  
 
Maximum or 
Minimum Rates of 
Interest 
Floating Rate Notes, Fixed to Floating Rate Notes and CMS-Linked Interest Rate 
Notes may specify a Maximum Rate of Interest or a Minimum Rate of Interest, or 
both, as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms. If a Maximum Rate of 
Interest is specified then the rate of interest will in no case be higher than such 
rate and if a Minimum Rate of Interest is specified, then the rate of interest will in 
no case be lower than such rate.

--- Page 12 ---
8 
 
 
 
Redenomination 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Notes may be redenominated 
in Euro pursuant to Condition 3 (Redenomination) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes. 
Denominations 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or such other amount as may be required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, save that in the case of 
any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area or the United Kingdom or offered to the public in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom in 
circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be 
EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of 
such Notes). See also "Maturities" above. 
Substitution of the 
Issuer 
The Issuer is entitled, subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, to 
substitute any other company as principal debtor in respect of all obligations 
arising from or in connection with any Series of Notes. Upon a substitution of the 
Issuer, the Issuer will give notice to the holders of the Notes in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Cross Default 
The terms of the Senior Preferred Notes not intended to qualify as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities will contain a cross default provision as further described in Condition 
5.1(d) (Events of Default) of the Notes. 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its 
general corporate purposes. The Issuer may use the net proceeds from the issue of 
certain Notes (or amounts equal thereto), which will be designated as "Green 
Bonds", for projects that promote climate and other environmental purposes in 
accordance with the NIBC Green Bond Framework. 
Taxation 
Payments in respect of the Notes will be made without withholding or deduction 
for, or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of The Netherlands (or any taxing jurisdiction 
other than or in addition to The Netherlands to which the Issuer is or becomes 
subject at any time) or any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such 
taxes or duties is required by law or by the administration or official interpretation 
thereof at the initiative of the relevant tax authority of the Issuer. In that event, the 
Issuer will (subject as provided in Condition 6 (Taxation)) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, either (i) not pay any additional amounts or (ii) pay such 
additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
receiving such amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes or 
Coupons had no such withholding or deduction been required. 
 
Governing Law 
The Notes, all related contractual documentation and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes or such related 
contractual documentation, will be governed by the laws of The Netherlands.  
Selling Restrictions 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the United 
States, the European Economic Area (including The Netherlands, Belgium and 
Italy), the United Kingdom, Japan, Switzerland, Hong Kong, Singapore, South 
Korea, Taiwan and such other restrictions as may be required in connection with 
the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated (in which case such 
rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms) or unrated. In the case of 
rated Notes, the applicable Final Terms will specify whether or not each credit 
rating applied for in relation to therelevant Tranche of Notes has been or will be 
issued (i) by a credit rating agency established in the European Economic Area

--- Page 13 ---
9 
 
 
 
and registered in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (as 
amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation") (or whether such ratings are issued by a 
certified credit rating agency under the EU CRA Regulation or are endorsed under 
the EU CRA Regulation by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Economic Area and registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation) or (ii) 
by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK 
CRA Regulation") (or whether such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation or endorsed under the UK CRA 
Regulation by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and 
registered in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation). 
If the relevant Tranche of Notes is rated, it is expected that (i) in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes issued under the Programme, such Notes will initially be rated 
BBB+ by Standard & Poor's and BBB+ by Fitch or Fitch Ratings Limited and that 
(ii) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued under the Programme, such 
Notes will initially be rated BBB- by Standard & Poor's and BBB by Fitch or Fitch 
Ratings Limited. The credit ratings by Standard & Poor’s, Fitch and Fitch Ratings 
Limited have been or will have been obtained at the request of the Issuer. 
 
At the date of this Offering Circular, (i) Standard & Poor's and Fitch are 
established in the European Economic Area and have been registered by ESMA 
as credit rating agencies in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation and (ii) the 
ratings of Standard & Poor's and Fitch are endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited and Fitch Ratings Limited, respectively, which are established in the 
United Kingdom and have been registered with the Financial Conduct Authority 
as credit rating agencies in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
At the date of this Offering Circular, (i) Fitch Ratings Limited is established in the 
United Kingdom and is registered with the Financial Conduct Authority as a credit 
rating agency in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and (ii) the ratings of 
Fitch Ratings Limited are endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited which is 
established in the European Union and has been registered by ESMA as a credit 
rating agency in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Economic Area and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the European Economic Area but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Economic Area and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the European Economic Area which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. 
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the United Kingdom but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the United Kingdom which is certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation.  
 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any Notes and may be 
subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the relevant rating 
organisation.

--- Page 14 ---
10 
 
 
 
Listing and 
Admission to 
Trading 
Application has been made to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. for the Notes (other than 
Unlisted Notes) issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from 
the date of this Offering Circular to be admitted to listing and trading on Euronext 
in Amsterdam, the regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. ("Euronext 
Amsterdam"). 
 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further 
stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
in relation to the relevant Series. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to 
trading on any market may also be issued.

--- Page 15 ---
11 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme. These factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not 
in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under 
the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the 
statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Additional risks and 
uncertainties not presently known to the Issuer or that the Issuer currently believes to be immaterial to the 
Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Prospective Investors should 
also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Offering Circular and reach their own views 
prior to making any investment decision with respect to any Notes. 
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the order in which 
the remaining risks are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of the risks actually 
materialising, of the potential significance of the risks or of the scope of any potential negative impact to 
the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The Issuer may face a number 
of these risks described below simultaneously and some risks described below may be interdependent. 
While the risk factors below have been divided into categories, some risk factors could belong in more than 
one category and prospective investors should carefully consider all of the risk factors set out in this 
section. 
Any reference to the "Issuer" below should, where the context so requires, be read as a reference to the 
group that the Issuer forms part of, unless the context requires otherwise. 
Terms used in this section and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given to them in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes". References to "Final Terms" shall, in the case of an issue of Unlisted Notes, be 
read and construed as a reference to the applicable Pricing Supplement, unless the context otherwise 
requires. 
Factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme  
A.  
Risks related to financial conditions, market circumstances and economic trends. 
1. The Issuer's revenues and earnings are affected by the volatility and strength of the economic, 
business and capital markets environments specific to the geographic regions in which it conducts 
business. The ongoing turbulence and volatility of such factors have affected, and may continue to 
(adversely) affect, the profitability and solvency of the Issuer. 
The Issuer is a multinational banking and financial services enterprise which is active in various geographic 
regions, and may be impacted by ongoing turbulence, turmoil and volatility in the global financial markets 
as well as economic, business and capital markets environments specific to the geographic regions in which 
it conducts business. Factors such as interest rates, securities prices, credit spreads, liquidity spreads, 
exchange rates, consumer spending, changes in client behaviour, business investment, real estate and 
private equity valuations, government spending, inflation, the volatility and strength of the capital markets, 
political events and trends, environmental developments, pandemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic), 
epidemics, health emergencies and terrorism all impact the business of the Issuer and the economic 
environment in which it operates (including the global financial markets) and, ultimately, its solvency, 
liquidity and the amount of and profitability of the business of the Issuer. Unforeseeable and/or catastrophic 
events, pandemics, epidemics and other health and environmental crises may also lead to an abrupt 
interruption of activities, the Issuer's business operations may be subject to losses resulting from such 
disruptions (as discussed further below under "B. 2. Operational risks are inherent to the Issuer's 
business"), in particular where business continuity plans are not able to be put into action or do not take 
such events into account.

--- Page 16 ---
12 
 
 
 
In case one or more of the factors mentioned above adversely affects the profitability of the Issuer's business 
this might also result, among other things, in the following: 
• 
reserve inadequacies which could ultimately be realised through profit and loss and shareholders' 
equity; 
• 
the write down of tax assets impacting net results; 
• 
impairment expenses related to goodwill and other intangible assets, impacting net results; and/or 
• 
movements in risk weighted assets for the determination of required capital. 
The Issuer is in particular exposed to financial, business, health, market and political conditions in The 
Netherlands, the United Kingdom and Germany from which markets it derives a significant portion of its 
revenues. To a lesser extent the Issuer is exposed to circumstances in other European economies. These 
markets may in turn by broader global and European circumstances. In an economic downturn characterised 
by higher unemployment, lower family income, lower corporate earnings, higher corporate and private debt 
defaults, lower business investments, and lower consumer spending, the demand for banking products is 
usually adversely affected and the Issuer's reserves and provisions typically would increase, resulting in 
overall lower earnings. Securities prices, real estate values and private equity valuations may also be 
adversely impacted and any such losses would be realised through profit and loss and shareholders' equity. 
The Issuer also offers a number of financial products that expose it to risks associated with fluctuations in 
interest rates, securities prices, corporate and private default rates, the value of real estate assets, exchange 
rates and credit spreads. See also "A. 6. Interest rate volatility and other interest rate changes may adversely 
affect the Issuer's profitability", "A. 5. Continued turbulence and volatility in the financial markets and 
economy generally may adversely affect the Issuer results and prospects", and "A. 8. Market conditions 
observed over the past few years may increase the risk of loans being impaired. The Issuer is exposed to 
declining values on the collateral supporting corporate, residential and commercial real estate, as well as 
shipping and infrastructure lending" below. 
2. The COVID-19 pandemic may materially adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial condition, 
regulatory capital position and results of operations. 
The current novel coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak is having a profound impact on business, has caused 
stock markets worldwide to lose significant value and impacted global economic activity, and it is possible 
that it will cause a prolonged global economic crisis or recession. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic 
on economic conditions is volatile and uncertain and may affect the Issuer in ways that are not currently 
known or foreseen. The Issuer is dealing with the COVID-19 pandemic and the potential impact on its 
business by prudently extending credit prioritising the support to its existing client base over the origination 
of new loans in its corporate client offering and by increasing its efforts on portfolio management, with 
intensified client interaction and increased monitoring, to monitor the performance of its credit portfolios 
and the impact of the pandemic on credit risks. Many of the employees of the Issuer are working remotely 
in an effort to safeguard the health and safety of the Issuer’s employees and to limit the risk of the virus 
spreading throughout the Issuer’s organisation as much as possible. 
Like many businesses the impact on the Issuer is expected to continue to be material and will depend on 
how the situation and its impact on the economy and the Issuer’s customers evolve. The measures that have 
and may in the future be taken by governments, regulators, communities and businesses (including the 
Issuer) to respond to the outbreak of COVID-19 have led and could continue to lead to material or prolonged 
disruptions to the Issuer’s business and staff. Similarly, the Issuer may also be indirectly affected by the 
COVID-19 pandemic as the pandemic may result in an economic downturn and may negatively affect the 
financial condition of the Issuer’s counterparties and clients and may ultimately increase the risk of 
impairments and defaults by the Issuer’s clients and counterparties under loans and other contractual 
arrangements. As a general approach, the Issuer has opted, where possible, for tailored measures towards 
its clients that would work best for their situation rather than to participate in general moratoria on loan 
repayments. 
In addition, even where regulatory authorities take into account the significant operational and financial 
difficulties posed by the COVID-19 pandemic, compliance with current and future legislation continues to 
take up significant resources of the Issuer, whereas the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Issuer’s 
operations and financial position will make continued compliance more difficult from an operational and

--- Page 17 ---
13 
 
 
 
financial perspective. Any non-compliance with current and future legislation may adversely affect the 
Issuer’s reputation, and result in administrative action, judicial proceedings against the Issuer, a revocation 
of its licenses, the imposition of restrictions of its activities, cease and desist order, fines, penalties and 
other disciplinary action all of which could materially adversely affect the Issuer’s result of operations and 
financial condition. 
As at the date of this Offering Circular, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to be a rapidly 
evolving situation. There will likely be more impacts for the Issuer from a financial perspective through 
this unprecedented period and if the impact of the virus continues to be severe and prolonged, this may 
have a materially adverse impact on the Issuer's business, solvency position and results of operations. In 
2020, credit loss expenses were significantly higher compared to the previous year and the Issuer’s profit 
after tax has been significantly affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, reflected in elevated impairments, 
lower investment income and negative other income including negative fair value movements on loans and 
retained CLO positions. In addition, the impact of COVID-19 is being felt in the market in which the Issuer 
operates, particularly on the corporate side, reflected by lower levels of origination of new corporate loans 
throughout 2020. 
As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic Fitch has placed the Issuer’s BBB Long term issuer default rating 
and debt ratings on Rating Watch Negative and Standard & Poor’s has revised the Issuer’s outlook to 
negative from stable. On Friday 11 September 2020, Fitch has removed the Issuer’s Long-Term Issuer 
Default Rating (LT IDR) and Viability Rating (VR) from Rating Watch Negative (RWN), and assigned a 
Negative Outlook to the LT IDR (see the risk factor "C.3. Ratings are important to the Issuer's business for 
a number of reasons. Downgrades could have an adverse impact on its operations and net results." for the 
risks associated with a downgrade of the Issuer’s credit ratings). 
3. Adverse capital and credit market conditions may impact the Issuer's ability to access liquidity 
and capital, as well as the cost of credit and capital. 
 
Adverse capital market conditions may affect the availability and cost of borrowed funds, thereby impacting 
the Issuer's ability to support or grow its businesses. 
The Issuer needs liquidity in its day-to-day business activities to pay its operating expenses, interest on its 
debt, dividends on its capital stock, to maintain its repo activities and to replace certain maturing liabilities. 
Without sufficient liquidity, the Issuer may be forced to curtail its operations and its business may suffer. 
The principal sources of its funding are client deposits, including from retail clients, and medium- and long-
term debt securities. Other sources of funding may also include a variety of short- and long-term 
instruments, including repurchase agreements, commercial paper, medium- and long-term debt, 
subordinated debt securities, securitised debt, capital securities and shareholders' equity. 
In the event current resources do not satisfy its needs or need to be refinanced, the Issuer may need to seek 
additional financing. The availability of additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as 
market conditions, the general availability of credit, the volume of trading activities, the volume of maturing 
debt that needs to be refinanced, the overall availability of credit to the financial services industry, the 
Issuer's credit ratings and credit capacity, as well as the possibility that customers or lenders could develop 
a negative perception of its long- or short-term financial prospects. Similarly, the Issuer's access to funds 
may be limited if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against it. If the Issuer's 
internal sources of liquidity prove to be insufficient, there is a risk that external funding sources might not 
be available, or available at unfavourable terms. 
Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital and credit markets, such as that experienced over the 
past few years, including in relation to the ongoing European sovereign debt crisis, may also limit the 
Issuer's access to capital required to operate its business. It is possible that the current COVID-19 pandemic 
may also disrupt markets in a significant manner and restrict the Issuer’s ability to access the capital markets 
and other liquidity sources. Adverse market conditions (including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic) 
may in the future limit the Issuer's ability to raise additional capital to support business growth, or to 
counter-balance the consequences of losses or increased regulatory capital requirements. This could force 
the Issuer to (1) delay raising capital, (2) reduce, cancel or postpone interest payments on its capital 
securities (if outstanding at such time), (3) issue capital of different types or under different terms than the 
Issuer would otherwise offer, or (4) incur a higher cost of capital than it would in a more stable market 
environment. This would have the potential to decrease both the Issuer's profitability and its financial

--- Page 18 ---
14 
 
 
 
flexibility. The Issuer's results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and regulatory capital position 
could be materially adversely affected by disruptions in the financial markets. 
4. The default of a major market participant could disrupt the markets. 
Within the financial services industry the severe distress or default of any one institution (including 
sovereigns) could lead to defaults or severe distress by other institutions. Such distress or defaults could 
disrupt securities markets or clearance and settlement systems in the Issuer's markets. This could cause 
market declines or volatility. Because the commercial and financial soundness of many financial institutions 
may be closely related as a result of their credit, trading, clearing or other relationships, a failure by one 
such institution could lead to a chain of defaults that could adversely affect the Issuer and its contract 
counterparties. Even concerns about the creditworthiness of a sovereign or financial institution (or a default 
by any such entity) could lead to significant liquidity and/or solvency problems, losses or defaults by other 
institutions. Even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions about, a sovereign or a 
counterparty may lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by the Issuer or by other 
institutions. This risk is sometimes referred to as "systemic risk" and may adversely affect financial 
intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges with 
whom the Issuer interacts on a daily basis and financial instruments of sovereigns in which the Issuer 
invests. Systemic risk could impact the Issuer directly as a result of significant credit losses on transactions 
entered into with defaulting counterparties or indirectly by impacting the Issuer's ability to access the 
reduced levels of available market liquidity. Ultimately, systemic risk may have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer’s ability to raise new funding and on its business, financial condition, results of operations, 
liquidity and/or prospects. In addition, such a failure could impact future product sales as a potential result 
of reduced confidence in the financial services industry. 
5. Continued turbulence and volatility in the financial markets and economy generally may adversely 
affect the Issuer results and prospects. 
There are continued concerns about weaker economic conditions, the debt burden of various European 
countries, the uncertain consequences of the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union, 
increasing political instability, the ability of certain countries to remain in the Eurozone, unemployment, 
the availability and cost of credit, inflation levels, climate change, the COVID-19 pandemic and the 
economic consequences thereof and geopolitical issues may all contribute to adverse developments and 
circumstances within the financial markets and the economy in general. 
Adverse developments in the financial markets have included reduced consumer confidence volatility, 
widening of credit spreads and overall shortage of liquidity and tightening of financial markets throughout 
the world. There are also significant risks that any default or credit down grade of sovereign debt or major 
financial institution may in itself trigger a broad economic downturn in Europe in elsewhere, with 
significant concerns having been raised in this respect in recent years. Sovereign governments across the 
globe, including in regions where the Issuer operates, have also experienced budgetary and other financial 
difficulties, which have resulted in austerity measures, downgrades in credit ratings by credit agencies, 
planned or implemented bail-out measures and, on occasion, civil unrest and may ultimately trigger 
economic downturns. These concerns have recently flared up again as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 
pandemic which put further stress on (in particular) already at risk-economies.  
The Issuer's business and results of operations are impacted by conditions in the global capital markets and 
the economy generally, and any adverse development such as an economic downturn and increased 
volatility market could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's revenues and results of operations and 
prospects, including through an increase defaults and withdrawal of client deposits that the Issuer has 
among other things originated via internet banking. 
6. Interest rate volatility and other interest rate changes may adversely affect the Issuer's profitability. 
Changes in prevailing interest rates may negatively affect the Issuer's business including the level of net 
interest revenue the Issuer earns, and for its banking business the levels of deposits and the demand for 
loans. In a period of changing interest rates, interest expense may increase at different rates than the interest 
earned on assets. Accordingly, changes in interest rates could decrease net interest revenue. Changes in the 
interest rates may negatively affect the value of the Issuer's assets and its ability to realise gains or avoid 
losses from the sale of those assets, all of which also ultimately affect earnings.

--- Page 19 ---
15 
 
 
 
Declining interest rates may result in: 
• 
lower investment earnings because the interest earnings on the Issuer's fixed income investments 
could decline in parallel with market interest rates on its assets; and 
• 
lower profitability since the Issuer may not be able to fully track the decline in interest rates in its 
savings rate. 
7. The Issuer’s business may be disrupted by benchmark reform 
The London inter-bank offered rate ("LIBOR"), the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate ("EURIBOR") and 
other interest rate or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of 
ongoing regulatory reform, including those introduced by Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks 
Regulation") which entered into force on 1 January 2018). Following the implementation of any such 
potential reforms, the manner of administration of benchmarks may change, with the result that they may 
perform differently than in the past, or benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, or there could be other 
consequences, including those which cannot be predicted. These reforms and other pressures may cause 
one or more interest rate benchmarks to disappear entirely or to perform differently and may dissuade 
market participants from using certain benchmarks such as LIBOR or EURIBOR or to continue to 
administer or participate in such benchmarks. 
The Issuer relies on various benchmarks (including those subject to regulatory reform) to set its prices and 
changes and changes in the administration of such benchmarks (including any discontinuation thereof) or 
any such benchmarks no longer being consistent with the requirements imposed on the Issuer under the 
Benchmarks regulation may result in a number of risks to the Issuer, its clients and the financial markets 
generally. Such risks include (i) the costs and operational burden involved in the Issuer having to amend its 
existing contracts and transactions as a result of such reforms (which may also require the Issuer to adapt 
its IT systems and reporting procedures), (ii) financial risks resulting from changes in valuation of 
instruments and contracts referencing benchmarks subject to reform as well as reduced levels of liquidity 
for instruments and contracts referencing certain benchmarks subject to reform, (iii) the risk of litigation 
and complaints following the making of changes to existing contracts and instruments to address such 
reforms as well as any associated financial risks described in paragraph (ii) above and (iv) a reduced ability 
of the Issuer to adequately price its products. 
At the date of this Offering Circular, it is not possible to determine the ultimate effects of benchmark reform 
on the Issuer, as significant uncertainties remain. However, such benchmark reform and the transition to 
alternative benchmark rates may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial position, results of 
operations and prospects. 
8. Market conditions observed over the past few years may increase the risk of loans being impaired. The 
Issuer is exposed to declining values on the collateral supporting corporate, residential and commercial 
real estate, as well as shipping and infrastructure lending. 
The Issuer is exposed to the risk that its borrowers may not repay their loans according to their contractual 
terms and that the collateral securing the payment of these loans may be insufficient. The Issuer may see 
adverse changes in the credit quality of its borrowers and counterparties, for example as a result of their 
inability to refinance their indebtedness, with increasing delinquencies, defaults and insolvencies across a 
range of sectors. This may lead to impairment charges on loans and other assets, higher costs and additions 
to loan loss provisions. A significant increase in the size of the Issuer's provision for loan losses could have 
a material adverse effect on its financial position and results of operations. 
Economic and other factors (including access to funding, prevailing interest rates, catastrophic events, 
climate change and pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic) could lead to a contraction in the 
residential mortgage, commercial, shipping and infrastructure lending market (including, without 
limitation, SME lending) and to further decreases in residential and commercial property prices and in 
shipping and infrastructure asset prices which could generate substantial increases in impairment losses. 
9. Brexit has resulted in an uncertain situation which may adversely affect the financial markets and the 
Issuer’s activities in the United Kingdom. 
On 31 January 2020, the United Kingdom has withdrawn from the European Union as a Member State. 
Until 31 December 2020, a transitional phase was in effect in which the rules and regulations of the

--- Page 20 ---
16 
 
 
 
European Union remain applicable for the United Kingdom. On 1 January 2021, this transitional phase 
ceased to apply. Although the European Union and the United Kingdom agreed a post-Brexit "EU-UK 
Trade and Cooperation" Agreement on 24 December 2020, it is not yet fully certain what arrangements will 
define the future relationship between the European Union and the United Kingdom. The United 
Kingdom’s decision to leave the European Union and the lack of certainty scope and nature of the 
relationship between the European Union and the UK has caused, and is anticipated to continue to cause, 
significant new uncertainties and instability in the financial markets.  
The Issuer could be adversely impacted by related market developments such as increased exchange rate 
movements of the pound sterling versus the euro and higher financial market volatility in general due to 
increased uncertainty, any of which could affect the results of the Issuer's operations in the European Union 
or the United Kingdom. The Issuer’s activities in the United Kingdom could also be adversely impacted as 
a result of a move away from agreed and implemented European Union legislation. Ultimately, these 
uncertainties may have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations, financial condition 
and prospects of the Issuer and its counterparties.  
10. The Issuer's business may be negatively affected by a sustained increase in inflation and by deflation. 
A sustained increase in the inflation rate in the Issuer's principal markets would have multiple impacts on 
the Issuer and may negatively affect its business, solvency position and results of operations. For example, 
a sustained increase in the inflation rate may result in an increase in market interest rates which may: 
(1) decrease the estimated fair value of certain fixed income securities the Issuer holds in its investment 
portfolios resulting in: 
• 
reduced levels of unrealised capital gains available to it which could negatively impact its solvency 
position and net income; and/or 
• 
a decrease of collateral values; and/or 
(2) require the Issuer, as an issuer of securities, to pay higher interest rates on debt securities it issues in the 
financial markets from time to time to finance its operations which would increase its interest expenses and 
reduce its results of operations. 
A significant and sustained increase in inflation has historically also been associated with decreased prices 
for equity securities and sluggish performance of equity markets generally. A sustained decline in equity 
markets may: 
(1) result in impairment charges to equity securities that the Issuer holds in its investment portfolios and 
reduced levels of unrealised capital gains available to it which would reduce its net income and negatively 
impact its solvency position; and/or 
(2) negatively impact the ability of the Issuer's asset management activities to retain and attract assets under 
management, as well as the value of assets they do manage, which may negatively impact their results of 
operations. 
On the other hand, deflation (that is, continued periods with negative rates of inflation) in the Issuer's 
principal markets could also adversely affect the Issuer. In the past years, low inflation and deflation has 
materialised in the Eurozone. Deflation may erode collateral value, diminish the quality of loans as well as 
result in a decrease in borrowing levels which may adversely affect the Issuer’s business, solvency position 
and results of operations. 
B. 
Internal control risks 
1. The Issuer's risk management policies and guidelines may prove inadequate for the risks it faces. 
The Issuer has developed risk management policies and procedures and the Issuer expects to continue to 
do so in the future. Nonetheless, the Issuer's policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage risks 
may not be fully effective, particularly during extremely turbulent times, which may result from natural 
disasters, war or acts of terrorism, human rights violations, pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), 
epidemics, other health crises and environmental matters such as extreme weather and climate change. 
Although the Issuer has implemented measures to ensure business continuity and adequate service to its

--- Page 21 ---
17 
 
 
 
clients, enactment of such policies and procedures, especially during extended periods of time, may prove 
insufficient or burdensome to the Issuer’s operation and may lead to discontinuation, inefficiencies in or 
slowdown of its operational business processes. The methods the Issuer uses to manage, estimate and 
measure risk are partly based on historic market behaviour. The methods may, therefore, prove to be 
inadequate for predicting future risk exposure, which may be significantly greater than what is suggested 
by historic experience. For instance, these methods may not adequately allow prediction of circumstances 
arising due to the government interventions, stimulus and/or austerity packages, which increase the 
difficulty of evaluating risks. Other methods for risk management are based on evaluation of information 
regarding markets, customers or other information that is publicly known or otherwise available to the 
Issuer. Such information may not always be correct, updated or correctly evaluated. 
A lack of effectiveness or circumvention of the Issuer’s risk management policies and procedures may 
negatively affect the Issuer’s operations and may ultimately adversely affect the Issuer’s operations, 
financial condition and prospects. 
2. Operational risks are inherent to the Issuer's business. 
The Issuer's businesses depend on the ability to process a large number of transactions efficiently and 
accurately. Losses can result from inadequately trained or skilled personnel, IT failures (including due to a 
computer virus, ransomware or a failure to anticipate or prevent cyber-attacks or other attempts to gain 
unauthorised access to the Issuer’s systems), inadequate or failed internal control processes and systems, 
regulatory breaches, human errors, employee misconduct including fraud or from external events that 
interrupt normal business operations. The Issuer depends on the secure processing, storage and transmission 
of confidential and other information in its computer systems and networks. The equipment and software 
used in the Issuer's computer systems and networks may not be capable of processing, storing or 
transmitting information as expected. Certain of the Issuer's computer systems and networks may also have 
insufficient recovery capabilities in the event of a malfunction or loss of data. In addition, such systems and 
networks may be vulnerable to unauthorised access, computer viruses or other malicious code and other 
external attacks or internal breaches that could have a security impact and jeopardise the Issuer's 
confidential information or that of its clients or its counterparts. Similarly, the Issuer’s computer systems 
and networks may have insufficient recovery processes in the case of a loss of data. The Issuer also faces 
the risk that the design and operating effectiveness of its controls and procedures prove to be inadequate or 
are circumvented and a failure in it controls and procedures may ultimately hamper its ability to comply 
with regulatory requirements regarding the robustness of its systems and procedures and the handling of 
personal data and the Issuer’s ability to serve its clients. These events can potentially result in financial 
loss, harm to the Issuer's reputation and hinder its operational effectiveness and ultimately adversely affect 
the Issuer’s operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Widespread outbreaks of communicable diseases (including COVID-19) may impact the health of the 
Issuer's employees, increasing absenteeism, or may cause a significant increase in the utilisation of health 
benefits offered to its employees, either or both of which could adversely impact its business. Unforeseeable 
and/or catastrophic events can lead to an abrupt interruption of activities, and the Issuer's operations may 
be subject to losses resulting from such disruptions. Losses can result from destruction or impairment of 
property, financial assets, trading positions, the payment of insurance and pension benefits to employees 
and the loss of key personnel. If the Issuer's business continuity plans are not able to be implemented or do 
not take such events into account, losses may increase further. Any such events may result in financial loss, 
harm to the Issuer's reputation and hinder its operational effectiveness and ultimately adversely affect the 
Issuer’s operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Issuer has suffered losses from operational risk in the past and there can be no assurance that it will not 
suffer material losses from operational risk in the future. 
3. The Issuer may be unable to manage its risks successfully through derivatives. 
The Issuer employs various economic hedging strategies with the objective of mitigating the market risks 
that are inherent in its business and operations. These risks include currency fluctuations, changes in the 
fair value of its investments, the impact of interest rates, equity markets, credit spread changes and the 
occurrence of credit defaults. The Issuer seeks to control these risks by, among other things, entering into 
a number of derivative instruments, such as swaps, options, futures and forward contracts including from 
time to time macro hedges for parts of its business, either directly as a counterparty or as a credit support 
provider to affiliate parties. Developing an effective strategy for dealing with these risks is complex, and

--- Page 22 ---
18 
 
 
 
no strategy can completely insulate the Issuer from risks associated with those fluctuations. The Issuer's 
hedging strategies also rely on assumptions and projections regarding its assets, liabilities, general market 
factors and the creditworthiness of its counterparties that may prove to be incorrect or prove to be 
inadequate. Accordingly, the Issuer's hedging activities may not have the desired beneficial impact on its 
results of operations or financial condition. Poorly designed strategies or improperly executed transactions 
could actually increase its risks and losses.  
Hedging instruments used by the Issuer to manage product and other risks might not perform as intended 
or expected, which could result in higher (un)realised losses such as credit value adjustment risks or 
unexpected profit and loss effects, and unanticipated cash needs to collateralise or settle such transactions. 
Adverse market conditions can limit the availability and increase the costs of hedging instruments, and such 
costs may not be recovered in the pricing of the underlying products being hedged. In addition, hedging 
counterparties may fail to perform their obligations resulting in unhedged exposures and losses on positions 
that are not collateralised. As such, the Issuer's hedging strategies involve transaction costs and other costs, 
and if the Issuer terminates a hedging arrangement, it may also be required to pay additional costs, such as 
transaction fees or breakage costs. It is possible that there will be periods in the future, during which the 
Issuer has incurred or may incur losses on transactions, perhaps significant, after taking into account the 
Issuer's hedging strategies. Further, the nature and timing of the Issuer's hedging transactions could actually 
increase its risk and losses. The Issuer's hedging strategies and the derivatives that the Issuer uses and may 
use, may not adequately mitigate or offset the risk of interest rate volatility and its hedging transactions 
may result in losses. 
The Issuer's hedging strategy additionally relies on the assumption that hedging counterparties remain able 
and willing to provide the hedges required by its strategy. Increased regulation, market shocks, worsening 
market conditions (whether due to the ongoing Euro crisis or otherwise), and/or other factors that affect or 
are perceived to affect the financial condition, liquidity and creditworthiness of the Issuer may reduce the 
ability and/or willingness of such counterparties to engage in hedging contracts with it and/or other parties, 
affecting the Issuer's overall ability to hedge its risks and adversely affecting its business, financial 
condition, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects. 
C.  
Risks related to the Issuer's business and operations. 
1. Because the Issuer operates in highly competitive markets, including its home market, it may not be 
able to increase or maintain its market share, which may have an adverse effect on its results of 
operations. 
There is substantial competition in The Netherlands and the other countries in which the Issuer does 
business for the types of corporate banking, consumer banking and other products and services it provides. 
Customer loyalty and retention can be influenced by a number of factors, including relative service levels, 
the prices and attributes of products and services and actions taken by competitors. If the Issuer is not able 
to match or compete with the products and services offered by the Issuer's competitors, it could adversely 
impact its ability to maintain or further increase its market share, which would adversely affect its results 
of operations. Competition could also increase due to new entrants in the markets (including non-bank 
lenders) that may have new operating models that are not burdened by potentially costly legacy operations. 
Increasing competition in these or any of its other markets may significantly impact its results if the Issuer 
is unable to match the products and services offered by its competitors. Over time, certain sectors of the 
financial services industry have become more concentrated, as institutions involved in a broad range of 
financial services have been acquired by or merged into other firms or have declared bankruptcy. These 
developments could result in the Issuer's competitors gaining greater access to capital and liquidity, 
expanding their ranges of products and services, or gaining geographic diversity. 
The Issuer may experience pricing pressures as a result of these factors in the event that some of its 
competitors seek to increase market share by reducing prices. 
2. Because the Issuer does business with many counterparties, the inability of these counterparties to 
meet their financial obligations could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations. 
Third parties that owe the Issuer money, securities or other assets may not pay or perform under their 
obligations. These parties include the issuers and guarantors (including sovereigns) of securities the Issuer 
holds, borrowers under loans originated or otherwise held, customers, trading counterparties, counterparties 
under swaps, credit default and other derivative contracts, clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses and

--- Page 23 ---
19 
 
 
 
other financial intermediaries. Severe distress or defaults by one or more of these parties on their obligations 
to the Issuer due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, downturns in the economy or real estate values, operational 
failure, etc., or even rumours about potential severe distress or defaults by one or more of these parties or 
regarding the financial services industry generally, could lead to losses for the Issuer, and defaults by other 
institutions. In light of experiences with significant constraints on liquidity and high cost of funds in the 
interbank lending market, and given the high level of interdependence between financial institutions, the 
Issuer is and will continue to be subject to the risk of deterioration of the commercial and financial 
soundness, or perceived soundness, of sovereigns and other financial services institutions. 
The Issuer routinely executes a high volume of transactions with counterparties in the financial services 
industry, resulting in large daily settlement amounts and significant credit and counterparty exposure. As a 
result, the Issuer faces concentration risk with respect to specific counterparties and customers. The Issuer 
is exposed to increased counterparty risk as a result of recent financial institution failures and weakness and 
will continue to be exposed to the risk of loss if counterparty financial institutions fail or are otherwise 
unable to meet their obligations. A default by, or even concerns about the creditworthiness of, one or more 
financial services institutions could therefore lead to further significant systemic liquidity problems, or 
losses or defaults by other financial institutions. 
In addition, the Issuer is subject to the risk that its rights against third parties may not be enforceable in all 
circumstances. The deterioration or perceived deterioration in the credit quality of third parties whose 
securities or obligations the Issuer holds could result in losses and/or adversely affect its ability to sell, 
rehypothecate or otherwise use those securities or obligations for liquidity purposes. A significant 
downgrade in the credit ratings of the Issuer's counterparties could also have a negative impact on its income 
and risk weighting, leading to increased capital requirements. While in many cases the Issuer is permitted 
to require additional collateral from counterparties that experience financial difficulty, disputes may arise 
as to the amount of collateral it is entitled to receive and the value of pledged assets. The Issuer's credit risk 
may also be exacerbated when the collateral it holds cannot be realised or is liquidated at prices not 
sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure that is due to the Issuer, which is 
most likely to occur during periods of illiquidity and depressed asset valuations, such as those experienced 
during the recent financial crisis. The termination of contracts and the foreclosure on collateral may subject 
the Issuer to claims for the improper exercise of its rights under such contracts. Bankruptcies, downgrades 
and disputes with counterparties as to the valuation of collateral tend to increase in times of market stress 
and illiquidity. 
Any of these developments or losses could materially and adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial 
condition, results of operations, liquidity and/or prospects. 
3. Ratings are important to the Issuer's business for a number of reasons. Downgrades could have an 
adverse impact on its operations and net results. 
Credit ratings represent the opinions of rating agencies regarding an entity's ability to repay its indebtedness. 
The Issuer's credit ratings are important to its ability to raise capital through the issuance of debt and to the 
cost of such financing. In the event of a downgrade the cost of issuing debt will increase, having an adverse 
effect on net results. Certain institutional investors may also be obliged to withdraw their deposits from the 
Issuer following a downgrade, which could have an adverse effect on its liquidity. The Issuer has credit 
ratings from Standard & Poor's and Fitch which review their ratings and rating methodologies on a recurring 
basis and may decide on a downgrade at any time. In addition, other rating agencies may seek to rate the 
Issuer or the Notes on an unsolicited basis and if such unsolicited ratings are lower than comparable ratings 
granted, such unsolicited ratings could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's results of operations, 
financial condition and liquidity and may negatively affect the market value of the Notes. The decision to 
withdraw a rating or continue with an unsolicited rating remains with the relevant rating agency. 
Moreover, the Issuer's assets are risk weighted. Downgrades of these assets could result in a higher risk 
weighting which may result in higher capital requirements. This may impact net earnings and the return on 
capital, and may have an adverse impact on the Issuer's competitive position. 
As rating agencies continue to evaluate the financial services industry, it is possible that rating agencies 
will heighten the level of scrutiny that they apply to financial institutions, increase the frequency and scope 
of their credit reviews, request additional information from the companies that they rate and potentially 
adjust upward the capital and other requirements employed in the rating agency models for maintenance of 
certain ratings levels. It is possible that the outcome of any such review of the Issuer would have additional

--- Page 24 ---
20 
 
 
 
adverse ratings consequences, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's results of 
operations, financial condition and liquidity. The Issuer may need to take actions in response to changing 
standards set by any of the rating agencies which could cause its business and operations to suffer. The 
Issuer cannot predict what additional actions rating agencies may take, or what actions the Issuer may take 
in response to the actions of rating agencies.  
A downgrade of the Issuer could result in a downgrade of the Notes. See "C. 3. Credit or corporate ratings 
may not reflect all risks" under “Factors which are material for assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme" below. 
4. The Issuer may be unable to retain key personnel. 
As a financial services enterprise with a decentralised management structure, the Issuer relies to a 
considerable extent on the quality of local management in the various countries in which the Issuer operates. 
The success of the Issuer's operations is dependent, among other things, on the Issuer's ability to attract and 
retain highly qualified professional personnel. The Issuer's ability to attract and retain key personnel is 
dependent on a number of factors, including prevailing market conditions and compensation packages 
offered by companies competing for the same talent. 
As a part of the responses of the European Commission and governments throughout Europe to the financial 
crisis in 2008, there have been and will be various laws and regulations, including those set out in CRD, 
the Guidelines on Remuneration Policies and Practices published by (the predecessor of) the European 
Banking Authority ("EBA")) and the Regulation of DNB on Sound Remuneration Policies 2017 (Regaling 
beheerst beloningsbeleid Wft 2017, the Act prohibiting the payment of variable remuneration to board 
members and day-to-day policy makers of financial institutions that receive state aid (Wet bonusverbod 
staatsgesteunde ondernemingen) and the Dutch Act on remuneration policy for financial enterprises (Wet 
Beloningsbeleid financiële ondernemingen), including (among other things) a bonus cap of 20% of fixed 
salary for employees that are employed in The Netherlands (subject to certain exceptions), to ensure that 
financial institutions' remuneration policies and practices are consistent with and promote for the employees 
of such financial enterprises sound and effective risk management, and that impose restrictions on the 
remuneration of personnel, with a focus on risk alignment of performance-related remuneration. In the 
future, there may be additional regulations applicable to the remuneration of the Issuer’s employees. 
These restrictions and political and public scrutiny of remuneration in the financial sector have had and will 
have an impact on the Issuer's existing remuneration policies and individual remuneration packages of 
personnel and may restrict the Issuer in its ability to offer competitive compensation relative to other 
financial and non-financial companies that are subject to fewer restrictions. Ultimately, this could adversely 
affect the Issuer's ability to retain or attract qualified employees. 
D.  
Legal and regulatory risk. 
1. The Issuer operates in highly regulated industries. There could be an adverse change or increase in 
the financial services laws and/or regulations governing its business. 
The Issuer is subject to detailed banking, investment services and other financial services laws and 
government regulation in each of the jurisdictions in which the Issuer conducts business. Regulatory 
agencies have broad administrative power over many aspects of the Issuer's business, which may include 
liquidity, capital adequacy and permitted investments, ethical issues, anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism 
measures, privacy, record keeping, product and sale suitability, and marketing and sales practices, and the 
Issuer's own internal governance practices. Banking, investment services and other financial services laws, 
regulations and policies currently governing the Issuer may also change at any time and in ways which have 
an adverse effect on its business, and it is difficult to predict the timing or form of any future regulatory or 
enforcement initiatives in respect thereof. Bank regulators and other supervisory authorities continue to 
scrutinise the financial services industry and its activities under regulations governing such matters as 
money-laundering, prohibited transactions with countries and persons subject to sanctions, and bribery or 
other anti-corruption measures.  
Regulation is becoming increasingly more extensive and complex and regulators are focusing with 
increased scrutiny on the industries in which the Issuer operates, often requiring additional resources from 
the Issuer. These regulations can serve to limit the Issuer's activities, including through its net capital, 
customer protection and market conduct requirements, and restrictions on businesses in which the Issuer

--- Page 25 ---
21 
 
 
 
can operate or invest. If the Issuer fails to address, or appears to fail to address, appropriately any of these 
matters, its reputation could be harmed, and it could be subject to additional legal risk, which could, in turn, 
increase the size and number of claims and damages asserted against the Issuer or subject it to enforcement 
actions, fines and penalties. In addition, changes in laws and regulations may restrict the Issuer in continuing 
to perform activities which it is currently undertaking or continuing to hold its current investment positions, 
which may adversely affect its operations. The Issuer cannot predict whether or when future legislative or 
regulatory actions may be taken, or how existing laws and regulations may be interpreted, or what impact, 
if any, actions taken to date or in the future could have on its business, financial condition, results of 
operations, capital, liquidity and/or prospects and the available or required regulatory capital which the 
Issuer is required to maintain.  
Despite the Issuer's efforts to maintain effective compliance procedures and to comply with applicable laws 
and regulations, there is a risk that the Issuer may fail to meet applicable standards or may be unable to 
meet future standards, for example in areas where applicable regulations may be unclear, subject to multiple 
interpretation or under development or may conflict with one another or where regulators revise their 
previous guidance or courts overturn previous rulings. Regulators and other authorities have broad powers 
and discretions to bring administrative or judicial proceedings against the Issuer, which could result, 
amongst other things, in suspension or revocation of its licence, cease and desist orders, fines, civil 
penalties, criminal penalties or other disciplinary action which could materially harm the Issuer's results of 
operations and financial condition.  
2. The Issuer is subject to onerous capital and liquidity requirements. 
The Issuer is subject to laws and regulations prescribing among other things its solvency and liquidity 
position. The Issuer is subject to the risk, inherent in all regulated financial businesses, of having insufficient 
resources to meet such minimum regulatory capital and liquidity requirements. Regulatory reforms could 
result in the imposition of additional restrictions on the Issuer's activities if it were to no longer meet certain 
capital requirements. The Issuer believes that it will become subject to stricter capital and liquidity 
requirements which may also affect the scope, coverage or calculation of capital, liquidity and risk-
weighted assets, all of which could significantly reduce the Issuer's income and require the Issuer to reduce 
business levels, to reduce or cease dividend payments, or to raise additional share capital. Furthermore, 
stricter liquidity requirements could hinder the Issuer's ability to manage its liquidity in a centralised manner 
and may cause trapped pools of liquidity, resulting in inefficiencies in the management of the Issuer's 
liquidity. 
The Issuer notes that the following changes in laws and regulations form a material risk for its capital and 
liquidity financial position and results of operations and prospects: 
• 
The Basel Committee published reforms to the Basel III framework in December 2017, relating, 
among other things, to a revised standardised approach for credit risk, revisions to the internal 
ratings-based approach for credit risk, revision to the credit valuation adjustment framework, a 
revised standardised approach for operational risk and an aggregate output floor, which is intended 
to ensure that a bank's risk-weighted assets ("RWAs") as generated by its internal models are no 
lower than 72.5% of RWAs as calculated by the Basel III framework's standardised approaches, 
thereby introducing a standardised RWA floor. The standardised RWA floor was intended be 
implemented gradually over a period of nine years, but as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 
pandemic will now be implemented over a period of ten years instead. A 50% floor is intended to 
come into effect at the start of 2023 (originally 2022), followed by yearly increases by 5% until 
2028 (originally 2027) and a final increase of 2.5% in 2028 (originally 2027), resulting in the final 
floor of 72.5%. The impact of these reforms, which are sometimes informally referred to as “Basel 
IV”, is still unclear as certain as certain elements still require more clarity, and will need to be 
incorporated into European legislation, during which legislative process adjustments to the rules 
may be made and implemented. Based on an assessment and interpretation of the Basel IV 
regulation the Issuer expected the impact to be in a range of 15-25% of risk weighted assets (RWA) 
by 2028, compared to the RWAs as determined per year-end 2020. This already includes the impact 
of the 30% RWA add-on following DNB’s internal model investigation in 2019. This analysis is 
based on the assumption that the Issuer will successfully implement the required improvements in 
its model landscape. This does not take into account possible management actions, nor potential 
changes to pillar 2 requirements. This also assumes a portfolio composition in 2028 that is equal 
to the current portfolio, as well as risk weights that reflect the current economic environment.

--- Page 26 ---
22 
 
 
 
• 
On 15 October 2019 DNB published a press release announcing the intention to implement a 
minimum floor requirement on the risk weighting for the portfolio of non-NHG residential 
mortgages under the internal ratings-based model. DNB assessed that systemic risk increased due 
to the continued rise in house prices, resulting in signs of overvaluation. DNB originally intended 
to implement the minimum floor in the autumn of 2020 for a two-year period, but this has now 
been temporarily deferred to a later moment in light of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. The 
introduction and timing of such floor is subject to uncertainty. 
• 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission announced a further package of reforms to CRD, 
including measures to increase the resilience of European Union institutions and enhance financial 
stability, potentially resulting in changes to pillar 2 regulatory capital framework, a binding 
leveraged ratio of 3%, the introduction of a binding minimum net stable funding ratio of 100% and 
the implementation of the Basel Committee’s fundamental review of the trading book (FRTB) into 
law (the "EU Banking Reforms").  
On 4 December 2018, the Council endorsed the agreement between the Council Presidency and 
the European Parliament on various elements of the EU Banking Reforms. During February 2019, 
the Committee of Permanent Representatives endorsed the positions agreed with the European 
Parliament on all elements of the EU Banking Reforms. The agreed measures address three of the 
key objectives set out by the Council roadmap on completing the banking union agreed in 2016: 
(i) enhancing the framework for bank resolution, in particular the necessary level and quality of 
the subordination of liabilities (MREL) to ensure an effective and orderly "bail-in" process, (ii) 
introducing the possibility for resolution authorities to suspend a bank's payments and/or 
contractual obligations when it is under resolution (the so-called "moratorium tool"), in order to 
help stabilise the bank's situation and (iii) strengthening bank capital requirements to reduce 
incentives for excessive risk taking, by including a binding leverage ratio, a binding net stable 
funding ratio and setting risk sensitive rules for trading in securities and derivatives. However, the 
Council noted that work on remaining outstanding issues will continue both at technical and 
political levels, in view of finalising negotiations on the banking package. The agreed text was 
adopted by the European Parliament on 16 April 2019 and formally approved by the Council on 
14 May 2019. The text relating to the EU Banking Reforms has been published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union entered into force on 27 June 2019. The majority of the rules started 
applying from 18 months after that date, provided that the principal rules brought into force by the 
amended CRR started applyingfrom two years after that date. 
The EU Banking Reforms may affect the Issuer (including with regard to the liabilities it must 
maintain which are capable of bail-in) and the Notes (including with regard to their ranking in 
insolvency and their being at risk of being bailed-in). Various elements of the EU Banking Reforms 
adopted text remain subject to finalisation, implementation and entry into force at the Member 
State level. However, the EU Banking Reforms may have a material impact on the Issuer's 
operations and financial condition, including that the Issuer may be required to obtain additional 
capital. 
As part of the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process ("SREP"), supervisory authorities may perform 
an analysis of the business model, arrangements, strategies, processes and mechanisms of the Issuer on a 
consolidated as well an individual basis to form a view on its viability and sustainability. If necessary, they 
may take measures to address any problems and concerns including, among other things, requiring 
additional capital and/or liquidity buffers. Such measures may result in changes to the business plan and 
strategy, or require the Issuer to reduce risks that are inherent in certain products by requiring changes to 
the offering of these products or improvements of the governance and control arrangements around product 
development and maintenance. They may also include measures to reduce risks inherent to the Issuer's 
systems by requiring improvements of its systems. Any such measures may materially and adversely affect 
the Issuer's business and may force the Issuer to make substantial investments to meet the requirements. If 
the regulatory capital requirements, liquidity restrictions or ratios applied to the Issuer are increased in the 
future, any failure of the Issuer to maintain such increased capital and liquidity ratios could result in 
administrative actions and/or sanctions, which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects or require the Issuer to raise new capital to meet 
higher regulatory capital standards. In addition, the Issuer for some of its assets uses internal models to 
assess the risks of its assets. Such models are subject to regulatory approval, which may be withdrawn on 
the basis of regulatory developments or the developments of the portfolios in respect of which they are 
applied. Any such withdrawal or required amendments may have a significant adverse effect on the risk

--- Page 27 ---
23 
 
 
 
weighted assets of the Issuer and may cause its capital ratios to decline or require it to obtain additional 
capital, all of which may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects. 
3. The Issuer is subject to recovery and intervention regulations. 
Dutch Intervention Act 
Under the Dutch Intervention Act (Wet bijzondere maatregelen financiële ondernemingen, the "Dutch 
Intervention Act"), which entered into force on 13 June 2012, the Dutch Minister of Finance is granted 
substantial powers to deal with failing Dutch banks, insurance companies and special purpose vehicles for 
risk acceptance (each a "relevant entity") and financial enterprises (which also includes collective 
investment schemes, investment firms, custodians of pension funds), respectively. The powers of the Dutch 
Minister of Finance include taking measures intended to safeguard the stability of the financial system as a 
whole. The Dutch Minister of Finance may with immediate effect take these measures, which include an 
expropriation of assets or securities issued by or with the consent of a financial enterprise or its parent, in 
each case if it has its corporate seat in The Netherlands. The Dutch Minister of Finance may also suspend 
voting rights of board members. In taking these measures, provisions in Dutch statute and articles of 
association may be set aside. The Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht, the 
"Wft" further provides that acceleration, early termination and other contractual rights, to the extent they 
are triggered by the preparation or implementation of the measures introduced by the Dutch Intervention 
Act (collectively, "events"), cannot be exercised against relevant entities provided the Issuer continues to 
meet its primary obligations under the relevant agreement, instruments or other documents. 
Exercise of the foregoing powers could involve taking various actions in relation to the Issuer or any 
securities issued by the Issuer (including Notes) without the consent of the Noteholders in the context of 
which any termination or acceleration rights or events of default (including any Event of Default under the 
Notes) may be disregarded. There can be no assurance that the taking of any such actions or perceived 
increase in likelihood of taking such actions would not adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price 
or value of their investment in Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the 
Notes. In such circumstances, Noteholders may have a claim for compensation (which claim may be 
negatively impacted by the Dutch Intervention Act), but there can be no assurance that Noteholders would 
thereby recover compensation promptly or equal to any loss actually incurred. 
As at the date of this Offering Circular, the Issuer has not received any notice of any measure being taken 
in respect of it and there has been no indication that any event may occur. However, there can be no 
assurance that this will not change and/or that Noteholders will not be adversely affected by any event if it 
does occur. 
BRRD and SRM 
To complement the CRD, on 2 July 2014 the directive providing for the establishment of an EU-wide 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Directive 
2014/59/EU) (known as the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive or "BRRD") entered into force. The 
BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a harmonised set of tools and powers to intervene sufficiently 
early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical 
financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy 
and financial system. The BRRD has been implemented in the Wft with effect from 26 November 2015. 
The measures set forth in the BRRD are available to regulators in cases where an institution is failing or is 
likely to fail. The BRRD gives regulators powers to impose early intervention measures on an institution 
or to write down an institution's debt or to convert such debt into equity to allow an institution to continue 
as a going concern subject to appropriate restructuring. Closely coupled with the BRRD is the European 
single resolution mechanism (the "SRM") established by the regulation establishing uniform rules and a 
uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms (the "SRM 
Regulation"). The SRM applies to the Issuer as the primary recovery and resolution code and the Single 
Resolution Board acts as the primary resolution authority for the Issuer. See the information set out in 
"Supervision and Regulation" under the paragraph "Supervision". 
The powers provided to resolution authorities in the BRRD and SRM Regulation include write down and 
conversion powers to ensure relevant capital instruments (including the Tier 2 Notes (as defined below))

--- Page 28 ---
24 
 
 
 
fully absorb losses at the point of non-viability of the Issuer or its group, as well as a bail-in tool comprising 
a more general power for resolution authorities to write down the claims of unsecured creditors (including 
holders of senior debt instruments (such as Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and 
Subordinated Notes that do not qualify as Tier 2 Notes (all as defined below)) of a failing institution and/or 
to convert unsecured debt claims to equity if the conditions for resolution are met. After the implementation 
of Directive (EU) 2019/879, as amended, into Dutch law and having become effective (as applicable), 
certain eligible liabilities held by entities within the same resolution group as the Issuer or by an existing 
shareholder (subject to certain conditions being met) as referred to in Article 21(7a) SRM Regulation, 
respectively Article 59(1a) BRRD) will also become subject to write down and conversion powers at the 
point of non-viability of the issuing institution as described above. 
In addition, the BRRD and SRM Regulation provide resolution authorities with broader powers to 
implement other resolution measures with respect to distressed banks which satisfy the conditions for 
resolution, which may include (without limitation) the following resolution tools (i) the sale of the business 
tool, allowing resolution authorities to effect a sale and transfer of the shares in the bank or all or any assets, 
rights or liabilities of the bank on commercial terms, (ii) the bridge institution tool, with a bridge institution 
being an institution which is wholly or partially owned by one or more public authorities and controlled by 
the resolution authority, allowing the resolution authority to effect a transfer of the shares in the bank or all 
or any assets, rights or liabilities of the bank to a bridge institution and (iii) the asset separation tool, 
allowing the resolution authority to effect a separation of the performing assets from the impaired or under-
performing assets of the bank, and the following ancillary powers (a) the replacement or substitution of the 
bank as obligor in respect of debt instruments, (b) modifications to the terms of debt instruments (including 
altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on 
payments) and (c) discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. See further 
the risk factor entitled "B. 1. Banking legislation dealing with ailing banks give regulators resolution 
powers (including powers to write down debt).".  
The use of one or more of these tools will be included in a resolution plan to be adopted by the relevant 
authority. 
Exercise of the foregoing powers could involve taking various actions in relation to the Issuer or any 
securities issued by the Issuer (including Notes) without the consent of the Noteholders in the context of 
which any termination or acceleration rights or events of default (including Events of Default under the 
Notes) may be disregarded. In addition, Noteholders will have no further claims in respect of any amount 
so written off, converted or otherwise applied as a result thereof. There can be no assurance that the taking 
of any such actions would not adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their 
investment in Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes.  
It is possible that pursuant to the BRRD, the SRM Regulation or other resolution or recovery rules which 
may in the future be applicable to the Issuer (including, but not limited to, CRD), new powers may be 
granted by way of statute to the Dutch Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank N.V., "DNB") and/or any 
other relevant authority which could be used in such a way as to result in debt, including the Notes, 
absorbing losses. In addition, the BRRD and the SRM Regulation are subject to reforms, including as part 
of the EU Banking Reforms and may be amended in such a way as may have a negative effect on the 
Noteholder or the Issuer, its operations, its financial condition or prospects. 
The Issuer is unable to predict what effects, if any, the Dutch Intervention Act, BRRD and SRM Regulation 
may have on the financial system generally, the Issuer's counterparties, the Issuer, any of its consolidated 
subsidiaries, its operations and/or its financial position. In addition, the BRRD and SRM Regulation is 
subject to reform and changes, including as part of the EU Banking Reforms. The Dutch Intervention Act, 
BRRD, SRM and the EU Banking Reforms may increase the Issuer's cost of funding and thereby have an 
adverse impact on the Issuer's funding ability, liquidity, financial position, results of operations and 
prospect. 
4. The minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) under BRRD and SRM 
Regulation is subject to ongoing change and difficulties in obtaining MREL may restrict its activities. 
Pursuant to the BRRD and the SRM Regulation, banks such as the Issuer must meet, at all times, a minimum 
requirement for own funds (including Common Equity Tier 1, Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments) and 
eligible liabilities ("MREL"). The minimum requirement shall be calculated as the amount of own funds 
and eligible liabilities (meaning under currently applicable MREL requirements, inter alia, liabilities which

--- Page 29 ---
25 
 
 
 
are issued and fully paid up and have a maturity of at least one year (or do not give the investor a right to 
repayment within one year) and do not arise from derivatives) expressed as a percentage of the total 
liabilities and own funds of the bank. In order to ensure the effectiveness of bail-in and other resolution 
tools introduced by the BRRD and the SRM Regulation, it is required that all banks (and their group, as 
applicable) meet an individual MREL requirement, calculated as a percentage of total liabilities and own 
funds and set by the relevant resolution authorities. Each resolution authority is required to make a separate 
determination of the appropriate MREL requirement for each resolution group within its jurisdiction, 
depending on the resolvability, risk profile, systemic importance and other characteristics of each 
institution. The MREL requirement for each institution will be comprised of a number of key elements, 
including the required loss absorbing capacity of the institution and the level of recapitalisation needed to 
implement the preferred resolution strategy identified during the resolution planning process.  
The MREL Framework is subject to ongoing change, and is expected to become more stringent, including 
as a result of the EU Banking Reforms, which contemplate certain changes to align the MREL framework 
under the BRRD and the SRM Regulation with the Financial Stability Board's ("FSB") standards on total 
loss-absorbing capacity of global systemically important banks in resolution of 9 November 2015 (the 
TLAC standards). If the Issuer were to experience difficulties in raising MREL eligible liabilities, it may 
have to reduce its lending or investments in other operations which would have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer's business, financial position and results of operations.  
5. Changes to accounting standards may negatively affect the Issuer’s results, operations and financial 
position. 
The Issuer reports its results of operations and financial position in accordance with IFRS (including 
International Accounting Standards (IAS) and Interpretations) as adopted by the EU. The IFRS guidelines 
are periodically revised or expanded and it is possible that such revisions or expansion could impact the 
accounting treatment that the Issuer applies to its financial statements, which may have an adverse effect 
on the Issuer’s reported result or its regulatory capital position and may ultimately end up adversely 
affecting the Issuer’s operations and financial condition, including that the Issuer may be required to obtain 
additional capital in order to continue to comply with regulatory standards applicable to it. 
6. The Issuer's business may be negatively affected by adverse publicity, regulatory actions or litigation 
with respect to such business, other well-known companies or the financial services industry in general. 
Adverse publicity and damage to the Issuer's reputation may arise from its failure or perceived failure to 
comply with legal and regulatory requirements, financial reporting irregularities involving other large and 
well-known companies, increasing regulatory and law enforcement scrutiny of "know your customer", anti-
money laundering, prohibited transactions with countries and persons subject to sanctions, anti-bribery or 
other anti-corruption measures and anti-terrorist-financing procedures and their effectiveness. In addition, 
the above factors as well as regulatory investigations of the financial services industry and litigation that 
arises from the failure or perceived failure by the Issuer to comply with legal, regulatory and compliance 
requirements, could also result in adverse publicity and reputational harm, lead to increased regulatory 
supervision, affect the Issuer's ability to attract and retain customers, reduce access to the capital markets, 
result in cease and desist orders, suits, enforcement actions, fines, civil and criminal penalties, other 
disciplinary action or have other material adverse effects on the Issuer in ways that are not predictable. 
The above factors may have an adverse effect on the Issuer's financial condition and/or results of operations. 
7. Risk associated with Compensation Schemes and the Resolution Fund contributions. 
Compensation Schemes 
The Issuer is a participant in the Dutch Deposit Guarantee Scheme (Depositogarantiestelsel) (the "Deposit 
Guarantee Scheme") which guarantees an amount of EUR 100,000 per person per bank (regardless of the 
number of accounts held). The Issuer and other financial institutions are required to quarterly pay risk-
weighted contributions into a fund to cover future drawings under the Deposit Guarantee Scheme. The 
fund, in which the Issuer participates, is expected to grow to a target size of at least 0.8% of all deposits 
guaranteed under the Deposit Guarantee Scheme, which should be reached by 2024. This quick growth 
could have a material effect on the Issuer's financial condition. In the case of a failure of a participating 
bank, depositor compensation is paid from such fund. If the means of such fund are insufficient, the Issuer 
may be required to pay an extraordinary ex-post contribution of not more than 0.5% of their covered

--- Page 30 ---
26 
 
 
 
deposits per calendar year, with the exception that in exception circumstances and with the consent of the 
relevant competent authority, the Issuer may be required to make even higher additional contributions. The 
competent authority may defer, in whole or in part, a credit institution's payment of extraordinary ex-post 
contributions to the Deposit Guarantee Scheme if and as long the contributions would jeopardise the 
liquidity or solvency of the Issuer. The contributions so deferred would still have be paid when such 
payment no longer jeopardises the liquidity or solvency of the Issuer. The target size should be reached by 
3 July 2024. The costs associated with potential future contributions are today unknown, and will depend 
on the methodology used to calculate risk-weighting, but may be significant and may ultimately have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s result of operations and financial condition. 
Since 2015, there have been discussions within the European for the creation of a single European deposit 
insurance scheme ("EDIS") to which banks such as the Issuer would be required to contribute. The 
proposals for the established of this are not yet finalised, and it is unclear if and when the legislative process 
on the establishment of EDIS would start. The extent of costs associated with the EDIS are therefore today 
unknown but may be significant. 
Resolution Fund 
The SRM provides for a single resolution fund (the "Single Resolution Fund"). The Single Resolution 
Fund is financed by ex-ante individual contributions from banks, such as NIBC Bank. These contributions 
are calculated on the basis of each bank’s liabilities compared (excluding own funds and covered deposits), 
and adjusted for risk. The Single Resolution Fund is built up over a period of eight years to reach the target 
level of at least 1 per cent of the amount of all covered deposits of all banks authorised in all Member States 
participating in the SRM by 31 December 2023. The contributions to the Single Resolution Fund place a 
significant burden on the Issuer’s financial resources. 
Factors which are material for assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme 
A. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes  
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common features, 
distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes and those which might occur in 
relation to certain types of Notes: 
1. Risks related to Notes generally 
If the Issuer has the option to redeem any Notes, this may limit the market value of the Notes and, if any 
Notes are redeemed prior to their maturity, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
in a manner which achieves the same effective return  
The Final Terms of any issue of a Series of Notes under the Programme may specify that such Notes are 
subject to redemption at the option of the Issuer, including pursuant to the Issuer's option under Condition 
8.2 (Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons (Tax Call)), Condition 8.3 (Optional Early redemption (Issuer 
Call)), in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, Condition 8.7 (Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory purposes of 
Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
and, in respect of the Subordinated notes, Condition 8.8 (Redemption, substitution and variation for 
regulatory purposes of Subordinated Notes). See also the risk factors "A. 2. The qualification of the 
Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 capital or MREL Eligible Liabilities (as applicable) is subject to uncertainty 
and may cause the Issuer to redeem, vary or substitute such Notes following the occurrence of a Capital 
Event, respectively an MREL Disqualification Event", "A. 3. The qualification of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities is subject to uncertainty and may cause the Issuer to redeem, vary or 
substitute such Notes following the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event" and "A. 4. The 
qualification of the Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities is subject to uncertainty and may cause the Issuer to redeem, vary or substitute such 
Notes following the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event". An optional redemption feature of 
Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer may elect, or there is the 
likelihood (or perceived likelihood) that the Issuer may be able to elect, to redeem Notes, the market value 
of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This

--- Page 31 ---
27 
 
 
 
may also be true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer may elect to redeem Notes it has issued when 
its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would 
not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on 
the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors 
should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
In relation hereto, a new conditional withholding tax of 25% on interest payments became effective in the 
Netherlands as of 1 January 2021. The new withholding tax will generally apply to interest payments made 
by an entity tax resident in the Netherlands, like the Issuer, to an 'affiliated entity' tax resident in a 'low tax 
jurisdiction'. For these purposes, a jurisdiction is considered a 'low tax jurisdiction', if such jurisdiction (i) 
has a corporation tax on business profits with a general statutory rate of less than 9%, or if such jurisdiction 
is included in the European Union list of non-cooperative jurisdictions, and (ii) is included in the 'Dutch 
black list' as published by the Dutch Ministry of Finance. The Dutch black list will be updated annually on 
1 October, and is applicable to the next calendar year. As of 1 January 2021, the following 23 jurisdictions 
are black-listed by the Dutch Ministry of Finance: American Samoa, Anguilla, Bahamas, Bahrain, 
Barbados, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, Fiji, Guam, Guernsey, Isle of Man, 
Jersey, Palau, Panama, Samoa, Seychelles, Trinidad and Tobago, Turkmenistan, Turks and Caicos Islands, 
Vanuatu, the United Arab Emirates and the U.S. Virgin Islands.  
Generally, an entity is considered a related entity to the Issuer if (i) it has a Qualifying Interest in the Issuer, 
(ii) the Issuer has a Qualifying Interest in such entity, or (iii) a third party has a Qualifying Interest in both 
the Issuer and such entity. The term "Qualifying Interest" means a directly or indirectly held interest – either 
individually or jointly as part of a collaborating group (samenwerkende groep) – that confers a definite 
influence over the company's decisions and allows the holder of such interest to determine its activities 
(within the meaning of case law of the European Court of Justice on the right of establishment (vrijheid van 
vestiging)). 
Changes or uncertainty in respect of EURIBOR or other interest rate benchmarks may affect the value or 
payment of interest under the Notes 
The Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rate or other types of rates and 
indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing regulatory reform. Following the 
implementation of any such potential reforms, the manner of administration of benchmarks may change, 
with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or benchmarks could be eliminated 
entirely, or there could be other consequences, including those which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a "benchmark". 
The Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 29 June 2016 
and applies from 1 January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to benchmarks and the use of benchmarks within the EU. The Benchmarks 
Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or other benchmarks, in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the 
terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of 
reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of, the published rate or level, of the 
benchmark. In addition, the Benchmarks Regulation stipulates that each administrator of a "benchmark" 
regulated thereunder must be licensed by the competent authority of the Member State where such 
administrator is located. Although, as far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation continue to apply, such that the provider of EURIBOR (the European Money 
Markets Institute) are not currently required to be obtain authorisation/registration, there is a risk that 
administrators of certain "benchmarks" will fail to obtain a necessary licence, preventing them from 
continuing to provide such "benchmarks". Other administrators may cease to administer certain 
"benchmarks" because of the additional costs of compliance with the Benchmarks Regulation and other 
applicable regulations and reforms, and the risks associated therewith. 
Work streams have been undertaken to reform the euro interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR") using a hybrid 
methodology and to provide a fallback by reference to a euro risk-free rate (based on a euro overnight risk-
free rate as adjusted by a methodology to create a term rate). A working group on euro risk-free rates was 
established to identify and recommend risk-free rates that could serve as an alternative to current 
benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area, such as the euro 
overnight index average ("EONIA") and EURIBOR. The working group recommended on 13 September 
2018 that the euro short-term rate ("€STR") be used as the risk-free rate for the euro area and is now focused

--- Page 32 ---
28 
 
 
 
on supporting the market with transitioning. €STR has been published by the European Central Bank (the 
"ECB") from October 2019. In addition, on 21 January 2019, the euro risk free-rate working group 
published a set of guiding principles for fallback provisions in new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds). The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference 
EURIBOR in relevant contracts may increase the risk to the euro area financial system.  
 
At this time, it is not possible to predict what the effect of these developments will be or what the impact 
on the value of the Notes will be. These reforms and other pressures may cause one or more interest rate 
benchmarks to disappear entirely or to perform differently and may dissuade market participants from using 
certain benchmarks such as EURIBOR or to continue to administer or participate in such benchmarks. More 
generally, any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to EURIBOR or any other 
benchmark as a result of international, national, or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or 
investigations, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such 
changes, could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and value of, and return on, any Notes based 
on or linked to a benchmark. 
 
The potential elimination of, or the potential changes in the manner of administration of, a benchmark, or 
such benchmark not or no longer complying with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, could require 
an adjustment to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to reference an alternative benchmark, or result in 
other consequences, including those which cannot be predicted, in respect of any Notes linked to such 
benchmark. Investors should be aware that if a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable or 
any other Benchmark Event or Benchmark Transition Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes) were to occur, the rate of interest on Notes which reference any such benchmark will be determined 
for the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes as set out in Condition 4 of the 
Notes as completed by the Final Terms. Depending on the manner in which the relevant benchmark rate is 
to be determined under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, this may (i) be reliant upon the provision 
by reference banks of offered quotations for such rate which, depending on market circumstances, may not 
be available at the relevant time, (ii) be reliant on the Independent Adviser or the Issuer being able to 
determine a Successor Reference Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or Benchmark Replacement (each as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) together with any adjustment spread and other 
conforming changes as contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or (iii) result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when the relevant 
benchmark was available. The effective application of a fixed rate to what was previously a Floating Rate 
Note could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
It is possible that the Issuer may itself determine a Successor Reference Rate, Alternative Reference Rate 
or Benchmark Replacement (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) if the Issuer is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to 
determine a Successor Reference Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or Benchmark Replacement (each as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes).  
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Benchmark Replacement (as applicable and each as defined in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes) may not be the economic equivalent of the Original Reference Rate 
and the use of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Benchmark Replacement (as applicable) (including 
with the application of an Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (as applicable and 
each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes)) may result in Notes linked to or referencing the 
Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) 
than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. Furthermore, 
the composition and characteristics of the Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Benchmark Replacement (as 
applicable) may not be the same as those of the Original Reference Rate. Each of the foregoing means that 
a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (as applicable) may adversely affect the value of the 
Notes, the return on the Notes and the price at which investors can sell such Notes. If the Issuer is unable 
to appoint an Independent Adviser, the relevant Issuer, acting in good faith, may still determine (i) a 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Benchmark Replacement (as applicable) and (ii) in each case, an 
Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (as applicable and each as defined in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes) and/or any other amendments to the terms of the Notes (including, without 
limitations, any Benchmark Amendments or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (each as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes)) without consultation with an Independent Adviser. 
Where, for the purposes of determining any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Benchmark Replacement, 
Adjustment Spread, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or any other amendments to the terms of the

--- Page 33 ---
29 
 
 
 
Notes (including, without limitations, any Benchmark Amendments or Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes)) (as the case may be), the 
Issuer will act in good faith as an expert and take into account any relevant and applicable market precedents 
and customary market usage as well as any published guidance from relevant associations involved in the 
establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets, any such 
determinations involve a substantial amount of discretion by the Issuer and may lead to a conflict of interests 
of the Issuer and the Noteholders including with respect to certain determinations and judgments that the 
Issuer may make that may influence the amount receivable under the Notes. As a result, investors in the 
Notes may receive less interest than expected. In addition, the Issuer shall not be required to nominate a 
fallback interest rate and may choose not to do so in its sole discretion, and may in particular choose not to 
exercise this discretion if there is a risk that doing so exposes it to the risk as qualifying as an administrator 
under the Benchmarks Regulation.  
Uncertainty as to the continuation of a benchmark, the availability of quotes from reference banks to allow 
for the continuation of the floating rate on any Notes, the ability of any agent (including any Independent 
Adviser) or the Issuer to establish a fall-back interest rate for any Notes (including the possibility that a 
license or registration may be required for such agent (including any Independent Adviser) or the Issuer 
under the applicable legislation), the risk of the ultimate fallback resulting in a floating rate becoming a de 
facto fixed rate notes based on a historic rate because the fallback methods prove not effective and the rate 
that would be applicable if the relevant benchmark is discontinued may adversely affect the trading market 
and the value of the Notes and the determination of any successor rate could lead to economic prejudice or 
benefit (as applicable) to investors. 
The market continues to develop in relation to the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and the euro short-term rate ("€STR") as reference rates for 
Floating Rate Notes and a lack of the development of an active market (or a significant development in 
market standard that are not reflected by the terms of the Notes) may adversely affect the liquidity of the 
Notes or their market value 
Interest on Notes which reference Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, Average SOFR 
or Compounded Daily €STR are only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Observation 
Period or Interest Period (as applicable) and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It 
may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily 
SOFR, Average SOFR or Compounded Daily €STR to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will 
be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without 
changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. 
The manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates, SOFR reference rates or €STR reference 
rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully 
consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA reference rates, SOFR reference rates or €STR 
reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they 
may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing Compounded 
Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, Average SOFR or Compounded Daily €STR. Investors should 
consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such Notes. 
Since SONIA, SOFR and €STR are relatively new market indices, Notes which reference Compounded 
Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, Average SOFR or Compounded Daily €STR may have no 
established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not 
be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities indexed to SONIA, SOFR or €STR such as the spread over 
the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such Notes may 
be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. Further, SONIA, SOFR or €STR does 
not prove to be widely used in securities like Notes which reference Compounded Daily SONIA, 
Compounded Daily SOFR, Average SOFR or Compounded Daily €STR, the trading price of such Notes 
which reference Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, Average SOFR or Compounded 
Daily €STR may be lower than those of Notes linked to indices that are more widely used. Investors in such 
Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and 
may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. There can also be no guarantee 
that SONIA, SOFR and/or €STR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is 
materially adverse to the interests of investors in Notes which reference Compounded Daily SONIA,

--- Page 34 ---
30 
 
 
 
Compounded Daily SOFR, Average SOFR or Compounded Daily €STR (as applicable). If the manner in 
which SONIA, SOFR and/or €STR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the 
amount of interest payable on such Notes and the trading prices of such Notes. 
A reset of the interest rate could affect the market value of an investment in the Notes where it is lower than 
the initial rate of interest 
Fixed Rate Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Interest Rate (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) until (but excluding) the First Reset Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) . On the 
First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date ((as specified in the applicable Final Terms, if applicable) and each 
Subsequent Reset Date ((as specified in the applicable Final Terms, if any) thereafter, the interest rate will 
be reset to the sum of the applicable Reset Rate and the Reset Margin (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Rate Determination Date (each such interest 
rate, a "Subsequent Reset Rate"). The Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period could be less than the 
Initial Interest Rate or the Subsequent Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value 
of an investment in the Fixed Rate Reset Notes. 
Because the Fixed Rate Reset Notes accrue interest at a fixed rate during the initial fixed rate period, the 
amount of interest payable on the Fixed Rate Reset Notes on each fixed rate interest payment date may be 
below market interest rates  
Because interest payable on the Fixed Rate Reset Notes during the initial fixed rate period accrues at a fixed 
rate, there can be no guarantee that the interest holders will receive on one or more of the fixed rate interest 
payment dates will be equal to or greater than the market interest rates on such dates. The Issuer does not 
have any control over a number of factors that may affect market interest rates, including economic, 
financial, and political events, such as the tightening of monetary policy, that are important in determining 
the existence, magnitude, and longevity of these risks and their results. 
As a result, the interest payable on the Fixed Rate Reset Notes during the initial fixed rate period may be 
less than the market interest rate. Holders should have a view as to the fixed interest rate on the Fixed Rate 
Reset Notes and its level relative to market interest rates before investing. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate and this may 
affect the secondary market and the market price of the Notes concerned 
The Issuer may issue Fixed to Floating Rate Notes. Such Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate. Such conversion will affect the secondary market trading and the market 
price generally of the Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for the 
Noteholders. The spread on the Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating 
rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their yield to maturity on Floating Rate Notes, Fixed Rate 
Reset Notes, Fixed Rate to Floating Rate Notes and CMS-Linked Interest Notes and returns on such Notes 
are therefore uncertain and may be lower than expected 
A key difference between on Floating Rate Notes, Fixed Rate Reset Notes, Fixed Rate to Floating Rate 
Notes and CMS-Linked Interest Notes on the one hand, and Fixed Rate Notes, on the other hand, is that 
interest income on on Floating Rate Notes, Fixed Rate Reset Notes, Fixed Rate to Floating Rate Notes and 
CMS-Linked Interest Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to 
determine a definite yield of on Floating Rate Notes, Fixed Rate Reset Notes, Fixed Rate to Floating Rate 
Notes and CMS-Linked Interest Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment 
cannot be compared with that of investments having fixed interest periods. If the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk if 
market interest rates decline, because investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the 
relevant lower interest rates than prevailing. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount are more volatile and particularly susceptible to changes in interest 
rates 
The market value of securities issued at a substantial discount to their nominal amount tend to fluctuate 
more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing

--- Page 35 ---
31 
 
 
 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile than conventional floating rate debt securities based on the 
same reference rate 
Notes that are specified as having an inverse floating rate have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus 
a rate based upon a reference rate such as the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate (EURIBOR). The market 
values of such Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other conventional floating rate debt 
securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate 
Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the 
Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects the 
market value of these Notes. 
2. Risks related to Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes constitute subordinated liabilities of the Issuer which rank junior to most of the 
Issuer's liabilities in bankruptcy and in bail-in and Subordinated Noteholders have no rights of set-off or 
netting. 
Subordinated Notes not intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes 
The Subordinated Notes not intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes and the relative Coupons constitute 
subordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and with all other present and future subordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer (other 
than those subordinated obligations expressed by or under their own terms to rank subordinated and junior 
to the Subordinated Notes not intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes, including the Issuer’s Subordinated Notes 
intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes), save for those preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of 
law (including the Implementing Act). 
Save as provided by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law (including the Implementing Act), all 
claims in respect of, or arising under, the Subordinated Notes not intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes and 
the relative Coupons against the Issuer are in the Winding-Up of the Issuer subordinated to (a) the claims 
of depositors (other than in respect of those whose deposits are expressed by or under their own terms to 
rank equally to or lower than the Subordinated Notes), (b) unsubordinated claims with respect to the 
repayment of borrowed money (including those unsubordinated and unsecured obligations having a lower 
ranking in reliance on article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other act or 
provision implementing article 108 paragraph 2 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 
2017/2399, in The Netherlands)), (c) the claims of creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer 
pursuant to Article 72a(2) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 and (d) other unsubordinated claims 
(collectively, "Non Tier-2 Senior Claims"). 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to a Subordinated Noteholder will, in the event of the Winding-
Up of the Issuer, only be made after all obligations of the Issuer resulting from Non Tier-2 Senior Claims 
have been satisfied. If resolution proceedings are commenced in respect of the Issuer in accordance with 
the Applicable Resolution Framework, the aforementioned ranking in the event of bankruptcy will in 
principle be followed, in reverse order (with the most junior instruments or liabilities first affected), subject 
to certain exceptions. 
Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the proceeds of the issue of the Subordinated Notes be treated for 
regulatory purposes as Tier 2 capital as referred to in Article 71 of Regulation (EU) No 575/201, as amended, 
or any Future Capital Requirements Regulations ("Tier 2 Capital").  
The Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes and the relative Coupons constitute 
subordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and with all other present and future Tier 2 own funds instruments (and senior to Tier 1 capital 
items as referred to in Article 25 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as amended). 
Save as provided by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law, all claims in respect of, or arising 
under, the Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes and the relative Coupons against the

--- Page 36 ---
32 
 
 
 
Issuer are in the Winding-Up of the Issuer subordinated to (a) the claims of depositors, (b) unsubordinated 
claims with respect to the repayment of borrowed money (including those unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations having a lower ranking in reliance on article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act 
(Faillissementswet) (or any other act or provision implementing article 108 paragraph 2 of Directive 
2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in The Netherlands)), (c) other unsubordinated 
claims and those claims preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provision, (d) MREL Eligible Liabilities, 
(e) the claims of creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) of 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, (g) Subordinated Notes not intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes and (g) any 
other claims that do not result from an own funds item as referred to in point (118) of Article 4(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as amended (collectively, "Tier 2 Senior Claims"). 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to a Subordinated Noteholder will, in the event of the Winding-
Up of the Issuer, only be made after all obligations of the Issuer resulting from Tier 2 Senior Claims have 
been satisfied. Any such Tier 2 Senior Claims would include any additional tier 1 and tier 2 capital 
instruments of the Issuer which have ceased to qualify as such (the "Disqualified Capital Instruments") 
under CRD or any Future Capital Requirements Regulations. Consequently the risk of repayment on any 
Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes would be increased where any other capital 
instruments of the Issuer become Disqualified Capital Instruments. If resolution proceedings are 
commenced in respect of the Issuer in accordance with the Applicable Resolution Framework, the 
aforementioned ranking in the event of bankruptcy will in principle be followed, in reverse order (with the 
most junior instruments or liabilities first affected), subject to certain exceptions. 
From (and including) the date on which the act or law implementing article 48(7) of Directive 2014/59/EU, 
as amended (including by way of Directive (EU) 2019/879) into Dutch law becomes effective in the 
Netherlands (the "Implementing Act"), Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes and the 
relative Coupons are intended to qualify as, and comprise part of, tier 2 capital own funds items having a 
lower priority ranking than any claim that does not result from a tier 2 capital own funds item within the 
meaning of, or as contemplated in, the Implementing Act (and ranking senior to any Tier 1 capital items as 
referred to in Article 25 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as amended). 
Should any outstanding Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes be fully excluded from the 
Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer (a "Disqualification Event" and the Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as 
Tier 2 Notes affected by the Disqualification Event, the "Disqualified Tier 2 Notes"), such Disqualified 
Tier 2 Notes shall rank in accordance with the status and ranking provisions set out above in respect of 
Subordinated Notes not intended to qualify as Tier 2 Note or otherwise in accordance with the 
Implementing Act, without the need for any action from the Issuer and without consultation of the holders 
of such Subordinated Notes or the holders of any other Notes outstanding at such time. 
No right of set-off or netting rights 
Furthermore, Subordinated Noteholders will have no set-off or netting rights in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes and they will not be able to set-off or net any claims under such Notes against obligations owed by 
them to the Issuer, even when the Issuer is not able to perform which could result in losses compared to the 
situation where they had been able to set off their obligations against amounts due on such Notes. 
To the extent that any Subordinated Noteholder nevertheless claims a right of setoff or netting in respect of 
any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of whether the set-off or 
netting is effective under any applicable law, such Subordinated Noteholder is required to immediately 
transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount which purportedly has been set off or netted (such a 
transfer, a "Set-off Repayment") and no rights can be derived from the relevant Subordinated Notes until 
the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off Repayment. Irrespective of any other setoff or netting 
agreement providing otherwise, the (im)possibility of any set-off or netting by a Subordinated Noteholder 
shall be exclusively governed by Dutch law. 
Risks involved in subordination 
Accordingly, prospective investors in Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme should note that, in 
the event of the Issuer's liquidation, resolution or bankruptcy (faillissement), the Issuer would generally 
expect investors in Subordinated Notes to lose their entire investment before losses are imposed on holders 
of any preferred and senior obligations of the Issuer (including the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. Additional risks apply to Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes, which

--- Page 37 ---
33 
 
 
 
also rank behind Subordinated Notes not intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes and Subordinated Notes which 
no longer qualify as Tier 2 capital as described under the paragraph "Subordinated Notes intended to qualify 
as Tier 2 Notes” above.  
There are no restriction to issue pari passu or senior liabilities  
The Conditions of the Notes do not limit or restrict the amount of securities which the Issuer may issue and 
which rank senior or pari passu in priority of payments with the Subordinated Notes or other liabilities 
incurred or assumed by the Issuer from time to time. The issue of any such securities may reduce the amount 
recoverable by Subordinated Noteholders on a winding-up of the Issuer. Accordingly, in the winding-up of 
the Issuer and after payment of the claims of senior creditors and of depositors, there may not be a sufficient 
amount to satisfy the amounts owing to the Subordinated Noteholders. 
Holders of Subordinated Notes have limited acceleration rights meaning they potentially cannot take 
desired actions following adverse developments 
The rights of Subordinated Noteholders are limited in certain respects. In particular, (i) redemption of 
Subordinated Notes pursuant to Conditions 8.3, 8.4 and 8.9 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes may 
only be effected after the Issuer has obtained the written permission of the Competent Authority and/or 
Relevant Resolution Authority (as applicable), (ii) the Issuer must obtain the prior permission of the 
Competent Authority /or Relevant Resolution Authority (as applicable) before effecting any repayment of 
Subordinated Notes and (iii) the Issuer may be required to obtain the prior written consent of the Competent 
Authority and/or Relevant Resolution Authority (as applicable) before effecting any repayment of 
Subordinated Notes in the event of a Winding-Up of the Issuer. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not provide for events of default allowing acceleration of the 
Subordinated Notes if certain events occur. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any interest payment or 
other obligation under the Subordinated Notes, such failure will not give the holders of Subordinated Notes 
any right to accelerate repayment of the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes. In accordance with 
Condition 5 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in the case of the Winding-Up 
of the Issuer (other than done in connection with a merger, consolidation or other form of combination with 
another company and such company assumes all obligations contracted by the Issuer in connection with 
the Subordinated Notes), the Holder of any Subordinated Note shall have a claim which ranks as provided 
in Condition 2.3 (Status of Subordinated Notes) for an amount equal to the principal amount of such 
Subordinated Notes together with any accrued and unpaid interest to the date of payment. However, Holders 
may not themselves petition for the bankruptcy of the Issuer or for its dissolution. 
Save as provided above, the sole remedy available to Holders to enforce any term or condition binding on 
the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes or the Coupons shall be to institute proceedings against the Issuer 
to demand specific performance (nakoming eisen) of any such obligation of the Issuer under or arising from 
the Subordinated Notes or the Coupons, including, without limitation, payment of any principal or premium 
or satisfaction of any interest payments in respect of the Subordinated Notes or the Coupons, in each case 
when not satisfied for a period of 14 or more days after the date on which such payment is due, but in no 
event shall the Issuer, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or 
sums, in cash or otherwise, sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
The qualification of the Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 capital or MREL Eligible Liabilities (as applicable) 
is subject to uncertainty and may cause the Issuer to redeem, vary or substitute such Notes following the 
occurrence of a Capital Event, respectively an MREL Disqualification Event 
If "Regulatory Call" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may upon the occurrence of a 
Capital Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to 
qualify as Tier 2 Notes) and/or an MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities) redeem the 
Subordinated Notes, in whole but not in part, at any time, if the Issuer has notified the relevant Subordinated 
Noteholders on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice, or such other period of 
notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 14.  
Redemption of the Subordinated Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as 
Tier 2 Notes prior to the Capital Event is subject to (i) the prior permission of the Competent Authority  
pursuant to Article 77(1) CRR and (ii) the Issuer demonstrating to the satisfaction of the Competent

--- Page 38 ---
34 
 
 
 
Authority that it meets the conditions in Article 78 CRR, which may include requiring the replacement of 
the Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable 
for the income capacity of the Issuer.  
Redemption of the Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities prior to the MREL 
Disqualification Event is subject to (i) the prior permission of the Relevant Resolution Authority pursuant 
to Article 77(2) CRR and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, 
such redemption as may be required by the Relevant Resolution Authority, Competent Authority or the 
Applicable MREL Regulations at such time. 
An MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of Subordinated Notes if as 
a result of any amendment to, or change in, any Applicable MREL Regulations or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of any Applicable MREL Regulations, in any such case becoming 
effective on or after the Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of such Subordinated Notes, such 
Subordinated Notes are or (in the opinion of the Issuer or the Relevant Resolution Authority and/or 
Competent Authority) are likely to become fully or partially excluded from the Issuer's MREL Eligible 
Liabilities determined in accordance with, and pursuant to, the Applicable MREL Regulations; provided 
that an MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where the exclusion of the Subordinated Notes from 
the from the Issuer's MREL Eligible Liabilities is due to (i) the remaining maturity of the Notes being less 
than any period prescribed by the Applicable MREL Regulations effective with respect to the Issuer or (ii) 
any applicable limits on the amount of MREL Eligible Liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the MREL 
Requirement. 
A Capital Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of Subordinated Notes if there is a change in 
the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes that has resulted or would be likely to result in the 
Subordinated Notes being excluded, in whole or in part, from the Tier 2 capital (within the meaning of the 
CRR) of the Issuer or reclassified as own funds of lower quality of the Issuer, which change in regulatory 
classification (or reclassification) (i) becomes effective on or after the Issue Date and, if redeemed within 
five years after the Issue Date, (ii) is considered by the Competent Authority to be sufficiently certain and 
(iii) was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance as demonstrated by the Issuer to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority as required by Article 78(4) CRR. 
See also the risk factor "A. 1. If the Issuer has the option to redeem any Notes, this may limit the market 
value of the Notes and, if any Notes are redeemed prior to their maturity, an investor may not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves the same effective return" above for the risks 
associated with such optional redemption features. 
If "Substitution or Variation" is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if a Capital Event (in the case 
of Subordinated Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes) and/or 
an MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities) has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, 
subject to the prior permission of the Competent Authority and/or Relevant Resolution Authority (as 
applicable) pursuant to Article 77 CRR (but without any requirement for the permission of the Subordinated 
Noteholders) and on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) to the Subordinated Noteholders, either substitute all, but not some only, of the 
Subordinated Notes or vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become Tier 2 Compliant Notes (in the case of Subordinated Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes) or MREL Eligible Liabilities (in the case of Subordinated Notes 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities).  
The terms and conditions of such varied or substituted Subordinated Notes may have terms and conditions 
that contain one or more provisions that are substantially different from the terms and conditions of the 
original Subordinated Notes. However, the Issuer cannot make changes to the terms of the Subordinated 
Notes or substitute the Subordinated Notes for securities that are materially less favourable to the 
Subordinated Noteholders and following such variation or substitution the resulting securities must have, 
inter alia, at least the same ranking, at least the same interest rate, the same maturity date, redemption 
rights, existing rights to accrued interest which has not been paid and assigned the same ratings as the 
Subordinated Notes. Nonetheless, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will 
negatively affect any particular Subordinated Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences 
of holding such varied or substituted Notes could be different for some categories of Subordinated 
Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences of their holding the Subordinated Notes prior to

--- Page 39 ---
35 
 
 
 
such variation or substitution. See Condition 8.8 (Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory 
purposes of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for further details. 
The Competent Authority and/or Relevant Resolution Authority (as applicable) has discretion as to whether 
or not it will approve any substitution or variation of the Subordinated Notes. Any such substitution or 
variation which is considered by the Competent Authority and/or Relevant Resolution Authority to be 
material shall be treated by it as the issuance of a new instrument. Therefore, the Subordinated Notes, as so 
substituted or varied, must be eligible as Tier 2 capital in accordance with the then prevailing regulatory 
capital rules applicable to the Issuer, which may include a requirement that (save in certain prescribed 
circumstances) the Subordinated Notes may not be redeemed or repurchased prior to five years after the 
effective date of such substitution or variation. 
3. Risks related to Senior Non-Preferred Notes  
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are a new class of securities, rank junior to most of the Issuer's liabilities 
(other than subordinated liabilities) in bankruptcy and in bail-in and Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders 
have no rights of set-off or netting 
On 25 October 2017, the European Commission announced that it had reached political agreement with the 
Parliament and the Council to fast-track selected parts of the EU Banking Reforms, including a proposed 
Directive amending Article 108 of BRRD designed to create a new category of unsecured debt for banks 
and other credit institutions. On 27 December 2017, the Directive (EU) 2017/2399 on the ranking of 
unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy (Bank Creditor Hierarchy) which proposes to amend 
the BRRD was published (the "Article 108 Amending Directive"). Whilst the European Commission 
considers this new category as "still being part of the senior unsecured debt category (only as an un-
preferred tier senior debt)", in an insolvency of the Issuer it nevertheless ranks junior to ordinary unsecured 
creditors and other senior unsecured and preferred debts ("Senior Non-Preferred Debt"). A bill 
implementing Article 108 Amending Directive in The Netherlands came into force in December 2018. 
As further set out in Condition 2.2 (Status and ranking of Senior Non-Preferred Notes), the Issuer intends 
that claims in respect of its Senior Preferred Notes will constitute part of the class of ‘ordinary unsecured 
claims’ referred to in the Article 108 Amending Directive, whilst its Senior Non-Preferred Notes will 
constitute part of the new, lower-ranking (un-preferred) ‘senior’ unsecured class (but will rank ahead of the 
Subordinated Notes). 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes that the Issuer may issue under the Programme, and the relative Coupons 
will, to the extent described in Condition 2.2 (Status and ranking of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and, 
save as provided by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law, rank (i) pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves and with all other present and future obligations of the Issuer qualifying as 
Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, (ii) in the event of the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer 
only, junior to any present and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which do not 
qualify as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations including the claims of creditors arising from 
excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as amended, and 
(iii) senior to any Junior Obligations.  
Whilst Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes both share the 'senior' designation under the 
Programme, in an insolvency of the Issuer the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank junior to the Senior 
Preferred Notes (which, in turn, rank junior to obligations of the Issuer which are by law given priority over 
the Senior Preferred Notes) and other unsecured and unsubordinated liabilities. By virtue of such ranking, 
payments to Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders will, in the event of the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the 
Issuer, only be made after all claims in respect of unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
which do not qualify as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations have been satisfied. Accordingly, 
prospective investors in Notes issued under the Programme should note that, in the event of the Issuer's 
bankruptcy (faillissement), the Issuer would generally expect investors in Senior Non-Preferred Notes to 
lose their entire investment before losses are imposed on holders of the Senior Preferred Notes. If resolution 
proceedings are commenced in respect of the Issuer in accordance with the Applicable Resolution 
Framework, the aforementioned ranking in the event of bankruptcy will in principle be followed, in reverse 
order (with the most junior instruments or liabilities first affected), subject to certain exceptions. 
Furthermore, Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders will have no set-off or netting rights in respect of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and they will not be able to set-off or net any claims under such Notes against

--- Page 40 ---
36 
 
 
 
obligations owed by them to the Issuer, even when the Issuer is not able to perform which could result in 
losses compared to the situation where they had been able to set off their obligations against amounts due 
on such Notes. To the extent that any Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder nevertheless claims a right of setoff 
or netting in respect of any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of 
whether the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder 
is required to immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount which purportedly has been 
set off or netted (such a transfer, a "Set-off Repayment") and no rights can be derived from the relevant 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off Repayment. Irrespective 
of any other setoff or netting agreement providing otherwise, the (im)possibility of any set-off or netting 
by a Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder shall be exclusively governed by Dutch law. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any other Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer 
are designed to contribute towards the Issuer's MREL Eligible Liabilities for the purposes of its MREL 
requirement. See also the paragraph "BRRD and SRM" in the risk factor "D. 3. The Issuer is subject to 
recovery and intervention regulations." under "Factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme" above. Any resolution action taken in respect of the 
Issuer would generally be expected to respect the relative ranking of its obligations as described above, 
with losses imposed on lower-ranking obligations before losses are imposed on higher-ranking obligations. 
Accordingly, if the MREL calibration is accurate, it may be the case that, in a resolution, investors in the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes may lose all or substantially all of their investment whilst investors in the 
Senior Preferred Notes suffer lower (or no) losses (although there can be no assurance that investors in the 
Senior Preferred Notes will not also suffer substantial losses). The market value of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes may therefore be more severely adversely affected and/or more volatile if the Issuer's financial 
condition deteriorates than the market value of the Senior Preferred Notes. Accordingly, although Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than Senior Preferred Notes, holders of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes may bear significantly more risk than holders of the Senior Preferred Notes 
(notwithstanding that both share the ‘senior’ designation under the Programme). Investors should ensure 
they understand the relative ranking of Notes issued under the Programme – including as between the Senior 
Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes – and the risks consequent 
thereon, before investing in any Notes.  
No restriction to issue pari passu or senior liabilities 
The Conditions of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes do not limit or restrict the amount of securities which 
the Issuer may issue and which rank senior or pari passu in priority of payments with the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or other liabilities incurred or assumed by the Issuer from time to time. The issue of any 
such securities may reduce the amount recoverable by Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders on a winding-up 
of the Issuer. Accordingly, in the winding-up of the Issuer and after payment of the claims of senior 
creditors and of depositors, there may not be a sufficient amount to satisfy the amounts owing to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Noteholders. 
Holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes have limited rights to accelerate meaning they potentially cannot 
take desired actions following adverse developments 
The rights of Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders are limited in certain respects. In particular, (i) redemption 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes pursuant to Condition 8.2 (Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons (Tax 
Call)), Condition 8.3 (Optional Early redemption (Issuer Call)) and Condition 8.7 (Redemption, 
substitution and variation for regulatory purposes of Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) may only be effected after the Issuer has obtained the 
written consent of the Relevant Resolution Authority (if so required at the relevant time), and (ii) the Issuer 
may be required to obtain the prior written consent of the Relevant Resolution Authority before effecting 
any repayment of Senior Non-Preferred Notes in the event of a Winding-Up of the Issuer. See Conditions 
8.9 (Early Redemption Amounts) and 5 (Events of Default) for further details. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not provide for events of default allowing acceleration of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes if certain events occur. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any interest 
payment or other obligation under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, such failure will not give the holders of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes any right to accelerate repayment of the principal amount of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. In accordance with Condition 5 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, in the case of the Winding-Up of the Issuer (other than done in connection with a merger, 
consolidation or other form of combination with another company and such company assumes all

--- Page 41 ---
37 
 
 
 
obligations contracted by the Issuer in connection with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or in the event of 
the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer only (as applicable), the Holder of any Senior Non-Preferred 
Note shall have a claim which ranks as provided in Condition 2.2 (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
for an amount equal to the principal amount of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes together with any accrued 
and unpaid interest to the date of payment. However, Holders may not themselves petition for the 
bankruptcy of the Issuer or for its dissolution. 
Save as provided above, the sole remedy available to Holders to enforce any term or condition binding on 
the Issuer under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Coupons shall be to institute proceedings against 
the Issuer to demand specific performance (nakoming eisen) of any such obligation of the Issuer under or 
arising from the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Coupons, including, without limitation, payment of any 
principal or premium or satisfaction of any interest payments in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or the Coupons, in each case when not satisfied for a period of 14 or more days after the date on which such 
payment is due, but in no event shall the Issuer, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be 
obliged to pay any sum or sums, in cash or otherwise, sooner than the same would otherwise have been 
payable by it. 
The qualification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities is subject to uncertainty 
and may cause the Issuer to redeem, vary or substitute such Notes following the occurrence of an MREL 
Disqualification Event 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are intended to be MREL Eligible Liabilities available to meet any MREL 
requirement of the Issuer. However, there is uncertainty regarding the final substance of the MREL 
regulations, and how those regulations, once enacted, are to be interpreted and applied and the Issuer cannot 
provide any assurance that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be (or thereafter remain) MREL Eligible 
Liabilities for MREL purposes.  
In particular, if "MREL Disqualification Event Call" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
may upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event (see below) redeem the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, in whole but not in part, at any time, if the Issuer has notified the relevant Senior Non-Preferred 
Noteholders on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice, or such other period of 
notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 14. Additionally, 
redemption of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject to (i) the prior permission of the Relevant 
Resolution Authority pursuant to Article 77(2) CRR and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, 
or requirements applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL Regulations at such time. 
An MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes if as a result of any amendment to, or change in, any Applicable MREL Regulations or any change 
in the application or official interpretation of any Applicable MREL Regulations, in any such case 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of such Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, such Senior Non-Preferred Notes are or (in the opinion of the Issuer or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority and/or Competent Authority) are likely to become fully or partially excluded from the Issuer's 
MREL Eligible Liabilities determined in accordance with, and pursuant to, the Applicable MREL 
Regulations; provided that an MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where the exclusion of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes from the Issuer's MREL Eligible Liabilities is due to (i) the remaining maturity 
of the Notes being less than any period prescribed by the Applicable MREL Regulations effective with 
respect to the Issuer or (ii) any applicable limits on the amount of MREL Eligible Liabilities permitted or 
allowed to meet the MREL Requirement. 
See also the risk factor "A. 1. If the Issuer has the option to redeem any Notes, this may limit the market 
value of the Notes and, if any Notes are redeemed prior to their maturity, an investor may not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves the same effective return" above for the risks 
associated with such optional redemption features. 
If "Substitution or Variation" is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if an MREL Disqualification 
Event has occurred, then the Issuer may, subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Resolution 
Authority pursuant to Article 77(2) CRR (but without any requirement for the permission of the 
Noteholders) and on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) to the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders, either substitute all, but not some only, of

--- Page 42 ---
38 
 
 
 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or vary the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes so that they remain or 
become, MREL Compliant Notes. 
The terms and conditions of such varied or substituted Senior Non-Preferred Notes may have terms and 
conditions that contain one or more provisions that are substantially different from the terms and conditions 
of the original Senior Non-Preferred Notes. However, the Issuer cannot make changes to the terms of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or substitute the Senior Non-Preferred Notes for securities that are materially 
less favourable to the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders and following such variation or substitution the 
resulting securities must have, inter alia, at least the same ranking, at least the same interest rate, the same 
maturity date, redemption rights, existing rights to accrued interest which has not been paid and assigned 
the same ratings as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. Nonetheless, no assurance can be given as to whether 
any of these changes will negatively affect any particular Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder. In addition, 
the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such varied or substituted Notes could be different for 
some categories of Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences of their 
holding the Senior Non-Preferred Notes prior to such variation or substitution. Condition 8.7 (Redemption, 
substitution and variation for regulatory purposes of Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for further 
details. 
The Relevant Resolution Authority may have discretion as to whether or not it will approve any substitution 
or variation of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. Any such substitution or variation which is considered by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority to be material shall be treated by it as the issuance of a new instrument. 
Therefore, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as so substituted or varied, may need to be made eligible as 
MREL in accordance with the then Applicable MREL Regulations. 
4. Risks related to Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities 
Holders of Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities have limited rights to 
accelerate meaning they potentially cannot take desired actions following adverse developments and have 
no rights of set-off or netting which may result in losses compared to the situation where such right had 
existed 
The rights of Senior Preferred Noteholders in respect of Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities are limited in certain respects. In particular, (i) redemption of Senior Preferred 
Notes pursuant to Condition 8.2 (Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons (Tax Call)), Condition 8.3 
(Optional Early redemption (Issuer Call)) and Condition 8.7 (Redemption, substitution and variation for 
regulatory purposes of Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) may only be effected after the Issuer has obtained the written consent of the Relevant 
Resolution Authority (if so required at the relevant time), and (ii) the Issuer may be required to obtain the 
prior written consent of the Relevant Resolution Authority before effecting any repayment of Senior 
Preferred Notes in the event of a Winding-Up of the Issuer. See Conditions 8.9 (Early Redemption Amounts) 
and 5 (Events of Default) for further details. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not provide for events of default allowing acceleration of the 
Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities if certain events occur. 
Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any interest payment or other obligation under such Senior Preferred 
Notes, such failure will not give the holders of Senior Preferred Notes any right to accelerate repayment of 
the principal amount of such Senior Preferred Notes. In accordance with Condition 5 (Events of Default) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in the case of the Winding-Up of the Issuer (other than done in 
connection with a merger, consolidation or other form of combination with another company and such 
company assumes all obligations contracted by the Issuer in connection with the Senior Preferred Notes 
intended as MREL Eligible Liabilities) or in the event of the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer only 
(as applicable), the Holder of any Senior Preferred Note intended as MREL Eligible Liability shall have a 
claim which ranks as provided in Condition 2.1 (Status of Senior Preferred Notes) for an amount equal to 
the principal amount of such Senior Preferred Notes together with any accrued and unpaid interest to the 
date of payment. However, Holders may not themselves petition for the bankruptcy of the Issuer or for its 
dissolution. 
Save as provided above, the sole remedy available to Holders to enforce any term or condition binding on 
the Issuer under the Senior Preferred Notes intended as MREL Eligible Liabilities or the associated 
Coupons shall be to institute proceedings against the Issuer to demand specific performance (nakoming

--- Page 43 ---
39 
 
 
 
eisen) of any such obligation of the Issuer under or arising from the Senior Preferred Notes intended as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities or the associated Coupons, including, without limitation, payment of any 
principal or premium or satisfaction of any interest payments in respect of such Senior Preferred Notes or 
Coupons, in each case when not satisfied for a period of 14 or more days after the date on which such 
payment is due, but in no event shall the Issuer, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be 
obliged to pay any sum or sums, in cash or otherwise, sooner than the same would otherwise have been 
payable by it. 
Furthermore, Noteholders holding Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities 
will have no set-off or netting rights in respect of such Senior Preferred Notes and they will not be able to 
set-off or net any claims under such Notes against obligations owed by them to the Issuer, even when the 
Issuer is not able to perform which could result in losses compared to the situation where they had been 
able to set off their obligations against amounts due on such Notes. To the extent that any holder of such 
Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible nevertheless claims a right of setoff or netting 
in respect of any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of whether the 
set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such holder is required to immediately transfer to 
the Issuer an amount equal to the amount which purportedly has been set off or netted (such a transfer, a 
"Set-off Repayment") and no rights can be derived from the relevant Senior Preferred Notes intended to 
qualify as MREL Eligible until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off Repayment. Irrespective 
of any other setoff or netting agreement providing otherwise, the (im)possibility of any set-off or netting 
by a holder of any Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities shall be 
exclusively governed by Dutch law. 
The qualification of the Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities is subject to uncertainty and may cause the Issuer to redeem, vary or substitute such 
Notes following the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event 
Senior Preferred Notes may be specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to be MREL Eligible 
Liabilities. However, there is uncertainty regarding the final substance of the MREL regulations, and how 
those regulations, once enacted, are to be interpreted and applied and the Issuer cannot provide any 
assurance that the Senior Preferred Notes will be (or thereafter remain) MREL Eligible Liabilities for 
MREL purposes.  
In particular, if "MREL Disqualification Event Call" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
may upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event (see below) redeem the Senior Preferred 
Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, in whole but not in part, at any time, if the Issuer 
has notified the relevant Senior Preferred Noteholders on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
irrevocable notice, or such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices). Additionally, redemption of the Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities is subject to (i) the prior permission of the Relevant Resolution Authority 
pursuant to Article 77(2) CRR and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements 
applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the Relevant Resolution Authority, Competent 
Authority or the Applicable MREL Regulations at such time. 
An MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of Senior Preferred Note 
intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities if as a result of any amendment to, or change in, any 
Applicable MREL Regulations or any change in the application or official interpretation of any Applicable 
MREL Regulations, in any such case becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the most recent 
Tranche of such Senior Preferred Notes, such Senior Preferred Notes are or (in the opinion of the Issuer or 
the Relevant Resolution Authority and/or Competent Authority) are likely to become fully or partially 
excluded from the Issuer's MREL Eligible Liabilities determined in accordance with, and pursuant to, the 
Applicable MREL Regulations; provided that an MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where the 
exclusion of the Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities from the Issuer's 
MREL Eligible Liabilities is due to (i) the remaining maturity of the Notes being less than any period 
prescribed by the Applicable MREL Regulations effective with respect to the Issuer or (ii) any applicable 
limits on the amount of MREL Eligible Liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the MREL Requirement. 
See also the risk factor "A. 1. If the Issuer has the option to redeem any Notes, this may limit the market 
value of the Notes and, if any Notes are redeemed prior to their maturity, an investor may not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves the same effective return" above for the risks 
associated with such optional redemption features.

--- Page 44 ---
40 
 
 
 
If "Substitution or Variation" is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if an MREL Disqualification 
Event has occurred, then the Issuer may, subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Resolution 
Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR (but without any requirement for the permission of the Noteholders) 
and on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) to the Senior Preferred Noteholders, either substitute all, but not some only, of the Senior 
Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities or vary the terms of such Senior Preferred 
Notes so that they remain or become, MREL Compliant Notes. 
The terms and conditions of such varied or substituted Senior Preferred Notes may have terms and 
conditions that contain one or more provisions that are substantially different from the terms and conditions 
of the Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities. However, the Issuer cannot 
make changes to the terms of the Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities 
or substitute such Senior Preferred Notes for securities that are materially less favourable to the Senior 
Preferred Noteholders and following such variation or substitution the resulting securities must have, inter 
alia, at least the same ranking, at least the same interest rate, the same maturity date, redemption rights, 
existing rights to accrued interest which has not been paid and assigned the same ratings as the Senior 
Preferred Notes. Nonetheless, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively 
affect any particular Senior Preferred Noteholder holding such Senior Preferred Notes. In addition, the tax 
and stamp duty consequences of holding such varied or substituted Notes could be different for some 
categories of Senior Preferred Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences of their holding the 
relevant Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities prior to such variation or 
substitution. See Condition 8.7 (Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory purposes of Senior 
Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes for further details. 
The Relevant Resolution Authority may have discretion as to whether or not it will approve any substitution 
or variation of the Senior Preferred Notes. Any such substitution or variation which is considered by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority to be material shall be treated by it as the issuance of a new instrument. 
Therefore, the Senior Preferred Notes, as so substituted or varied, may need to be made eligible as MREL 
in accordance with the then Applicable MREL Regulations. 
5. Notes issued as Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to 
green assets. Any failure to use the net proceeds of any Series of Green Bonds in connection with green 
projects, and/or any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, the investment requirements of certain 
environmentally focused investors with respect to such Green Bonds may affect the value and/or trading 
price of the Green Bonds, and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates 
to invest in green assets 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme where the use of proceeds is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be for the financing and/or refinancing of projects and activities that promote climate and 
other environmental purposes, in accordance with certain prescribed eligibility criteria as in such case shall 
be set out in item 4 of Part B ('Use of Proceeds') of the applicable Final Terms (any Notes which have such 
a specified use of proceeds are referred to as "Green Bonds"). 
The Issuer intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from any issue of Green Bonds finance 
or refinance projects, assets and activities that promote climate and other environmental purposes, in 
accordance with any green bond framework that the Issuer may publish from time to time (the "Eligible 
Green Assets") and/or which the Issuer expects will substantially adhere to the Green Bond Principles as 
published by the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) from time to time (the "Principles"). 
While the Principles do provide a high level framework, there is currently no market consensus on what 
precise attributes are required for a particular project or building to be defined as "green" or "sustainable" 
(including, without limitation, the attributes defining a "green building"), and therefore no assurance can 
be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that the use of such amounts advanced by the Issuer for 
the purposes of financing or refinancing any projects, activities or assets which the Issuer has identified as 
Eligible Green Assets will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations 
or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments 
are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-
laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, green, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related 
to, any Eligible Green Assets.

--- Page 45 ---
41 
 
 
 
No formal or consensus definition of a 'green' (or similar) security  
 
There is currently no clearly defined legal, regulatory or other definition of a “green bond” or market 
consensus as to what attributes are required for a particular asset or project to be classified as ‘green’, 
‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or any similar label, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear 
definition or consensus will develop over time. A basis for the determination of such a definition has been 
established in the European Union with the publication in the Official Journal of the European Union on 
22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 
(the "Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation") on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the "EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy"). The EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the European Commission 
through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuers, 
the Arranger or the Dealers that the eligibility criteria for Green Eligible Assets will satisfy any requisite 
criteria determined under the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation or within the EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy at any time, or that any regime implemented in the United Kingdom (if any) for issuing 
‘green’ or other equivalently-labelled securities will align with the European (or any other) framework for 
such securities.  
 
No assurance that Green Eligible Assets will be completed or meet their objectives  
 
There can be no assurance that any Green Eligible Assets will be completed within any specified period or 
at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or 
anticipated by the Issuer when making its assessment whether or not to apply any proceeds of Green Bonds 
(or amounts equal thereto) to such Green Eligible Asset. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by 
the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers to investors in Green Bonds that any projects or uses the subject of, 
or related to, any Green Eligible Assets will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such ‘green’ or 
other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse and/or other impacts will not occur 
during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Eligible Assets. 
  
No obligation on the Arranger or Dealers to verify Green Eligible Assets or monitor the use of proceeds of 
Green Bonds  
 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer is responsible for (i) any assessment of any eligibility criteria relating 
to Green Bonds and Green Eligible Assets, (ii) any verification of whether the relevant financing or 
refinancing by the Issuer or the Green Eligible Assets will satisfy the relevant eligibility criteria, (iii) the 
monitoring of the use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) in connection with the issue of any Green 
Bonds or (iv) the allocation of the proceeds by the Issuer to particular Green Eligible Assets.  
 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any second party opinion  
 
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers as to the suitability or 
reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, certification or report of any third party, (whether or 
not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds 
and/or any sustainability framework established by the Issuer, and in particular with any Green Eligible 
Assets to fulfil any environmental, green, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any such opinion or certification will not be, and shall not be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or 
form part of the Offering Circular. Any such opinion or certification is not, and should not be deemed to 
be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Green Bonds. Any such 
opinion or certification will only be current as of the date on which that opinion is initially issued. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification 
and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose 
of any investment in any Green Bonds. As at the date of the Offering Circular, the providers of such 
opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.  
 
No assurance that Green Bonds will be admitted to trading on any dedicated green, environmental or 
sustainable (or similar) segment of any stock exchange or market, or that any admission obtained will be 
maintained

--- Page 46 ---
42 
 
 
 
If any Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading or otherwise displayed on any dedicated ‘green’, 
‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers that such listing or admission or display satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria. Any or failure 
by the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds to advance loans to 
customers to finance and/or refinance any Green Eligible Assets, and/or any failure by any such customer 
to apply those funds to Green Eligible Assets, and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification or any 
opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer or any of the Issuer's customers is not complying in whole 
or in part with any green funding purposes for which such opinion or certification is being provided or 
certifying on and/or any Green Bond no longer being listed or admitted to trading or displayed on any stock 
exchange or securities market, will not (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuer (or the 
Arranger or any Dealer), (ii) constitute an Event of Default under any Green Bonds or a breach or violation 
of any term thereof, or constitute a default by the Issuer for any other purpose, (iii) lead to a right or 
obligation of the Issuer to redeem any Green Bonds or give any Noteholder the right to require redemption 
of its Notes or (iv) affect the qualification of Green Bonds which are intended to qualify as as Tier 2 Notes 
or as MREL Eligible Liabilities (as applicable).  
 
Material adverse impact on trading and/or market price  
 
If any of the risks outlined in this risk factor materialise, this may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of such Green Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance 
the Issuer’s lending for Green Eligible Assets and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors 
with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose (including, without 
limitation, if such investors are required to dispose of their Green Bonds as a result of such Notes not 
meeting any investment criteria or objectives set by or for such investor, which could lead to increased 
volatility and/or material decreases in the market price of Green Bonds). 
 
Other risks 
 
Potential investors should be aware that Green Bonds will either be Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes which may or may not be intended to qualify as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities or Tier 2 Capital and should therefore also consider the relevant risk factors in relation to such 
Notes. In particular, investors should be aware that Green Bonds may also be subject to the resolution tools 
granted to the competent authority under the BRRD in circumstances where the Issuer fails or is likely to 
fail.  
B. Risks related to all Notes  
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
1. Banking legislation dealing with ailing banks give regulators resolution powers (including powers to 
write down debt). 
The Dutch Intervention Act, BRRD or the SRM could materially and adversely affect the position of certain 
categories of the Issuer's bondholders (including holders of the Notes) and the credit rating attached to 
certain categories of debt instruments then outstanding (including the Notes), in particular if and when any 
of the below proceedings would be commenced against the Issuer. The rights and effective remedies of the 
holders of the Notes, as well as their market value, may be affected by any such proceedings. 
Pursuant to the Dutch Intervention Act, substantial powers were granted to the Dutch Minister of Finance 
enabling the Dutch Minister of Finance to deal with, inter alia, ailing Dutch banks prior to insolvency (as 
described under the risk factor "D. 3. The Issuer is subject to recovery and intervention regulations." under 
"Factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme" above). These powers (including the expropriation of liabilities of, or claims against, a bank), 
if exercised with respect to the Issuer, may impact the Notes and will, subject to certain exceptions, lead to 
counterparties of the Issuer (including Noteholders) not being entitled to invoke events of default or set off 
their claims and risking losing all or a substantial part of their investment in the Notes. 
In addition to the tools currently in the Dutch Intervention Act, BRRD and SRM (see the risk factor "D. 3. 
The Issuer is subject to recovery and intervention regulations." under "Factors that may affect the Issuer's

--- Page 47 ---
43 
 
 
 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme" above) provide the Relevant 
Resolution Authority the power to ensure that capital instruments (such as Subordinated Notes qualifying 
as Tier 2 instruments) and certain other liabilities (such as Subordinated Notes not qualifying as Tier 2 
instruments, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) absorb losses when the Issuer meets 
the conditions for resolution, through the write-down or conversion to equity of such instruments (the "Bail-
In Tool").  
These powers and tools are intended to be used prior to the point at which any insolvency proceedings with 
respect to the Issuer could have been initiated. Although the applicable legislation provides for conditions 
to the exercise of any resolution powers and EBA guidelines set out the objective elements for determining 
whether an institution is failing or likely to fail, it is uncertain how the relevant resolution authority would 
assess such conditions in any particular pre-insolvency scenario affecting the Issuer and in deciding whether 
to exercise a resolution power. The relevant resolution authority is also not required to provide any advance 
notice to the Noteholders of its decision to exercise any resolution power. Therefore, the Noteholders may 
not be able to anticipate a potential exercise of any such powers nor the potential effect of any exercise of 
such powers on the Issuer or the Noteholders' rights under the Notes. 
Any financial public support is only to be considered as a final resort as resolution authorities are required 
to first assess and exploit, to the maximum extent practicable, the use of the resolution powers mentioned 
above, including the Bail-In Tool. 
The Relevant Resolution Authority can only exercise resolution powers, such as the Bail-In Tool, when it 
has determined that the Issuer meets the conditions for resolution. The point at which the Relevant 
Resolution Authority determines that the Issuer meets the conditions for resolution is defined as: 
(a) 
the Issuer is failing or likely to fail, which means (i) the Issuer has incurred/is likely to incur in the 
near future losses depleting all or substantially all its own funds, and/or (ii)  the assets are/will be 
in the near future less than its liabilities, and/or (iii) the Issuer is/will be in the near future unable 
to pay its debts as they fall due, and/or (iv) the Issuer requires public financial support (except in 
limited circumstances); 
 
(b) 
there is no reasonable prospect that a private action or supervisory action would prevent the failure; 
and 
 
(c) 
a resolution action is necessary in the public interest. 
Once a resolution procedure is initiated, the Relevant Resolution Authority may apply the Bail-In Tool. 
When applying the Bail-In Tool, the Relevant Resolution Authority must apply the following order of 
priority:  
1. 
CET1 capital instruments; 
 
2. 
Additional Tier 1 capital instruments; 
 
3. 
Tier 2 capital instruments (such as Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2  instruments); 
 
4. 
eligible liabilities in the form of subordinated debt that is not (or no longer) Additional Tier 1 
capital or Tier 2 capital in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency 
proceedings; 
 
5. 
eligible liabilities qualifying as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations (such as the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes); 
 
6. 
the rest of eligible liabilities (such as the Senior Preferred Notes) in accordance with the hierarchy 
of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. 
Eligible liabilities in category 6 include senior unsecured debt instruments (such as the Senior Preferred 
Notes) and other liabilities that are not excluded from the scope of the Bail-in Tool pursuant to the BRRD 
or the SRM Regulation, such as non-covered deposits or financial instruments that are not secured. 
Instruments of the same ranking are generally written down or converted to equity on a pro rata basis subject 
to certain exceptional circumstances set out in the BRRD or the SRM Regulation. However, there can be

--- Page 48 ---
44 
 
 
 
no assurance that this will be the case at such time. On 11 November 2020, the European Commission 
published a consultation paper on the review of the crisis management and deposit insurance framework, 
which, amongst others, considers the introduction of legal preference in insolvency to other categories of 
deposits currently not mentioned in Article 108(1) BRRD, and which may potentially have a negative 
impact on the relative ranking of Senior Preferred Notes. 
No assurance can be given that the Issuer's MREL requirement and therefore the amount of MREL is 
sufficient to avoid the holders of Senior Preferred Notes not qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities losing 
in a resolution of the Issuer all or substantially all of their investment in such Senior Preferred Notes. 
Furthermore, the Relevant Resolution Authority could take pre-resolution actions when the Issuer or the 
group reaches the point of non-viability and write-down or convert capital instruments (including 
Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 instruments) into equity before the conditions for resolution are 
met (the "Write-Down and Conversion Power"). After the implementation of Directive (EU) 2019/879, 
as amended, into Dutch law and having become effective (as applicable), (i) certain eligible liabilities held 
by entities within the same resolution group as the Issuer or by an existing shareholder (subject to certain 
conditions being met) as referred to in Article 21(7a) SRM Regulation, respectively Article 59(1a) BRRD) 
will also become subject to write down and conversion powers at the point of non-viability as described 
above and (ii) Disqualified Capital Instruments of the Issuer will rank senior to Subordinated Notes 
intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes in the Winding-Up of the Issuer and resolution proceedings and would 
consequently increase the risk of repayment on the Subordinated Notes. Any Disqualified Capital 
Instruments of the Issuer would not be eligible for loss absorption through the Write-Down and Conversion 
Power. 
Noteholders may have only very limited rights to challenge and/or seek a suspension of any decision of the 
relevant resolution authority to exercise its (pre-)resolution powers or to have that decision reviewed by a 
judicial or administrative process or otherwise. Application of any of the measures, as described above, 
shall not constitute an event of default under the Notes and Noteholders will have no further claims in 
respect of the amount so written down or subject to conversion or otherwise as a result of the application 
of such measures, subject to any write up by the Relevant Resolution Authority. Accordingly, if the Bail-
In Tool or the Write-Down and Conversion Power is applied, this may result in claims of Noteholders being 
written down or converted into equity. Furthermore, it is possible that pursuant to BRRD, SRM or the Dutch 
Intervention Act or other resolution or recovery rules which may in the future be applicable to the Issuer, 
new powers may be given to the resolution authorities or another relevant authority which could be used in 
such a way as to result in the Notes absorbing losses or otherwise affecting the rights and effective remedies 
of Noteholders in the course of any resolution of the Issuer. 
The determination that all or part of the nominal amount of the Notes will be subject to the Bail-In Tool or 
the Write-Down and Conversion Power may be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of 
factors which may be outside of the Issuer's control. Accordingly, trading behaviour in respect of Notes 
which are subject to the Bail-In Tool or the Write-Down and Conversion Power is not necessarily expected 
to follow trading behaviour associated with other types of securities. Any indication that the Notes will 
become subject to the Bail-In Tool or the Write-Down and Conversion Power could have an adverse effect 
on the market price of the relevant Notes. Potential investors should consider the risk that a Noteholder 
may lose all of its investment in such Notes, including the principal amount plus any accrued but unpaid 
interest, in the event that the Bail-In Tool or the Write-Down and Conversion Power is applied. In addition, 
even in circumstances where a claim for compensation is established under the 'no creditor worse off' 
safeguard in accordance with a valuation performed after the resolution action has been taken, it is unlikely 
that such compensation would be equivalent to the full losses incurred by the Noteholders in the resolution 
and there can be no assurance that Noteholders would recover such compensation promptly. 
In addition to the Bail-In Tool and the Write-Down and Conversion Power, the BRRD and SRM Regulation 
provides the Relevant Resolution Authority with broader powers to implement other resolution measures 
with respect to the Issuer when it meets the conditions for resolution, which may include (without limitation) 
the sale of the Issuer's business, the separation of assets, the replacement or substitution of the Issuer as 
obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications to the terms of debt instruments (including altering 
the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments) 
and discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. Any exercise of such tools 
or perceived exercise could impact the market value of the Notes.

--- Page 49 ---
45 
 
 
 
With a view to the developments described above, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes stipulate that the 
Notes may become subject to the determination by the Relevant Resolution Authority or the Issuer 
(following instructions from the Relevant Resolution Authority) that: (a) all or part of the nominal amount 
of such Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be written down or otherwise 
be applied to absorb losses, subject to write-up by the Relevant Resolution Authority (such loss absorption, 
"Statutory Loss Absorption") or (b) all or part of the nominal amount of such Notes, including accrued 
but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be converted into claims which may give right to Common 
Equity Tier 1 instruments (such conversion, "Recapitalisation"), all as prescribed by the Applicable 
Resolution Framework. 
Upon any such determination (i) the relevant proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of the Notes 
subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall be written down or converted into claims 
which may give right to Common Equity Tier 1 instruments or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, as 
prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, (ii) such Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation shall not constitute an Event of Default and (iii) Noteholders will have no further claims 
in respect of the amount so written down or the amount subject to conversion or otherwise as a result of 
such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation, including with respect to any accrued but unpaid 
interest on such written down or converted amounts. 
Subject to any write-up by the Relevant Resolution Authority, any written-down amount as a result of 
Statutory Loss Absorption shall be irrevocably lost and holders of such Notes will cease to have any claims 
for any principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest which has been subject to write-down. 
The determination that all or part of the nominal amount of the Notes will be subject to Statutory Loss 
Absorption or Recapitalisation may be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors 
which may be outside of the Issuer's control. Accordingly, trading behaviour in respect of Notes which are 
subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation is not necessarily expected to follow trading 
behaviour associated with other types of securities. Any indication that Notes will become subject to 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation could have an adverse effect on the market price of the 
relevant Notes. Potential investors should consider the risk that a Noteholder may lose all of its investment 
in such Notes, including the principal amount plus any accrued but unpaid interest, in the event that 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation occurs. 
There remains uncertainty regarding the ultimate nature and scope of these powers and measures and how 
they would affect the Issuer and the holders of Notes. See for example the EU Banking Reforms in the risk 
factor "D. 3. The Issuer is subject to recovery and intervention regulations." under "Factors that may affect 
the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme" above. Accordingly, 
it is not yet possible to assess the full impact of the Dutch Intervention Act, the BRRD or the SRM. The 
Notes may however be part of the claims and debts in respect of which the Relevant Resolution Authority 
could use the Bail-In Tool or the Write-Down and Conversion Power (in case of Subordinated Notes 
qualifying as Tier 2 instruments) to write-down or convert the principal of the Notes into equity. There can 
be no assurances that, the taking of any actions currently contemplated would not adversely affect the price 
or value of an investment in Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under such Notes. 
The Issuer cannot predict the precise effects of the Bail-In Power and the Write-Down and Conversion 
Power and its use in relation to the Notes. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own 
advisors as to the consequences of the BRRD and the SRM Regulation. 
2. Form and holding of the Notes 
Bearer Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive bearer Notes 
In relation to any issue of bearer Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of the minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case, a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination or holds a principal 
amount which is not an exact multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may not receive definitive 
bearer Notes in respect of such holding (should definitive bearer Notes be printed) and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a minimum Specified Denomination 
or a multiple thereof.

--- Page 50 ---
46 
 
 
 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination 
which is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade. 
Notes in New Global Note form are not necessarily Eurosystem eligible collateral and a lack of eligibility 
may lead to illiquidity and/or a lower market value 
The New Global Note form has been introduced to allow for the possibility of debt instruments being issued 
and held in a manner which will permit them to be recognised as eligible collateral for monetary policy of 
the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem") and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. However, in any particular case, such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria at the relevant time. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to whether the Notes meet such Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria, as updated from time to time and generally published on the website of the European Central Bank. 
If the Notes do not satisfy the Eurosystem eligibility criteria, the Notes will not be eligible collateral of the 
Eurosystem and this may adversely affect the market value and liquidity of the Notes. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/any 
other clearing systems, investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and 
communication with the Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Where such Global 
Notes will be held by or on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing systems, 
such Global Notes will, in the case of a Classic Global Note, be deposited with (i) a common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (ii) with the relevant clearing system, and, in the case of an NGN, be deposited 
with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances 
described in the relevant Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes While the 
Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests 
only through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such other relevant clearing system applicable to the 
Notes. 
While the Notes are represented by a Global Note, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under 
Global Notes by making payments to such securities system or to the order of its common depositary or 
safekeeper (as applicable). A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures 
of the relevant clearing system to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in 
the Global Notes. Any failure by the relevant system to transfer payments under any Notes to investors 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes or result in losses. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the 
relevant clearing system to appoint appropriate proxies. There can be no assurance that procedures 
implemented for the granting of such proxies will be sufficient to enable investors to vote on any matters 
affecting their interests on a timely basis. 
3. The Conditions contain provisions which may permit modification, waivers and substitution which 
may be contrary to Noteholders' interests 
The Terms and Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions also provide that (i) the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent may agree, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, to (a) any modification to the Terms and Conditions in the circumstances 
described in Condition 13 (Meetings of Noteholders) and (b) the variation or substitution of certain Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes in the circumstances described in Condition 8.7 (Redemption, substitution and 
variation for regulatory purposes of Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and of certain Subordinated Notes in the circumstances 
described in Condition 8.8 (Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory purposes of Subordinated

--- Page 51 ---
47 
 
 
 
Notes) and (ii) the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, substitute another company as 
principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer in the circumstances described in Condition 19 
(Substitution of the Issuer). 
Any such modification or waiver may be contrary to the interest of one or more Noteholders and as a result 
the Notes may no longer meet the requirements or investment objectives of such Noteholder. 
C. Risks related to the Markets generally  
1. There may be no active trading market for the Notes which may adversely impact the ability of 
investors to sell their investments easily or for a price that they would have been able to obtain had such 
active trading market existed 
There can be no assurance as to how any Notes will trade in the secondary market or whether such market 
will be liquid or illiquid (for example, Notes may be allocated to a limited pool of investors). Application 
may be made to list the Notes on a stock exchange, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. The fact that 
Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater liquidity. No assurance can be given that there will 
be a market for any Notes. If any Notes are not traded on any stock exchange, pricing information for such 
Notes may be more difficult to obtain, and the liquidity and market prices of such Notes may be adversely 
affected. The liquidity of the Notes may also be affected by restriction on offers and sales of the Notes in 
some jurisdictions. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed trading market. 
2. Credit or corporate ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent rating agencies may assign ratings to the Notes and/or the Issuer. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, and other factors that may affect the 
value of the Notes or the standing of the Issuer.  
A credit rating and/or a corporate rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Any adverse 
change in an applicable credit rating could adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
D. Taxation 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (the "FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for 
a directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may therefore be 
altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional European Union 
Member States may decide to participate. 
If the currently discussed text or any similar tax is adopted, transactions in the Notes would be subject to 
higher costs, and the liquidity of the market for the Notes may be diminished. Prospective holders of the 
Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 52 ---
48 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Offering Circular constitutes a base prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation. This 
Offering Circular has been approved by the AFM, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The AFM only approves this Offering Circular as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this 
Offering Circular. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such 
Notes.  
This Offering Circular shall be valid for use only by the Issuer or others who have obtained the Issuer's 
consent for a period of up to twelve months after its approval by the AFM and shall expire on 24 June 2021, 
at the latest. The obligation to supplement this Offering Circular, in the event of significant new factors, 
material mistakes or material inaccuracies only, shall cease to apply upon the expiry of the validity period 
of this Offering Circular.  
The Issuer (the "Responsible Person") accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering 
Circular (including all documents incorporated by reference herein) and any Final Terms (as defined 
below). To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Offering Circular is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its import. 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as contemplated by a document specific to such Tranche called 
final terms (the "Final Terms") (or, in the case of Unlisted Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement). 
This Offering Circular must be read and construed together with any amendments or supplements hereto 
and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms or a Pricing Supplement, must 
be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Any text included in 
this Offering Circular which is not in the English language is a direct and accurate translation of the 
preceding English language text. 
References in this Offering Circular to "Final Terms" shall, in the case of an issue of Unlisted Notes, be 
read and construed as a reference to the applicable Pricing Supplement, unless the context otherwise 
requires. 
The Dealers have not independently verified all the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by any Dealer as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in 
this Offering Circular or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme 
or the Notes or their distribution. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes or their distribution. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in 
this paragraph affects the representations, responsibilities or undertakings of the Issuer as may be set out in 
this Offering Circular. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Offering Circular or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or the Notes or their distribution and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Note (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any Dealer that any recipient of this Offering Circular or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Note should purchase any Note. Each 
Investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Investors should 
not construe the contents of this Offering Circular as legal, business, financial or tax advice and should 
consult its own attorney, business advisor, financial advisor or tax advisor and make its own assessment of 
the risks involved. Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any 
Dealer to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.

--- Page 53 ---
49 
 
 
 
Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
Programme or to advise any Investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. Investors 
should review, among other things, the most recently published documents incorporated by reference into, 
and any supplements to, this Offering Circular when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
This Offering Circular does not and any Final Terms do not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of 
an offer to buy any Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or 
solicitation in such jurisdiction. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act 
and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale 
of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that 
this Offering Circular may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In 
particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or any Dealer which is intended to permit a public offering 
of any Notes or distribution of this document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Offering Circular nor 
any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except 
under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into 
whose possession this Offering Circular or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and 
observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Offering Circular and the offering and sale of Notes 
(see "Subscription and Sale" and "Transfer Restrictions" below). 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on Euronext Amsterdam or any other regulated 
market within the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom or offered to the public in a Member 
State of the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE 
SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY SECURITIES OF THE ISSUER IN THE UNITED STATES 
OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. THE SECURITIES HAVE 
NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE 
U.S. OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE U.S. AND THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, 
SOLD OR DELIVERED WITHIN THE U.S. OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. 
PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT), EXCEPT 
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR 
LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE "SEC"), ANY STATE SECURITIES 
COMMISSION OR ANY OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY IN THE UNITED STATES. 
NEITHER THE SEC NOR ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE PASSED UPON THE 
ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE 
CONTRARY IS UNLAWFUL CRIMINAL OFFENSE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
RATINGS 
The rating of certain Tranches of Notes to be issued under the Programme and the credit rating agency 
issuing such ratings may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer cannot assure Investors that 
any such ratings will not change in the future. A rating reflects only the views of the relevant rating agency 
and is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the Notes and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Issuer has long- and short- term issuer credit rating of BBB+/A-2 issued by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("Standard & Poor's" or "S&P") and long- and short- term issuer default rating of BBB/F3 issued

--- Page 54 ---
50 
 
 
 
by Fitch Ratings Europe Limited ("Fitch"). At the date of this Offering Circular, (i) Standard & Poor's and 
Fitch are established in the European Economic Area and have been registered by ESMA as credit rating 
agencies in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation”) and (ii) the 
ratings of Standard & Poor's and Fitch are endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and Fitch Ratings 
Limited, respectively, which are established in the United Kingdom and have been registered with the 
Financial Conduct Authority as credit rating agencies in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") 
(the "UK CRA Regulation"). The credit ratings by Standard & Poor’s and Fitch have been obtained at the 
request of the Issuer. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may 
over-allot or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes of the Series (as 
defined below) of which such Tranche forms part at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date 
on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, 
if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or 
persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
INVESTOR SUITABILITY 
Each prospective Investor must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional tax 
and accounting advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition and holding of 
the Notes issued under the Programme is fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives and conditions, 
and complies and is fully consistent with, all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to 
it. None of the Issuer or the Dealers acts as an investment adviser, or assumes any fiduciary obligation, to 
any prospective purchaser of the Notes. 
In making an investment decision, Investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and the terms 
of the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved. It is advisable that Investors consult 
their own financial, legal, accounting and tax advisers about the risks associated with an investment in 
Notes issued under the Programme, the appropriate tools to analyse that investment, and the suitability of 
the investment in each Investor's particular circumstances. No Investor should purchase Notes issued under 
the Programme unless that Investor understands and has sufficient financial resources to bear the price, 
market liquidity, structure and other risks associated with an investment in these Notes (including, but not 
limited to, any political, economic and other factors which could affect the value of, and return on, the 
Notes). In particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the above paragraph, prospective Investors 
should note that an investment in the Notes is only suitable for Investors who: 
(i) 
are capable of bearing the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of 
time; 
(ii) 
are acquiring the Notes for their own account for investment, not with a view to resale, distribution 
or other disposition of the Notes (subject to any applicable law requiring that the disposition of the 
Investor's property be within its control); and 
(iii) 
who will recognise that it may not be possible to make any transfer of the Notes for a substantial 
period of time, if at all. 
Understanding and appropriateness of the investment 
Each Investor (a) should be financially able to bear such risks; (b) in making such investment shall not rely 
on any advice or recommendations of or any information, representation or warranty provided by each 
Dealer, the Issuer or any of their respective representatives (other than the information contained in, or 
incorporated by reference into, this Offering Circular); (c) recognise that it may not be possible to make 
any transfer of the Notes for a substantial period of time; and (d) should seek advice from such advisers as

--- Page 55 ---
51 
 
 
 
such Investor considers necessary and appropriate, to enable such Investor to make its own independent 
decision with regard to the suitability and appropriateness of the Notes as an investment for its own account. 
Each Investor should be capable of assessing and independently deciding, and should have assessed and 
independently decided, to assume the risks of an investment in the Notes. Each Investor in the Notes should 
consider the tax consequences of investing in the Notes. None of the Issuer, the Dealers or any of their 
respective representatives makes any representation and has given, nor will give, any advice concerning 
the appropriate accounting treatment or possible tax consequences of purchasing the Notes. Each Investor 
should consult its own financial, tax, accounting and legal advisers about risks associated with an 
investment in the Notes and the suitability of investing in such Notes in light of the Investor's particular 
circumstances. 
Any information communicated (in any manner) to Investors by the Issuer or the Dealers should not be 
relied upon as investment advice or as a recommendation to invest in the Notes, which shall include, 
amongst other things, any such information, explanations or discussions concerning the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, or related features. Investment in the Notes should comply, and be fully consistent, 
with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to an Investor. It is the responsibility of 
each Investor to ensure that it is compliant with all regulations relevant to its acquisition of the Notes and 
that it is lawful for it to enter into such investment. Any information communicated (in any manner) to 
Investors by the Issuer or the Dealers should not be relied upon, nor shall such information be deemed to 
be an assurance or guarantee, as to the expected results of an investment in the Notes. Each Investor should 
be aware that any return on the Notes may not exceed or even equal the return that might have been achieved 
had the amount of its initial investment been placed on deposit for the same period. Each Investor should 
be aware that none of the Issuer or the Dealers is acting as a fiduciary or trustee for, or as an adviser to the 
Investor with regard to the investment in the Notes. 
This Offering Circular identifies in a general way, some of the information that a prospective Investor 
should consider prior to making an investment in the Notes. However, this Offering Circular does not 
purport to provide all of the information or the comprehensive analysis necessary to evaluate the economic 
and other consequences of investing in the Notes. Therefore, a prospective Investor should conduct its own 
thorough analysis (including its own financial, accounting, legal and tax analysis) prior to deciding whether 
to invest in the Notes. This Offering Circular is not, and does not purport to be, investment advice. The 
applicable Final Terms may contain additional information that a prospective Investor should consider prior 
to making an investment in the Notes. 
LEGAL INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
Investors should consult their own legal advisers in determining whether and to what extent the Notes 
constitute legal investments for such Investors and whether and to what extent the Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowings. In addition, financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or regulators in determining the appropriate treatment of the Notes under any applicable risk-based 
capital or similar rules. Investors whose investment activities are subject to investment laws and regulations 
or to review or regulation by certain authorities may be subject to restrictions on investments in certain 
types of debt securities, which may include the Notes. Investors should review and consider such 
restrictions prior to investing in the Notes. 
The Notes may involve substantial risks, it is the responsibility of prospective purchasers to ensure that 
they have sufficient knowledge, experience and professional advice necessary to make their own legal, 
financial, tax, accounting and other business evaluation of the merits and risks of investing in the Notes 
without relying on the Issuer, the Dealers or any officers or employees of the Issuer or the Dealers in that 
regard. Prospective Investors should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant Notes and the 
extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of the relevant Notes as an investment 
in the light of their own circumstances and financial condition. Prospective Investors should consider the 
suitability of the Notes as an investment in light of their own circumstances, investment objectives, tax 
position and financial condition. Some or all of the risks highlighted in "Risk Factors" could adversely 
affect the trading price of the Notes or the rights of Investors under the Notes and, as a result, Investors 
could lose some or all of their investment.

--- Page 56 ---
52 
 
 
 
SPECIAL NOTICE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Offering Circular includes forward-looking statements. The words "believe", "expect", "intend", 
"predict", "continue", "assume", "may", "will", "should", "shall", "risk" and other similar expressions that 
are predictions of or indicate future events and future trends identify forward looking statements. These 
forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts. In particular, the statements 
under the headings "Risk Factors" and "Business Description of NIBC Bank N.V." regarding the Issuer's 
strategy and other future events or prospects are forward-looking statements. Investors should not place 
undue reliance on forward-looking statements because they involve known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other factors that are in many cases beyond the Issuer's control. By their nature, forward-
looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on 
circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. Recipients of this Offering Circular are cautioned 
that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that the Issuer's actual results 
of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industry in which the Issuer 
operates may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements 
contained in this document. The cautionary statements set out above should be considered in connection 
with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that the Issuer, or persons acting on behalf 
of the Issuer, may issue. Factors that may cause the Issuer's actual results to differ materially from those 
expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this Offering Circular include but are not limited 
to the risks described under "Risk Factors". 
The Issuer does not intend, and does not assume any obligation, to update any forward-looking 
statements contained herein, except as may be required by law. All subsequent written and oral 
forward-looking statements attributable to the Issuer or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly 
qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements referred to above and contained elsewhere in 
this Offering Circular.

--- Page 57 ---
53 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The Issuer will be incorporating by reference in this Offering Circular important information about the 
Issuer, which means that (i) the incorporated documents are considered part of this Offering Circular, and 
(ii) the Issuer can disclose important information to prospective purchasers of Notes by referring 
prospective purchasers to those documents. The following documents published or issued on or prior to the 
date hereof shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of, this Offering Circular: 
(i) 
the most recent Articles of Association of the Issuer which can be obtained from 
https://www.nibc.com/media/2064/articles-of-association-nibc-bank-en.pdf; 
(ii) 
the Issuer’s consolidated financial information for the year ended 31 December 2019, consisting 
of the following parts of the Issuer’s 2019 annual report: (i) the Key Figures from page 12 up to 
and including page 14, (ii) Vision and Strategy starting from “Strategic priorities” on page 23 up 
to “The way forward” on page 24, (iii) the Financial Review from page 26 up to and including 
page 42, (iv) Risk Management starting from “Credit risk” on page 63 up to “Interest rate risk in 
the banking book” on page 69, (v) the Consolidated Financial Statements from page 131 up to and 
including page 325, (vi) the auditor’s report related thereto, as set out on page 364 up to and 
including page 372 and (vii) the Alternative Performance Measures from page 374 up to and 
including 380, of the publicly available Annual Report NIBC Bank N.V. 2019, published on 25 
February 2020 which can be obtained from https://www.nibc.com/media/2478/2019-annual-
report-nibc-bank-nv.pdf; 
(iii) 
NIBC Holding N.V.’s consolidated financial information for the year ended 31 December 2019, 
consisting of the following parts of the 2019 annual report: (i) the Key Figures from page 12 up to 
and including page 14, (ii) Vision and Strategy starting from “Strategic priorities” on page 23 up 
to “The way forward” on page 24, (iii) the Financial Review from page 26 up to and including 
page 43, (iv) Risk Management starting from “Credit risk” on page 63 up to “Interest rate risk in 
the banking book” on page 69, (v) the Consolidated Financial Statements from page 133 up to and 
including page 333, (vi) the auditor’s report related thereto, as set out on page 348 up to and 
including page 356 and (vii) the Alternative Performance Measures from page 358 up to and 
including 365, of the publicly available Annual Report NIBC Holding N.V. 2019, published on 25 
February 2020 which can be obtained from https://www.nibc.com/media/2483/annual-report-nibc-
holding-nv-2019.pdf; 
(iv) 
the Issuer’s consolidated financial information for the year ended 31 December 2020 being set out 
in (i) the Key Figures from page 12 up to and including page 14, (ii) Vision and Strategy starting 
from “Strategic priorities” on page 23 up to “Continuous development” on page 24, (iii) the 
Financial Review from page 36 up to and including page 43, (iv) Risk Management starting from 
“Asset quality” on page 50 up to and including page 54, (v) the Consolidated Financial Statements 
from page 103 up to and including page 300, (vi) the auditor’s report related thereto, as set out on 
page 337 up to and including page 347 and (vii) the Alternative Performance Measures from page 
349 up to and including page 355, of the publicly available Annual Report 2020 NIBC Bank N.V., 
published 
on 
04 
March 
2021, 
which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from 
https://www.nibc.com/media/2887/annual-report-nibc-bank-nv-2020.pdf;  
(v) 
the consolidated financial information for the year ended 31 December 2020 of NIBC Holding 
N.V, being set out in (i) the Key Figures from page 12 up to and including page 14, (ii) Vision and 
Strategy starting from “Strategic priorities” on page 24 up to “Continuous development” on page 
24, (iii) the Financial Review from page 38 up to and including page 47, (iv) Risk Management 
starting from “Asset quality” on page 54 up to and including page 59, (v) the Consolidated 
Financial Statements from page 109 up to and including page 313, (vi) the auditor’s report related 
thereto, as set out on page 327 up to and including page 337 and (vii) the Alternative Performance 
Measures from page 339 up to and including the table “Net interest margin” on page 345, of the 
publicly available Annual Report 2020 NIBC Holding N.V., published on 04 March 2021, which 
can be obtained from https://www.nibc.com/media/2886/annual-report-nibc-holding-nv-2020.pdf; 
(vi) 
the terms and conditions (including the form of final terms) set out on pages 63-173 of the offering 
circular prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme dated 27 June 2019 (the "2019 
Conditions"), which can be obtained from https://www.nibc.com/media/2256/emtn-prospectus-
2019.pdf; and

--- Page 58 ---
54 
 
 
 
(vii) 
the terms and conditions (including the form of final terms) set out on pages 65-182 of the offering 
circular prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme dated 24 June 2020 (the "2020 
Conditions"), which can be obtained from https://www.nibc.com/media/2686/nibc-emtn-u20-
offering-circular.pdf. 
The Issuer and the Paying Agents (at their specified offices during normal business hours) will provide, 
without charge, to each person to whom a copy of this Offering Circular has been delivered, upon the 
reasonable request of any such person, a copy of any or all of the documents deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference. Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to the Issuer or the 
specified office of any Paying Agent set out at the end of this Offering Circular. 
Copies of the documents deemed to be incorporated herein by reference shall also be available on the 
following websites: 
https://www.nibc.com/about-nibc/corporate-governance/ 
https://www.nibc.com/about-nibc/investor-relations/annual-reports/ 
Any information not specified in the list above but contained in the documents incorporated by reference 
referred to above does not form part of this Offering Circular as it is either not relevant for prospective 
investors in the Notes or is covered elsewhere in this Offering Circular. Any statements on the Issuer's 
competitive position included in a document which is incorporated by reference herein and where no 
external source is identified are based on the Issuer's internal assessment of generally available information. 
The information on the websites to which a hyperlink has been included in this Offering Circular does not 
form part of this Offering Circular and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM, unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular. 
The consolidated financial information relating to NIBC Holding N.V. is incorporated by reference in this 
Offering Circular for information purposes, as the financial condition and performance of NIBC Holding 
N.V. is for a significant part driven by the performance of the Issuer. NIBC Holding N.V. does not guarantee 
the Notes and as such, the financial statements of the Issuer constitute the most important financial 
information for potential investors.

--- Page 59 ---
55 
 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will initially be in the form of either a temporary 
global note in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Note") in substantially the form (subject to amendment 
and completion) scheduled to the Fiscal Agency Agreement, without interest coupons, or a permanent 
global note in bearer form without interest coupons (the "Permanent Global Note") in substantially the 
form (subject to amendment and completion) scheduled to the Fiscal Agency Agreement, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent 
Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system and 
each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United 
States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor United States Treasury Regulation 
section, including without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with the Internal Revenue Service 
Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment 
Act of 2010) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any 
successor United States Treasury Regulation section, including without limitation, regulations issued in 
accordance with the Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United 
States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in 
relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA 
C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, 
not earlier than the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of the Notes and only upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made 
under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly 
withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global 
Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase 
in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global 
Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a confirmation from the clearing systems that they have received a 
certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate 
of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, 
that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note 
exceed the initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has 
requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note; or

--- Page 60 ---
56 
 
 
 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then as from the start of the first day on which banks in Amsterdam and London are open for business 
following such an event (the "Relevant Time"), each Relevant Account Holder (as defined in the 
Temporary Global Note) shall be able to enforce against the Issuer all rights ("Direct Rights") which the 
Relevant Account Holder in question would have had if, immediately before the Relevant Time, it had been 
the holder of Definitive Notes issued on the issue date of the Temporary Global Note in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of the relevant Entry (as defined in the Temporary Global 
Note) including the right to receive all payments due at any time in respect of such Definitive Notes (upon 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership unless such certification has already been provided in 
connection with any payment of interest falling due before the Exchange Date) other than payments 
corresponding to any already made under the Temporary Global Note, all in accordance with the provisions 
of the relevant Temporary Global Note. In the event that the Temporary Global Note is deposited with 
Euroclear Netherlands, each Relevant Account Holder can only exercise its right in accordance with the 
Dutch Securities Giro Transfer Act as amended from time to time (Wet giraal effectenverkeer) and the rules 
and regulations of Euroclear Netherlands. 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the Final Terms specify "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note, 
then if either of the following events (each an "Exchange Event") occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 0 (Events of Default) occurs. 
In the case of Notes represented by a Permanent Global Note deposited with Euroclear Netherlands, an 
exchange for definitive Notes will only be possible in the limited circumstances as described in the Dutch 
Securities Giro Transfer Act as amended from time to time (Wet giraal effectenverkeer) and in accordance 
with the rules and regulations of Euroclear Netherlands. 
The exchange upon notice or at any time options should not be selected in the applicable Final Terms if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes includes language substantially to the following effect: "EUR 100,000 
and integral multiples of EUR 1,000 in excess thereof up to and including EUR 199,000". 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal 
Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. Such Definitive Notes shall be duly 
authenticated and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, have attached thereto at the time of initial 
delivery coupons ("Coupons") and a talon ("Talon") for further coupons (and the expression "Coupons" 
shall, where the context so permits, include Talons). 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global

--- Page 61 ---
57 
 
 
 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the 
Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then as from the Relevant Time, each Relevant Account Holder (as defined in the Permanent Global Note) 
shall be able to enforce against the Issuer all Direct Rights which the Relevant Account Holder in question 
would have had if, immediately before the Relevant Time, it had been the holder of Definitive Notes issued 
on the issue date of the Permanent Global Note in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the relevant Entry (as defined in the Permanent Global Note) including, without limitation, the 
right to receive all payments due at any time in respect of such Definitive Notes other than payments 
corresponding to any already made under the Permanent Global Note, all in accordance with the provisions 
of the relevant Permanent Global Note. In the event that the Permanent Global Note is deposited with 
Euroclear Netherlands, each Relevant Account Holder can only exercise its right in accordance with the 
Dutch Securities Giro Transfer Act as amended from time to time (Wet giraal effectenverkeer) and the rules 
and regulations of Euroclear Netherlands. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C 
Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than the 
Exchange Date. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially 
be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive 
Notes not earlier than the Exchange Date and only upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount 
equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of 
the bearer requesting such exchange. 
In the case of Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note deposited with Euroclear Netherlands, an 
exchange for definitive Notes will only be possible in the limited circumstances as described in the Dutch 
Securities Giro Transfer Act as amended from time to time (Wet giraal effectenverkeer) and in accordance 
with the rules and regulations of Euroclear Netherlands. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the 
Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then as from the Relevant Time, each Relevant Account Holder (as defined in the Temporary Global Note) 
shall be able to enforce against the Issuer all Direct Rights which the Relevant Account Holder in question 
would have had if, immediately before the Relevant Time, it had been the holder of Definitive Notes issued 
on the issue date of the Temporary Global Note in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the relevant Entry (as defined in the Temporary Global Note) including the right to receive all 
payments due at any time in respect of such Definitive Notes (upon certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership unless such certification has already been provided in connection with any payment of interest

--- Page 62 ---
58 
 
 
 
falling due before the Exchange Date) other than payments corresponding to any already made under the 
Temporary Global Note, all in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Temporary Global Note. In 
the event that the Temporary Global Note is deposited with Euroclear Netherlands, each Relevant Account 
Holder can only exercise its right in accordance with the Dutch Securities Giro Transfer Act as amended 
from time to time (Wet giraal effectenverkeer) and the rules and regulations of Euroclear Netherlands. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note", then if either of the following Exchange Events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 0 (Events of Default) occurs. 
In the case of Notes represented by a Permanent Global Note deposited with Euroclear Netherlands, an 
exchange for definitive Notes will only be possible in the limited circumstances as described in the Dutch 
Securities Giro Transfer Act as amended from time to time (Wet giraal effectenverkeer) and in accordance 
with the rules and regulations of Euroclear Netherlands. 
The exchange upon notice or at any time options should not be selected in the applicable Final Terms if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes includes language substantially to the following effect: "EUR 100,000 
and integral multiples of EUR 1,000 in excess thereof up to and including EUR 199,000". Furthermore, 
such Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issuance of Notes which is to 
be represented on issue by a Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 
30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the 
Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then as from the Relevant Time, each Relevant Account Holder (as defined in the Permanent Global Note) 
shall be able to enforce against the Issuer all Direct Rights which the Relevant Account Holder in question 
would have had if, immediately before the Relevant Time, it had been the holder of Definitive Notes issued 
on the issue date of the Permanent Global Note in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the relevant Entry (as defined in the Permanent Global Note) including, without limitation, the 
right to receive all payments due at any time in respect of such Definitive Notes other than payments 
corresponding to any already made under the Permanent Global Note, all in accordance with the provisions 
of the relevant Permanent Global Note. In the event that the Permanent Global Note is deposited with

--- Page 63 ---
59 
 
 
 
Euroclear Netherlands, each Relevant Account Holder can only exercise its right in accordance with the 
Dutch Securities Giro Transfer Act as amended from time to time (Wet giraal effectenverkeer) and the rules 
and regulations of Euroclear Netherlands. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist 
of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms which supplement those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global 
form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to 
the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code." 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes") will be represented by either: 
(i) 
individual note certificates in registered form ("Individual Note Certificates"); or 
(ii) 
one or more global registered notes ("Global Registered Note(s)"). 
Each Note represented by an Global Registered Note will either be: (a) in the case of an Global Registered 
Note which is not to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure registered in the name of a common 
depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with 
the common depositary; or (b) in the case of an Global Registered Note to be held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global 
Registered Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes 
will at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect of their 
respective holdings. 
Global Registered Note exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being "Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be represented by one or more Global Registered 
Note each of which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify "in the limited circumstances described in the Global Registered 
Note", then: 
(i) 
if Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or

--- Page 64 ---
60 
 
 
 
(ii) 
in any case, if any of the circumstances described in Condition 0 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever a Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, each person having 
an interest in a Global Registered Note must provide the Registrar (through the relevant clearing system) 
with such information as the Issuer and the Registrar may require to complete and deliver Individual Note 
Certificates (including the name and address of each person in which the Notes represented by the 
Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person's holding).  
Whenever a Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf 
of the registered holder of the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to 
complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates against the surrender of the Global Registered Note 
at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be 
effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect 
of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such 
exchange. 
In the case of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note deposited with Euroclear Netherlands, an 
exchange for definitive Notes will only be possible in the limited circumstances as described in the Dutch 
Securities Giro Transfer Act as amended from time to time (Wet giraal effectenverkeer) and in accordance 
with the rules and regulations of Euroclear Netherlands. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global 
Registered Note; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and 
payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption 
of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due 
with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Registered Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Note on the due date for payment, 
then, each Relevant Account Holder (as defined in the Global Registered Note) shall be able to enforce 
against the Issuer all rights ("Direct Rights") which the Relevant Account Holder in question would have 
had if it had been the holder of Individual Note Certificates issued on the issue date of the Global Registered 
Note in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Direct Rights including, without 
limitation, the right to receive all payments due at any time in respect of such Individual Note Certificates 
other than payments corresponding to any already made under the Global Registered Note, all in accordance 
with the provisions of the relevant Global Registered Note. In the event that the Global Registered Note is 
deposited with Euroclear Netherlands, each Relevant Account Holder can only exercise its right in 
accordance with the Dutch Securities Giro Transfer Act as amended from time to time (Wet giraal 
effectenverkeer) and the rules and regulations of Euroclear Netherlands. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual 
Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which supplement those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary 
of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 65 ---
61 
 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes to "holders of Bearer Notes" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, 
for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of each Global 
Note which is not intended to be issued in new global note form (a "Classic Global Note" or a "CGN"), or 
a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN, for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, 
common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by one or more Global Registered Note, references in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name the relevant 
Global Registered Note is for the time being registered in the register kept by the Registrar (the "Register") 
which in the case of any Global Registered Note which is held by or on behalf of a depositary or a common 
depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee 
for that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each an 
"Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant 
clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer 
to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other rights arising under 
such Global Note or Global Registered Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders 
may exercise any rights arising under a Global Note or Global Registered Note will be determined by the 
respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing 
system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global 
Registered Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due 
under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder of such 
Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Transfers of Interests in Global Notes and Global Registered Note 
Transfers of interests in Global Notes and Global Registered Notes within Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, Euroclear Netherlands or any other relevant clearing system will be in accordance with their 
respective rules and operating procedures (and in the case of Global Notes and Global Registered Notes 
within Euroclear Netherlands, the Dutch Securities Giro Transfer Act (Wet giraal effectenverkeer)). None 
of the Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers, the Transfer Agent or the Paying Agents will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records of any Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
any other relevant clearing system or any of their respective participants relating to payments made on 
account of beneficial ownership interests in a Global Note or Global Registered Note or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any of the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant clearing system or the records of their respective participants relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. 
The laws of some states of the United States require that certain persons receive individual certificates in 
respect of their holdings of Notes. Consequently, the ability to transfer interests in a Global Registered Note 
to such persons will be limited. Because clearing systems only act on behalf of participants, who in turn act 
on behalf of indirect participants, the ability of a person having an interest in a Global Registered Note to 
pledge such interest to persons or entities which do not participate in the relevant clearing systems, or 
otherwise take actions in respect of such interest, may be affected by the lack of an Individual Note 
Certificate representing such interest. 
For a further description of restrictions on the transfer of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale" and "Transfer 
Restrictions". 
Although Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and other relevant clearing systems may have agreed to 
the foregoing procedures in order to facilitate transfers of interests in the Global Registered Note among 
participants and account holders, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such

--- Page 66 ---
62 
 
 
 
procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued at any time. None of the Issuer, the Registrar, the 
Dealers, the Transfer Agent or the Paying Agents will have any responsibility for the performance by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, any other clearing system or their respective direct or indirect 
participants or account holders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing 
their respective operations. 
While a Global Registered Note is lodged with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any relevant 
clearing system, Individual Note Certificates for the relevant Series of Notes will not be eligible for clearing 
and settlement through such clearing systems. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes and Global Registered Note 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note. The following is a 
summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or 
Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest 
accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying 
Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in 
respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, or a Global Registered Note, shall be, if the currency 
of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is 
not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the Noteholder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the 
Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing 
System Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note 
is being held is open for business. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 8.5 (Optional Early 
Redemption (Investor Put)) the bearer of a Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered 
Note must, within the period specified in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for the deposit of the 
relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal 
amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable 
and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 8.3 
(Optional Early Redemption (Issuer Call)) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global 
Note or Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected 
as provided in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes but in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 14 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note 
and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), 
or the Global Registered Note is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system.

--- Page 67 ---
63 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") which (subject to completion 
by the relevant Final Terms or, as applicable, the relevant Pricing Supplement) will be applicable to each 
Series of Notes. 
In the case of a Tranche of Notes which will not be admitted to listing, trading on a regulated market for 
the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended) in the 
European Economic Area and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system (the "Unlisted Notes") and, accordingly, for which no base prospectus is required to be produced 
in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended or superseded, a pricing supplement (a 
"Pricing Supplement") will be issued describing the final terms of such Tranche of Unlisted Notes. Each 
reference in these terms and conditions to "Final Terms" shall, in the case of a Tranche of Unlisted Notes, 
be read and construed as a reference to such Pricing Supplement unless the context requires otherwise. 
Words and expressions defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Fiscal Agency Agreement and 
the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
The Notes are issued in accordance with an amended and restated fiscal agency agreement (the "Fiscal 
Agency Agreement", which expression shall include any amendments or supplements thereto) dated 25 
June 2021 and made between NIBC Bank N.V. (the "Issuer"), Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its 
capacities as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression shall include any successor to Citibank, 
N.A., London Branch in its capacity as such), as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression shall include 
any successor to Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its capacity as such) and as transfer agent (the "Transfer 
Agent") and the paying agents named therein (the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include the 
Fiscal Agent and any substitute or additional paying agents appointed in accordance with the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement). 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes or together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in 
all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
A Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Fixed Rate Reset Note, a Fixed to Floating Rate Note, a Floating Rate 
Note, a CMS-Linked Interest Note or a Zero Coupon Note. 
Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons and, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, a talon ("Talon") 
attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to Coupons, Talons and 
Couponholders in these Conditions are not applicable. 
A copy of the Fiscal Agency Agreement is available upon reasonable request for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents and the Registrar. Copies of the 
applicable Final Terms are available for viewing at the address of the relevant Dealer and copies may be 
obtained from the same, save that, if the relevant Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market 
in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom nor offered in the European Economic Area or the 
United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes 
and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or, as the case 
may be, and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders, the 
Couponholders and all persons from time to time entitled to the benefit of obligations under any Notes are 
deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions 
include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 68 ---
64 
 
 
 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 4 (Interest). 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means TARGET2 and/or the city or cities, each specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or 
indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes "control" means ownership of a 
majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Applicable MREL Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, 
rules, standards and policies relating to the MREL Requirement then in effect and applicable to the Issuer 
(whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated basis) including, without limitation to the generality of the 
foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the 
European Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating 
to the MREL Requirement adopted by the Relevant Resolution Authority and/or Competent Authority from 
time to time (whether or not such regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards or policies have 
force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer). 
"Applicable Resolution Framework" means any relevant laws and regulations applicable to the Issuer at 
the relevant time pursuant to, or which implement, or are enacted within the context of Directive 
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for 
the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and amending Council Directive 
82/891/EEC, and Directives 2001/24/EC, 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 2005/56/EC, 2007/36/EC, 
2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU, and Regulations (EU) No 1093/2010 and (EU) No 648/2012, 
of the European Parliament and of the Council (as amended from time to time, including by Directive (EU) 
2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019), or any other resolution or 
recovery rules which may from time to time be applicable to the Issuer, including Regulation (EU) No 
806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a 
uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of 
a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 
1093/2010. 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) Additional Business 
Centre (other than TARGET2); 
(ii) 
if TARGET2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on 
which TARGET2 is open;  
(iii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(iv) 
in any other case, a day on which banks are generally open for business in The Hague, The 
Netherlands, and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre. 
"Calculation Agent" means the Calculation Agent as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
A "Capital Event" shall occur if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes 
that has resulted or would be likely to result in the Subordinated Notes being excluded, in whole or in part, 
from the Tier 2 capital (within the meaning of the CRR or any Future Capital Requirements Regulations) 
of the Issuer or reclassified as own funds of lower quality of the Issuer, which change in regulatory 
classification (or reclassification) (i) becomes effective on or after the Issue Date and (ii) if redeemed within

--- Page 69 ---
65 
 
 
 
five years after the Issue Date, (a) such change is considered by the Competent Authority to be sufficiently 
certain and (b) the regulatory reclassification was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance 
as demonstrated by the Issuer to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority as required by Article 78(4) 
CRR. 
"Competent Authority" means the Dutch Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank N.V.) and any successor 
or replacement thereto, or other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and 
supervision of the Issuer and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority (if applicable), as determined by the 
Issuer. 
"Couponholders" means the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
include the holders of the Talons. 
"CMS-Linked Interest Note" means a Note in respect of which both the "Floating Rate Interest/CMS-
Linked Interest Note Provisions" and "CMS-Linked Interest Notes Provisions" of Part A of the Final Terms 
are specified as being "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms. 
"CRD" means together, (i) the CRD Directive, (ii) the CRR and (iii) the Future Capital Requirements 
Regulations. 
"CRD Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC 
(as amended from time to time, including by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2019). 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) 
No 648/2012 (as amended from time to time, including by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019). 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the Eurozone inter-
bank offered rate for that currency and period displayed on the appropriate page (being currently Reuters 
screen page EURIBOR01 or EURIBOR02) on the information service that publishes that rate. 
"FATCA" refers to sections 1471-1474 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, 
enacted by the United States as part of the HIRE Act in March 2010 (commonly referred to as Foreign 
Account Tax Compliance Act). 
"Floating Rate Note" means a Note in respect of which the "Floating Rate Interest/CMS-Linked Interest 
Note Provisions" of Part A of the Final Terms are specified as being "Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms, not being a CMS-Linked Interest Note. 
"Fixed Rate End Date" shall mean the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fixed Rate Note" means a Note in respect of which the "Fixed Rate Interest and Fixed to Floating Rate 
Interest Note Provisions" of Part A of the Final Terms are specified as being "Applicable" in the applicable 
Final Terms, not being a Fixed to Floating Rate Note. 
"Fixed Rate Reset Note" means a Note in respect of which the "Fixed Rate Reset Note Provisions" of Part 
A of the Final Terms are specified as being "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fixed to Floating Rate Note" means a Note in respect of which the "Fixed Rate Interest and Fixed to 
Floating Rate Interest Note Provisions" of Part A of the Final Terms are specified as being "Applicable" 
and specifying a Fixed Rate End Date in Part A of the applicable Final Terms. 
"Future Capital Requirements Regulations" means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRR 
or the CRD Directive which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated 
or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards or implementing technical standards) adopted by the 
European Commission, national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the 
European Central Bank, the Dutch Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank N.V.), the European Banking 
Authority or other competent authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on a solo or consolidated basis)

--- Page 70 ---
66 
 
 
 
and which lay down the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for inclusion in the regulatory 
capital of the Issuer (on a solo or consolidated basis) as required by (i) the CRR or (ii) the CRD Directive. 
"Junior Obligations" means any present and future claims in respect of obligations of the Issuer which 
rank or are expressed to rank, subordinated to claims in respect of unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer (including Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations). 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" means the amount (if any) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the 
Minimum Redemption Amount per Specified Denomination. 
"MREL Compliant Notes" means securities that comply with the following: 
(i) 
such securities are MREL Eligible Liabilities within the meaning of the Applicable MREL 
Regulations at the relevant time;  
(ii) 
such securities have terms not materially less favourable to the relevant Noteholders; and 
(iii) 
such securities shall (1) have a ranking and preference at least equal to that of the relevant Notes, 
(2) have at least the same interest rate and the same interest payment dates as those from time to 
time applying to the relevant Notes, (3) have the same Maturity Date and redemption rights as the 
relevant Notes, (4) preserve any existing rights under the relevant Notes to any accrued interest 
which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the interest payment date last 
preceding the date of variation or substitution, (5) have assigned (or maintain) the same (solicited) 
credit ratings as were assigned to the relevant Notes immediately prior to such variation or 
substitution and (6) be listed on a recognized stock exchange if the relevant Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution. 
"MREL Eligible Liabilities" means "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) which are 
available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL 
Regulations) of the Issuer (whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated basis) under Applicable MREL 
Regulations. 
"MREL Disqualification Event" shall occur if, as a result of any amendment to, or change in, any 
Applicable MREL Regulations, or any change in the application or official interpretation of any Applicable 
MREL Regulations, in any such case becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the most recent 
Tranche of the Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, the relevant 
Notes are or (in the opinion of the Competent Authority and/or Relevant Resolution Authority or, in 
consultation with the Competent Authority and/or Relevant Resolution Authority, the Issuer) are likely to 
become fully or partially excluded from the Issuer's MREL Eligible Liabilities determined in accordance 
with, and pursuant to, the Applicable MREL Regulations; provided that an MREL Disqualification Event 
shall not occur where such exclusion of the relevant Notes in whole or in part from the Issuer's MREL 
Eligible Liabilities is due to (i) the remaining maturity of the Notes being less than any period prescribed 
by the Applicable MREL Regulations effective with respect to the Issuer or (ii) any applicable limits on the 
amount of MREL Eligible Liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the MREL Requirement. 
"MREL Requirement" means the requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities or loss absorbing 
capacity, which is or, as the case may be, will be, applicable to the Issuer (whether on a solo or 
(sub)consolidated basis). 
"Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Notes means the holders of the Notes. 
"Number of Extension Business Days" means, if "Interest Payment Date Extension" or "Maturity Date 
Extension" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Applicable", the Number of Extension 
Business Days is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and which in any case shall not be fewer than 
five Business Days.

--- Page 71 ---
67 
 
 
 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment 
and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation the Notes denominated in a currency other than euro, such 
financial centre or centres as may be specified in relation to the relevant currency for the purposes of the 
definition of "Business Day" in the 2006 ISDA Definitions and, in relation to Notes denominated in euro, 
the principal financial centre of any of the member states in the Euro-zone. 
"Recapitalisation" means the conversion of the nominal amount of the Notes, including accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect thereof, into claims which may give right to Common Equity Tier 1 instruments, all as 
prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework. 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the Dutch Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank N.V.) or other 
regulatory authority or governmental body having the power to impose Statutory Loss Absorption on, or 
Recapitalisation in respect of, the Notes pursuant to the Applicable Resolution Framework. 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
"Senior Non-Preferred Note" means a Note specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Senior Non-Preferred Notes means 
the holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
"Senior Preferred Note" means a Note specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Senior Preferred Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Senior Preferred Notes means the holders 
of the Senior Preferred Notes. 
"Statutory Loss Absorption" means the write down or otherwise the application of losses to all or part of 
the nominal amount of the Notes (as the case may be) including accrued but unpaid interest in respect 
thereof, all as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework. 
"Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations" (niet preferente niet achtergestelde schuld) means any 
present and future claims in respect of unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which have 
a lower ranking within the meaning of article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or 
any other provision implementing article 108 paragraph 2 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in The Netherlands) than the claims in respect of all other unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer. 
"Subordinated Note" means a Note specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Subordinated Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Subordinated Notes means the holders of the 
Subordinated Notes. 
"TARGET 2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007.

--- Page 72 ---
68 
 
 
 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET 2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro. 
"Tier 2 Compliant Notes" means securities that comply with the following: 
(i) 
such securities are compliant with CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the 
Issuer at the relevant time;  
(ii) 
such securities have terms not materially less favourable to the Subordinated Noteholders; and 
(iii) 
such securities shall (1) have a ranking at least equal to that of the Subordinated Notes, (2) have at 
least the same interest rate and the same interest payment dates as those from time to time applying 
to the Subordinated Notes, (3) have the same Maturity Date and redemption rights as the 
Subordinated Notes, (4) preserve any existing rights under the Subordinated Notes to any accrued 
interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the interest payment 
date last preceding the date of variation or substitution, (5) have assigned (or maintain) the same 
(solicited) credit ratings as were assigned to the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such 
variation or substitution and (6) be listed on a recognized stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes 
were listed immediately prior to such variation or substitution. 
"Winding-Up" means, in respect of the Issuer its liquidation or bankruptcy (faillissement). 
"Wft" means the Dutch Act on financial supervision (Wet op het financieel toezicht), as amended from time 
to time. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION, TITLE AND TRANSFER 
1.1 
Form, denomination 
Notes are issued in bearer form or in registered form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered. Notes are issued in the denominations specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, except that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a 
regulated market with the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom or offered to the public 
in a Member State of the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom in circumstances which 
would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be 
EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of such Notes). Each 
Note is a Senior Preferred Note, a Senior Non-Preferred Note or a Subordinated Note (where 
certain Subordinated Notes may be intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) for the purposes of the regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer 
from time to time). 
1.2 
Title, transfer 
Title to Bearer Notes and Coupons passes by delivery. References herein to the "holders of Bearer 
Notes" or of Coupons are to the bearers of such Bearer Notes or such Coupons. 
Title to Registered Notes passes by registration in the Register which is kept by the Registrar. 
References herein to the "holders of Registered Notes" are to the persons in whose names such 
Registered Notes are so registered in the relevant register. 
The holder of any Bearer Note or Coupon or Registered Note will (except as otherwise required 
by applicable law or regulatory requirement) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes 
(whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest thereof 
or therein, any writing thereon, or any theft or loss thereof) and no person shall be liable for so 
treating such holder. 
A Registered Note may, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement, be transferred in whole or in part only (provided that such part is, or is an integral 
multiple of, the minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms) upon the surrender 
of the Registered Note to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on it duly 
completed and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar. A new Registered Note will be

--- Page 73 ---
69 
 
 
 
issued to the transferee and, in the case of a transfer of part only of a Registered Note, a new 
Registered Note in respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor. 
Each new Registered Note to be issued upon the transfer of a Registered Note will, within three 
London, or Amsterdam or, as the case may be, New York Banking Days of the effective receipt of 
such form of transfer by the Registrar at its specified office, be available for delivery at the 
specified office of the Registrar. For these purposes, a form of transfer received by the Registrar 
during the period of fifteen London or Amsterdam or, as the case may be, New York Banking Days 
ending on the due date for any payment on the relevant Registered Notes shall be deemed not to 
be effectively received by the Registrar until the day following the due date for such payment. For 
the purposes of these Conditions, "London Banking Day" means a day on which commercial 
banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London and "Amsterdam Banking Day" and "New York Banking Day" have the same 
meanings mutatis mutandis. 
The issue of new Registered Notes on transfer will be effected without charge by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or the Registrar, but upon payment by the applicant of (or the giving by the applicant of 
such Indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of) any tax or other governmental charges 
which may be imposed in relation thereto. 
A Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant Global Registered Note and/or 
an Individual Note Certificate (each a "Note Certificate") which terms includes any replacement 
Note Certificate) with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may 
be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority 
of the individuals who have executed the form of transfer, provided, however, that a Registered 
Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of Registered Notes transferred and (where 
not all of the Registered Notes held by a holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the 
balance of Registered Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations. Where not all the 
Registered Notes represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a 
new Note Certificate in respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will be issued to the 
transferor. All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the register kept by the Registrar (the 
"Register") are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes 
scheduled to the Fiscal Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the 
prior written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of 
charge) by the Registrar to any Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
2.1 
Status of Senior Preferred Notes 
The Senior Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves and at least pari passu with all other direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer, present and future (save for those preferred by mandatory 
and/or overriding provisions of law) and (in the event of the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer 
only) other than those unsecured and unsubordinated obligations having a lower ranking in reliance 
on article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other act or provision 
implementing article 108 paragraph 2 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive 
2017/2399/EU, in The Netherlands). 
For the avoidance of doubt, unsubordinated Notes issued under the Programme prior to 2019 will 
rank pari passu with any Senior Preferred Notes issued under the Programme. 
2.2 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons qualify as, and comprise part of the class 
of, Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and constitute unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and, save as provided by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law, 
rank in a Winding-Up of the Issuer (i) pari passu without any preference among themselves and 
with all other present and future obligations of the Issuer qualifying as Statutory Senior Non-

--- Page 74 ---
70 
 
 
 
Preferred Obligations, (ii) in the event of the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer only, junior 
to any present and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which do not 
qualify as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations including the claims of creditors arising 
from excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as 
amended, and (iii) senior to any Junior Obligations. 
By virtue of such ranking, payments to Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders will, in the event of the 
bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer, only be made after all claims in respect of unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which do not qualify as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations have been satisfied. If resolution proceedings are commenced in respect of the Issuer 
in accordance with the Applicable Resolution Framework, the aforementioned ranking in the event 
of bankruptcy will in principle be followed, in reverse order (with the most junior instruments or 
liabilities first affected), subject to certain exceptions. 
2.3 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
Subordinated Notes not intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes 
The Subordinated Notes not intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes and the relative Coupons constitute 
subordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves and with all other present and future subordinated and unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer (other than those subordinated obligations expressed by or under their own terms to rank 
subordinated and junior to the Subordinated Notes not intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes, 
including the Issuer’s Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes), save for those 
preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law (including the Implementing Act). 
Save as provided by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law (including the Implementing 
Act), all claims in respect of, or arising under, the Subordinated Notes not intended to qualify as 
Tier 2 Notes and the relative Coupons against the Issuer are in the Winding-Up of the Issuer 
subordinated to (a) the claims of depositors (other than in respect of those whose deposits are 
expressed by or under their own terms to rank equally to or lower than the Subordinated Notes), 
(b) unsubordinated claims with respect to the repayment of borrowed money (including those 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations having a lower ranking in reliance on article 212rb of 
the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other act or provision implementing article 
108 paragraph 2 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in The 
Netherlands)), (c) the claims of creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to 
Article 72a(2) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 and (d) other unsubordinated claims (collectively, 
"Non Tier-2 Senior Claims"). 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to a Subordinated Noteholder will, in the event of the 
Winding-Up of the Issuer, only be made after all obligations of the Issuer resulting from Non Tier-
2 Senior Claims have been satisfied. If resolution proceedings are commenced in respect of the 
Issuer in accordance with the Applicable Resolution Framework, the aforementioned ranking in 
the event of bankruptcy will in principle be followed, in reverse order (with the most junior 
instruments or liabilities first affected), subject to certain exceptions. 
Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the proceeds of the issue of the Subordinated Notes be treated 
for regulatory purposes as Tier 2 capital as referred to in Article 71 of Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013, as amended, or any Future Capital Requirements Regulations ("Tier 2 Capital").  
The Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes and the relative Coupons constitute 
subordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves and with all other present and future Tier 2 own funds instruments (and senior 
to Tier 1 capital items as referred to in Article 25 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as amended). 
Save as provided by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law, all claims in respect of, or 
arising under, the Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes and the relative Coupons 
against the Issuer are in the Winding-Up of the Issuer subordinated to (a) the claims of depositors, 
(b) unsubordinated claims with respect to the repayment of borrowed money (including those

--- Page 75 ---
71 
 
 
 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations having a lower ranking in reliance on article 212rb of 
the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other act or provision implementing article 
108 paragraph 2 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in The 
Netherlands)), (c) other unsubordinated claims and those claims preferred by mandatory and/or 
overriding provision, (d) MREL Eligible Liabilities, (e) the claims of creditors arising from 
excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, (g) 
Subordinated Notes not intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes and (g) any other claims that do not 
result from an own funds item as referred to in point (118) of Article 4(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 575/2013, as amended (collectively, "Tier 2 Senior Claims"). 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to a Subordinated Noteholder will, in the event of the 
Winding-Up of the Issuer, only be made after all obligations of the Issuer resulting from Tier 2 
Senior Claims have been satisfied. If resolution proceedings are commenced in respect of the Issuer 
in accordance with the Applicable Resolution Framework, the aforementioned ranking in the event 
of bankruptcy will in principle be followed, in reverse order (with the most junior instruments or 
liabilities first affected), subject to certain exceptions. 
From (and including) the date on which the act or law implementing article 48(7) of Directive 
2014/59/EU, as amended (including by way of Directive (EU) 2019/879) into Dutch law becomes 
effective in the Netherlands (the "Implementing Act"), Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as 
Tier 2 Notes and the relative Coupons are intended to qualify as, and comprise part of, tier 2 capital 
own funds items having a lower priority ranking than any claim that does not result from a tier 2 
capital own funds item within the meaning of, or as contemplated in, the Implementing Act (and 
ranking senior to any Tier 1 capital items as referred to in Article 25 of Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013, as amended). 
Should any outstanding Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes be fully excluded 
from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer (a "Disqualification Event" and the Subordinated Notes 
intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes affected by the Disqualification Event, the "Disqualified Tier 
2 Notes"), such Disqualified Tier 2 Notes shall rank in accordance with the status and ranking 
provisions set out above in respect of Subordinated Notes not intended to qualify as Tier 2 Note or 
otherwise in accordance with the Implementing Act, without the need for any action from the Issuer 
and without consultation of the holders of such Subordinated Notes or the holders of any other 
Notes outstanding at such time. 
2.4 
No set-off or netting (all Notes other than Senior Preferred Notes that are not intended to 
qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
No holder of Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes may exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting in 
respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with such Notes. To 
the extent that any holder of such Notes nevertheless claims a right of setoff or netting in respect 
of any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of whether the set-
off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such holder is required to immediately transfer 
to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount which purportedly has been set off or netted (such a 
transfer, a "Set-off Repayment") and no rights can be derived from the relevant Notes until the 
Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off Repayment. Irrespective of any other setoff or netting 
agreement providing otherwise, the (im)possibility of any set-off or netting by a holder of any 
Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and Subordinated Notes shall be exclusively governed by Dutch law. 
3. 
REDENOMINATION 
(a) 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, on giving prior 
notice to the Paying Agents, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or as the case 
may be, the Registrar, and at least 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices), elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date 
specified in the notice, the Notes shall be redenominated in euro.

--- Page 76 ---
72 
 
 
 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(i) 
the Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated into euro in the denomination of 
euro 0.01 with a nominal amount for each Note equal to the nominal amount of 
that Note in the Specified Currency, converted into euro at the Established Rate, 
provided that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the Fiscal Agent, 
that the then market practice in respect of the redenomination into euro of 
internationally offered securities is different from the provisions specified above, 
such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market 
practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, the stock exchange 
(if any) on which the Notes may be listed, the Paying Agents and, as the case 
may be, the Registrar of such deemed amendments; 
(ii) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with 
paragraph (iv) below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to the aggregate nominal amount of Notes presented (or, 
as the case may be, in respect of which Coupons are presented) for payment by 
the relevant holder and the amount of such payment shall be rounded down to 
the nearest euro 0.01; 
(iii) 
if definitive Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they 
shall be issued at the expense of the Issuer in the denominations of euro 1,000, 
euro 10,000, euro 100,000 and (but only to the extent of any remaining amounts 
less than euro 1,000 or such smaller denominations as the Fiscal Agent may 
approve) euro 0.01 and such other denominations as the Fiscal Agent shall 
determine and notify to the Noteholders; 
(iv) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated 
in the Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the Notes) will become 
void with effect from the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the "Exchange 
Notice") that replacement euro denominated Notes and Coupons are available 
for exchange (provided that such securities are so available) and no payments 
will be made in respect of them. The payment obligations contained in any Notes 
so issued will also become void on that date although those Notes will continue 
to constitute valid exchange obligations of the Issuer. New euro denominated 
Notes and Coupons will be issued in exchange for Notes and Coupons 
denominated in the Specified Currency in such manner as the Fiscal Agent may 
specify and as shall be notified to the Noteholders in the Exchange Notice. No 
Exchange Notice may be given less than 15 days prior to any date for payment 
of principal or interest on the Notes; 
(v) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing 
before the Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though 
references in the Notes to the Specified Currency were to euro. Payments will be 
made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option 
of the payee, by a euro cheque; 
(vi) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after 
the Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other 
than on an Interest Payment Date, it will be calculated: 
(A) 
in the case of the Notes represented by a Global Note, by applying the 
Rate of Interest to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the 
Notes; and 
(B) 
in the case of definitive Notes, by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount;

--- Page 77 ---
73 
 
 
 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate 
Note shall be the product of (i) the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above for the Calculation Amount) and (ii) the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further 
rounding; and 
(vii) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, Fixed Rate Reset Notes, Fixed to Floating 
Rate Notes or CMS-Linked Interest Notes, the applicable Final Terms will 
specify any relevant changes to the provisions relating to interest. 
(b) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 3 (Redenomination), the following expressions have 
the following meanings: 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency 
(including compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable 
European Community regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European 
Union pursuant to the Treaty. 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European 
economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 
974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended. 
"Redenomination Date" means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for 
payment of interest under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in 
each case specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to 
paragraph (a) above and which falls on or after the date on which the country of the 
Specified Currency first participates in the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union. 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
4. 
INTEREST 
Notes may be interest bearing or non interest bearing, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(a) 
Definitions in respect of calculations and payment of Interest Amounts 
For the purposes of calculating the amount of interest due in relation to a Note (and for 
the purposes of interpretation in the event that the following definitions are used in any 
other context in any Final Terms and are not otherwise defined): 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
"Business Day Convention" means: 
(i) 
if "Floating Rate Note Convention", is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
that interest shall be payable in arrear on each date which numerically 
corresponds to the date of issue of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, the preceding Interest 
Payment Date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in 
the relevant Final Terms after the calendar month in which such date of issue or 
such other date as aforesaid or, as the case may be, the preceding Interest 
Payment Date occurred provided that:

--- Page 78 ---
74 
 
 
 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month 
in which an Interest Payment Date should occur, then the relevant 
Interest Payment Date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that 
calendar month; and 
(B) 
if an Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then the relevant Interest Payment Date will be the first 
following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is 
a Business Day; 
if such date of issue or such other date as aforesaid or the preceding Interest 
Payment Date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a Business 
Day, then all subsequent Interest Payment Dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months 
after the calendar month in which such date of issue or such other date as 
aforesaid or, as the case may be, the preceding Interest Payment Date occurred; 
or 
(ii) 
if the "Modified Following Business Day Convention", is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, that interest shall be payable in arrear on such dates as 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms provided that, if any Interest Payment 
Date would otherwise fall on a date which is not a Business Day, the relevant 
Interest Payment Date will be the first following day which is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the relevant 
Interest Payment Date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; or 
(iii) 
if the "Following Business Day Convention", is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, that interest shall be payable in arrear on such dates as are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms provided that, if any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a date which is not a Business Day, the relevant Interest 
Payment Date will be the first following day that is a Business Day; or 
(iv) 
if the "Preceding Business Day Convention", is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, that interest shall be payable in arrear on such dates as are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms provided that, if any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a date which is not a Business Day, the relevant Interest 
Payment Date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day. 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for CMS swap transactions, in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page in respect of the CMS Rate as at 
the Specified Time on the Period End Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent 
shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate (as expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) at approximately the Specified Time on the Period End Date in question. If two 
or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such quotations, the 
CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the quotations, 
eliminating, where there are more than two quotations available, the highest (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the lowest). If on any Period End Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with such quotation as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be the CMS Rate last determined in relation to the Notes 
in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. 
"CMS Rate 1" shall mean the applicable swap rate for CMS swap transactions, in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page in respect of the CMS Rate 1 as 
at the Specified Time on the Period End Date in question, all as determined by the

--- Page 79 ---
75 
 
 
 
Calculation Agent. If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent 
shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate (as expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Period End Date in question. If two or more of 
the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such quotations, the CMS Rate 
for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the quotations, eliminating, 
where there are more than two quotations available, the highest (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of 
the lowest). If on any Period End Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with such quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the 
CMS Rate shall be the CMS Rate 1 last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of 
the immediately preceding Interest Period. 
"CMS Rate 2" shall mean the applicable swap rate for CMS swap transactions, in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page in respect of the CMS Rate 2 as 
at the Specified Time on the Period End Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent 
shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate (as expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Period End Date in question. If two or more of 
the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such quotations, the CMS Rate 
for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the quotations, eliminating, 
where there are more than two quotations available, the highest (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of 
the lowest). If on any Period End Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with such quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the 
CMS Rate shall be the CMS Rate 2 last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of 
the immediately preceding Interest Period. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any Interest 
Period, such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified means: 
(A) 
where the Interest Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
where the Interest Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Interest Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) 
the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Interest Period falling in the 
next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified, means the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (a) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (b) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365);

--- Page 80 ---
76 
 
 
 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling 
in a leap year, 366; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360" is so specified, means the number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] [
]
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 
and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, means the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] [
]
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 81 ---
77 
 
 
 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, means the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] [
]
360
D
D
M
M
30
Y
Y
360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day 
of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D2 will be 30. 
"Designated Maturity" means the time period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Interest Calculation Amount" shall mean the amount specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as 
may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms, as may be 
amended by the terms of such Final Terms in accordance with a Business Day Convention. 
"Interest Period" means each period from, and including, one Period End Date to, but 
excluding, the next following applicable Period End Date except that (a) the initial Interest 
Period will commence on, and include, the Interest Commencement Date and (b) the final 
Interest Period will end on, but exclude, the Maturity Date of the relevant Notes. 
"Margin" shall mean the amount or percentage, as the case may be, specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Maximum Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Period End Dates" each date specified in the relevant Final Terms as such, provided 
that if no Period End Dates are so specified, each Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 82 ---
78 
 
 
 
"Rate Determination Date" means the rate determination date as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Rate of Interest" the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means, in relation to CMS Rates (i) where the Reference Currency is 
Euro, the principal Eurozone office of five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, 
(ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five leading 
swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is 
United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers in 
the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, 
the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the Relevant 
Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case as selected by the Issuer. 
"Reference Currency" means each currency specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Reference Rate" means, in relation to any CMS-Linked Interest Notes, the rate set out 
in the relevant Final Terms; and in relation to Linear Interpolation where Screen Rate 
Determination applies, means the rate set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Regular Period" means an Interest Period, provided that for the purposes of 
determining the Regular Period, the first and the last Interest Periods shall be disregarded. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed 
leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating Euro interest 
rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing 
on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the 
floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is 
equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the 2006 ISDA Definitions) 
with a Designated Maturity determined by the Calculation Agent after 
consultation with the Issuer by reference to standard market practice and/or 2006 
ISDA Definitions; and 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency, the Reference Currency 
Mid-market Swap Rate as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
"sub unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect 
to euro, one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes and Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note and Fixed to Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest 
to (but excluding), (i) in the case of Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, the Fixed Rate End Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, and (ii) in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, the

--- Page 83 ---
79 
 
 
 
Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. Interest will be payable in arrear 
on the Interest Payment Date(s) as are specified in the relevant Final Terms and (i) in the 
case of Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, the Fixed Rate End Date and (ii) in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes, the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period 
ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect 
of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes and Fixed to Floating Rate Notes (up to but 
excluding the Fixed Rate End Date) which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by 
such Global Note; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes and Fixed to Floating Rate Notes (up to but 
excluding the Fixed Rate End Date) in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note 
or a Fixed to Floating Rate Note (up to but excluding the Fixed Rate End Date) in 
definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Fixed Rate Note or Fixed to Floating Rate Note (up to but excluding the 
Fixed Rate End Date) shall be the product of (i) the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above for the Calculation Amount) and (ii) the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
(c) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Reset Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Reset Note bears interest:  
(i)  
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) at the rate per annum equal 
to the Initial Interest Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) to (but excluding) the Second Reset Date (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) or, if none, the Maturity Date (the "First Reset Period") at the rate 
per annum equal to the First Reset Rate; and  
(iii)  
if applicable, from (and including) the Second Reset Date (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) to (but excluding) the first Subsequent Reset Date (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, if any), and each successive period from 
(and including) any Subsequent Reset Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date ((as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, if any) or, if none, the Maturity Date (each 
a "Subsequent Reset Period") at the rate per annum equal to the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate,  
in each case rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up 
to and including the Maturity Date. 
Once the Rate of Interest is determined for a Reset Period, the provisions of Condition 
4(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes and Fixed to Floating Rate Notes) shall apply to Fixed 
Rate Reset Notes, as applicable, as if the Fixed Rate Reset Notes were Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 84 ---
80 
 
 
 
In this Condition 4(c): 
"First Reset Rate" means the sum of the Reset Margin (as specified in the Final Terms) 
and the Reset Rate for the First Reset Period, subject to any amendments resulting from 
Condition 4(i) (Reference Rate Replacement); 
"Fixed Reset Rate Relevant Screen Page" means the display page on the relevant service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) as specified in the applicable Final Terms or such 
other page as may replace it on that information service, or on such other equivalent 
information service as determined by the Issuer, for the purpose of displaying the relevant 
swap rates for swap transactions in the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to 
the Reset Period; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing 
on that Reset Date, the rate for the Reset Date of, in the case of semi-annual or annual 
Interest Payment Dates, the semi-annual or annual swap rate, respectively (with such semi-
annual swap rate to be converted to a quarterly rate in accordance with market convention, 
in the case of quarterly Interest Payment Dates) for swap transactions in the Specified 
Currency with a maturity equal to that of the relevant Swap Rate Period, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Fixed Reset Rate Relevant Screen Page as of 
approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on 
such Rate Determination Date. If such rate does not appear on the Fixed Reset Rate 
Relevant Screen Page, the Mid-Swap Rate for the Reset Date will be the Reset Reference 
Bank Mid-Swap Rate for the Reset Period; 
"Reference Bond" means, in relation to a Reset Period, a government security or 
securities issued by the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer as having an actual 
or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period that would be utilised, 
at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and 
of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period;  
"Reference Bond Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period 
commencing on that Reset Date, the gross redemption yield (as calculated by an 
international financial institution or international credit institution appointed by the Issuer 
to act as financial adviser (the "Financial Adviser") in accordance with generally 
accepted market practice at such time and advised by the Financial Adviser to the Issuer 
and the Calculation Agent) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted to an 
annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places) of the Reference 
Bond in respect of that Reset Period, with the price of the Reference Bond for this purpose 
being the arithmetic average (rounded up (if necessary) to the nearest 0.001 per cent. 
(0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered prices of such Reference 
Bond quoted by the Reset Reference Banks at 3:00 p.m. (London time) to the Financial 
Adviser on the relevant Reset Date on a dealing basis for settlement on the next following 
Business Day in London. If at least four quotations are provided, the Reference Bond Rate 
will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the lowest) as determined by the Financial Adviser. If only 
two or three quotations are provided, the Reference Bond Rate will be the rounded 
arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, the 
Reference Bond Rate will be the rounded quotation provided. If no quotations are 
provided, the Rate of Interest shall not be determined by reference to the Reference Bond 
Rate and the Rate of Interest shall instead be, in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest, 
the Initial Rate of Interest and, in the case of any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date (though substituting, where a different 
Reset Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Reset Period, the Reset Margin relating to the relevant Reset Period, in 
place of the Reset Margin relating to that last preceding Reset Period);

--- Page 85 ---
81 
 
 
 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent 
Reset Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable;  
"Reset Determination Time" means the time specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reset Margin” means, in respect of each Reset Period, the relevant Margin specified in 
the applicable Final Terms;  
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as the case 
may be; 
"Reset Rate" means (a) if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Mid-Swap Rate and (b) if Reference Bond Rate is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Reference Bond Rate; 
"Reset Reference Bank Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset 
Period commencing on that Reset Date, a percentage equal to the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.0001 per cent. 
(0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the quotations provided by the Reset 
Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent of the rates at which swaps in the Specified 
Currency are offered by it at approximately the Reset Determination Time on the Rate 
Determination Date to participants in the swap market for the Specified Currency with an 
equivalent maturity to the Swap Rate Period. If at least three quotations are provided, the 
rate for the Reset Date will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest) as determined by the Calculation Agent. If 
only two quotations are provided, it will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. 
If only one quotation is provided, it will be the quotation provided. If no quotations are 
provided, the Mid-Swap Rate will be the Mid-Swap Rate for the immediately preceding 
Reset Period or, if none, the last observable Mid-Swap Rate, prior to the relevant Reset 
Date, with a term equal or nearest to the relevant Reset Period which appears on the Fixed 
Reset Rate Relevant Screen Page, as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
"Reset Reference Banks" means: 
(i)  
in the case of the calculation of a Reset Reference Bank Mid-Swap Rate, if Mid-
Swap Rate is specified as the Reset Rate in the applicable Final Terms, five 
leading swap dealers in the interbank market for swap transactions in the 
Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset Period as selected by 
the Issuer; or 
(ii)  
in the case of a Reference Bond Rate, five banks which are (A) primary 
government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues selected by the Issuer; 
"Subsequent Reset Rate" means the sum of the applicable Reset Rate and the Reset 
Margin (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Rate Determination Date, subject to any amendments resulting from 
Condition 4(i) (Reference Rate Replacement); and 
"Swap Rate Period" means the period in the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes, Fixed to Floating Rate Notes or CMS-Linked Interest 
Notes 
Floating Rate Notes and CMS-Linked Interest Notes shall bear interest from their Interest 
Commencement Date, and Floating to Fixed Rate Notes shall bear interest from and 
including the Fixed Rate End Date, at the rate or rates per annum specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Such interest will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the dates 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Determination Date" or, if not so specified as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent promptly before the Interest Payment Date) and will

--- Page 86 ---
82 
 
 
 
be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) as are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and on the Maturity Date. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes, and from and including the Fixed 
Rate End Date in respect of Fixed Floating Rates Notes, payable on any Interest Payment 
Date shall be determined in accordance with the provisions below relating to ISDA 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of CMS-Linked Interest Notes payable on any Interest 
Payment Date shall be determined in accordance with the provisions below relating to 
CMS-Linked Interest Rate. Unless the Final Terms provide otherwise, the amount of 
interest payable on any Interest Payment Date (the "Interest Amount") will be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, Fixed to Floating Rate Notes (from and 
including the Fixed Rate End Date) or CMS-Linked Interest Notes which are 
represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the 
Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, Fixed to Floating Rate Notes (from and 
including the Fixed Rate End Date) or CMS-Linked Interest Notes in definitive 
form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note, 
Fixed to Floating Rate Note (from and including the Fixed Rate End Date) or CMS-Linked 
Interest Notes in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of (i) the amount (determined 
in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and (ii) the amount by which 
the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding. 
The Rate of Interest applicable to Notes for each Interest Period shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
If "Screen Rate Determination" is specified as "Applicable – Term Rate" in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
the Final Terms shall specify which Relevant Screen Page on the Reuters 
screen or any other information vending service shall be applicable; 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for deposits (or, as the case 
may require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for deposits (rounded, if 
necessary, to the ten thousandth of a percentage point, five one hundred 
thousandth being rounded upwards)) in the relevant currency for a period 
of the duration of the relevant Interest Period on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the time at which it is customary to determine such rate 
(being 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) in the case of EURIBOR) (the 
"Relevant Determination Time") on the Rate Determination Date; 
(C) 
if, on any Rate Determination Date, no such rate for deposits so appears 
(or, as the case may require, if fewer than two such rates for deposits so 
appear) or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation 
Agent will request appropriate quotations and will determine the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the rates at which deposits in 
the relevant currency are offered by four major banks in the London 
interbank market (or, in the case of EURIBOR, in the Euro zone 
interbank market), selected by the Issuer, at approximately the Relevant 
Determination Time on the Rate Determination Date to prime banks in 
the London interbank market (or, in the case of EURIBOR, in the Euro

--- Page 87 ---
83 
 
 
 
zone interbank market) for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest 
Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time; 
(D) 
if, on any Rate Determination Date, only two or three rates are so quoted, 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
aforesaid) of the rates so quoted; 
(E) 
if fewer than two rates are so quoted, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by four major banks in 
the financial centre in which the relevant currency originates (for the 
purposes of the euro, this will mean any financial centre of a Member 
State of the European Union that has adopted the Euro in accordance with 
the Treaty), selected by Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. in such 
financial centre on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans 
to leading European banks in the relevant currency for a period of the 
duration of the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the 
relevant time; and 
(F) 
the Calculation Agent shall then add or subtract (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
provided that, if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate (or, as the 
case may be, an arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid)) in accordance with the 
above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the applicable Rate of Interest 
will be the rate as determined in accordance with Condition 4(i) (Reference Rate 
Replacement), provided that, if no such rate can be determined in accordance 
with Condition 4(i) (Reference Rate Replacement) or if Reference Rate 
Replacement is not specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
the applicable Rate of Interest will be the rate (or, as the case may be, the 
arithmetic mean) last determined in relation to such Notes in respect of the last 
preceding Interest Period, and further provided always that if there is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms a Minimum Rate of Interest or a Maximum Rate of 
Interest then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be less than or, as the case may 
be, exceed it, and further provided that where a different Margin is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the 
Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period. 
As used herein "Euro zone" means the zone comprising the Member States of 
the European Union which have adopted the Euro as their lawful currency in 
accordance with the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. 
(ii) 
If "Screen Rate Determination" is specified as "Applicable – Overnight Rate" in 
the relevant Final Terms and the "Overnight Reference Rate" is specified as 
Compounded Daily SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
As used herein: 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" will be, with respect to an Interest Period the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Rate 
Determination Date: 
(1)  
if "Index Determination" is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, as follows:

--- Page 88 ---
84 
 
 
 
ቆ𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1ቇx 365
𝑑𝑐 
(2) 
if "Index Determination" is specified as being not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (or if "Index Determination" is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms but such screen rate or index is 
not available at the relevant time on the SONIA Index Determination 
Date): 
(A) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-out" is 
specified as the Observation Method, as follows, with the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴௜ି௣௅஻஽ x 𝑛௜
365
൰
ௗ೚
௜ୀ ଵ
−1቏x 365
𝑑 
(B) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method (or if "Index Determination" is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms but such screen 
rate or index is not available at the relevant time on the SONIA 
Index Determination Date), as follows, with the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴௜ x 𝑛௜
365
൰
ௗ೚
௜ୀ ଵ
−1቏x 365
𝑑 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" 
or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period 
or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method) the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"dc" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which SONIA IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to 
which SONIA IndexEnd is determined; 
"do", is (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as 
the Observation Method) for any Interest Period, the number of London Banking 
Days in the relevant Interest Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms 
"Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) for any SONIA Observation 
Period, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant SONIA Observation 
Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Days in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-out" 
is specified as the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest Period or (where 
in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the 
relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London;

--- Page 89 ---
85 
 
 
 
"ni" is, for any London Banking Day "i", the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
London Banking Day; 
"SONIA Index Value” means, in relation to a SONIA Index Determination Date, 
the Compounded SONIA Index value as published by the administrator of 
SONIA via authorised distributors at or around 12:30 p.m. (London time) on such 
relevant SONIA Index Determination Date and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is 
published by such authorised distributors); 
"SONIA IndexStart", with respect to an Interest Period, means the SONIA Index 
Value for the day which is is "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period (a “SONIA Index Determination Date"); 
"SONIA IndexEnd", with respect to an Interest Period, means the SONIA Index 
Value for the day which is "p" London Banking Days prior to (A) the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period, or (B) such other date on which the 
relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation 
of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period) (each, a “SONIA 
Index Determination Date"); 
"SONIA Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include 
the Interest Commencement Date (or in the case of Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, 
the Fixed Rate End Date)) and ending on, but excluding the date which is "p" 
London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period 
(or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable);  
"p" means the whole number specified as the Observation Look-back Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, such number representing a number of London 
Banking Days and which shall not be specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
less than five without the prior agreement of the Calculation Agent; 
the "SONIA rate", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such 
London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors 
(on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day);  
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method, "SONIAi-pLBD" means: 
(a) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Period, the SONIA rate for the London Banking Day falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
(b)  
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method, the SONIA rate determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) above, except that in respect of each London Banking Day 
"i" falling on or after the "Lock-out date" specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, where no "Lock-out date" is specified, five London Banking 
Day Days prior to each relevant Interest Payment Date) until the end of 
each relevant Interest Period, the SONIA rate determined in accordance 
with paragraph (a) above in respect of such "Lock-out date"; and

--- Page 90 ---
86 
 
 
 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method, "SONIAi" means in respect any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant 
SONIA Observation Period, the SONIA rate for that London Banking Day "i". 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant SONIA Observation 
Period or the relevant Interest Period (as the case may be), the Calculation Agent 
determines that the SONIA rate is not available or has not been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors, the Calculation Agent will determine such 
SONIA rate as being: (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the 
mean of the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
London Banking Days on which a SONIA rate has been published, excluding the 
highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those 
spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only 
of those spreads) to the Bank Rate. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing paragraphs of this Condition 4(d)(ii) by the Calculation Agent, the Rate 
of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Rate Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Rate Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series 
of Notes for the first Interest Period (which, for the purposes of Fixed to Floating 
Rate Notes shall be deemed to start (and include) the Fixed Rate End Date) had 
the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date or, in the 
case of Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, the Fixed Rate End Date (including applying 
the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 5 (Events of Default), in respect of Notes to which this Condition 4(d)(ii) 
applies, the final Rate Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Rate 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the 
date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on 
such Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remain outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
(iii) 
If "Screen Rate Determination" is specified as "Applicable – Overnight Rate" in 
the relevant Final Terms and 
(1) 
the "Overnight Reference Rate" is specified as Compounded Daily SOFR, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be Compounded Daily SOFR plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin; or 
(2) 
the "Overnight Reference Rate" is specified as Average SOFR, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
Average SOFR plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin. 
As used herein: 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" will be, with respect to an Interest Period the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Secured

--- Page 91 ---
87 
 
 
 
Overnight Financing Rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Rate Determination Date: 
(1)  
if "Index Determination" is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, as follows: 
ቆ𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1ቇx 360
𝑑𝑐 
(2) 
if "Index Determination" is specified as being not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (or if "Index Determination" is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms but such screen rate or index is 
not available at the relevant time on the SOFR Index Determination Date): 
(A) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-out" is 
specified as the Observation Method, as follows, with the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅௜ି௣௎ௌ஻஽ x 𝑛௜
360
൰
ௗ೚
௜ୀ ଵ
−1቏x 360
𝑑 
(B) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method (or if "Index Determination" is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms but such screen 
rate or index is not available at the relevant time on the SOFR 
Index Determination Date), as follows, with the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅௜ x 𝑛௜
360
൰
ௗ೚
௜ୀ ଵ
−1቏x 360
𝑑 
"Average SOFR" will be, in relation to any Interest Period, the arithmetic mean 
of "SOFRi" and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Rate 
Determination Date: 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as 
the Observation Method, as follows, with the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
⎣
⎢
⎢
⎢
⎢
⎢
⎢
⎡
𝑑
⎦
⎥
⎥
⎥
⎥
⎥
⎥
⎤
 x 360
𝑑 
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method, as follows, with the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
෍𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷x 𝑛
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1

--- Page 92 ---
88 
 
 
 
⎣
⎢
⎢
⎢
⎢
⎢
⎡
𝑑
⎦
⎥
⎥
⎥
⎥
⎥
⎤
 x 360
𝑑 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" 
or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period 
or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method) the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
"dc" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to 
which SOFR IndexEnd is determined; 
"do", is (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as 
the Observation Method) for any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period or (where in the 
applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) for any 
SOFR Observation Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day (where in the 
applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method) in the relevant Interest Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms 
"Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period; 
"ni" is, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day; 
"p" means the whole number specified as the Observation Look-back Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, such number representing a number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days and which shall not be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as less than five without the prior agreement of the 
Calculation Agent; 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method, "SOFRi-pUSBD" means: 
(a) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in 
the relevant Interest Period, the SOFR for the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; 
(b)  
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method, the SOFR determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) above, except that in respect of each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i" falling on or after the "Lock-out date" 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, where no "Lock-out date" is 
specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Day Days prior to 
each relevant Interest Payment Date) until the end of each relevant

--- Page 93 ---
89 
 
 
 
Interest Period, the SOFR determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
above in respect of such "Lock-out date"; and 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method, "SOFRi" means in respect any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i" in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR for that U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i"; 
"USBD" means any U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
"Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System currently at http://www.federalreserve.gov, or any 
successor website; 
"New York City Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in New York City; 
"New York Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any 
successor website; 
"OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in relation to an OBFR Index 
Cessation Event, the date on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or 
any successor administrator of the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate) ceases to 
publish the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate or the date as of which the daily 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate may no longer be used; 
"OBFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events:  
(i) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate) 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to publish or provide the daily 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
publish or provide a daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate;  
(ii) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the 
daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate) has ceased or will cease to provide 
the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to publish or provide the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate; 
or  
(iii) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official sector entity 
prohibiting the use of the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate that applies 
to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, including existing swap 
transactions; 
"SIFMA" means the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association or 
any successor thereto; 
"SOFR" means:  
(i) 
in relation to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR 
Determination Date"), the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
published at or around 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the New York 
Federal Reserve's Website on the next succeeding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for trades made on such SOFR Determination 
Date;

--- Page 94 ---
90 
 
 
 
(ii) 
if the rate specified in paragraph (i) above is not so published, and a 
SOFR Index Cessation Event and SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date 
have not both occurred, the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate in 
respect of the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which 
such rate was published on the New York Federal Reserve's Website;  
(iii) 
if the rate specified in paragraph (i) above is not so published, and a 
SOFR Index Cessation Event and SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date 
have both occurred, "SOFR" in relation to such SOFR Determination 
Date shall be the rate that was recommended as the replacement for the 
daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate by the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York for the purpose of recommending a 
replacement for the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate (which rate 
may be produced by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or other 
designated administrator, and which rate may include any adjustments or 
spreads); provided, however, that, if no such rate has been recommended 
within one U.S. Government Securities Business Day of the SOFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date, then: 
(1) 
subject to paragraph (2) below, "SOFR" in relation to each 
SOFR Determination Date falling on or after the SOFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date shall be equal to the rate determined in 
accordance with (i) or (ii) above (as applicable) but as if: 
(aa) 
references in this Condition 4(d)(iii) to "U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day" were to "New 
York City Banking Day" but so that, in the case of the 
Interest Period in which the SOFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date occurred: 
(A) 
for the purposes of determining Compounded 
Daily SOFR, "do" shall be construed so that it 
means the aggregate of (x) the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in such 
Interest Period up to (but excluding) the SOFR 
Index Cessation Effective Date and (y) the 
number of New York City Banking Days in 
such Interest Period from (and including) the 
SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date, and "i" 
shall be construed accordingly); and 
(B) 
for the purposes of determining Average 
SOFR, "Average SOFR" shall be construed so 
that it means the arithmetic mean of (x) SOFRi 
in effect for each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in such Interest Period up to (but 
excluding) 
the 
SOFR 
Index 
Cessation 
Effective Date and (y) SOFRi in effect for each 
New York City Banking Day in such Interest 
Period from (and including) the SOFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date, and the definition of 
"Average 
SOFR" 
shall 
be 
construed 
accordingly); 
(bb) 
references to "daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate" 
were to the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate; 
(cc) 
references to "SOFR Index Cessation Event" were 
references to "OBFR Index Cessation Event"; and

--- Page 95 ---
91 
 
 
 
(dd) 
references to "SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date" 
were references to "OBFR Index Cessation Effective 
Date"; and 
(2) 
if the rate specified in paragraph (1) above is not so published 
and an OBFR Index Cessation Event and an OBFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have both occurred, then, in relation to 
each SOFR Determination Date falling on or after the later of 
the SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date and the OBFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date, "SOFR" shall be equal to the rate 
determined in accordance with (i) above but as if: 
(aa) 
references in this Condition 4(d)(iii) to "U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day" were to "New 
York City Banking Day" (but so that, in the case of the 
Interest Period in which the SOFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date occurred: 
(A) 
for the purposes of determining Compounded 
Daily SOFR, "do" shall be construed so that it 
means the aggregate of (x) the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in such 
Interest Period up to (but excluding) the SOFR 
Index Cessation Effective Date and (y) the 
number of New York City Banking Days in 
such Interest Period from (and including) the 
SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date, and "i" 
shall be construed accordingly); and 
(B) 
for the purposes of determining Average 
SOFR, "Average SOFR" shall be construed so 
that it means the arithmetic mean of (x) SOFRi 
in effect for each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in such Interest Period up to (but 
excluding) 
the 
SOFR 
Index 
Cessation 
Effective Date and (y) SOFRi in effect for each 
New York City Banking Day in such Interest 
Period from (and including) the SOFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date, and the definition of 
"Average 
SOFR" 
shall 
be 
construed 
accordingly); and 
(bb) 
the reference in paragraph (i) above to the "daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate published at or 
around 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the New 
York Federal Reserve's Website on the next succeeding 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day for trades 
made on such SOFR Determination Date" were a 
reference to the short-term interest rate target set by the 
Federal Open Market Committee, as published on the 
Federal Reserve's Website and as prevailing on such 
SOFR Determination Date, or if the Federal Open 
Market Committee has not set a single rate, the mid-
point of the short-term interest rate target range set by 
the Federal Open Market Committee, as published on 
the Federal Reserve's Website and as prevailing on such 
SOFR Determination Date (calculated as the arithmetic 
average of the upper bound of the target range and the 
lower bound of the target range, rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest second decimal place with 0.005 being 
rounded upwards);

--- Page 96 ---
92 
 
 
 
"SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in relation to a SOFR Index 
Cessation Event, the date on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or 
any successor administrator of the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate) 
ceases to publish the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or the date as of 
which the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate may no longer be used; 
"SOFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events:  
(i) 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate) 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to publish or provide the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
publish or provide a daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate;  
(ii) 
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the 
daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to publish or provide the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate; or  
(iii) 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official sector entity 
prohibiting the use of the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate that 
applies to, but need not be limited to, all swap transactions, including 
existing swap transactions;  
"SOFR Index Value" with respect to any SOFR Index Determination Date, 
means the SOFR index value as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate) 
as such index appears on the New York Federal Reserve's Website at or around 
3.00 p.m. (New York time) on such SOFR Index Determination Date; 
"SOFR IndexStart", with respect to an Interest Period, means the SOFR Index 
Value for the day which is is "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to the first day of such Interest Period (a "SOFR Index Determination Date"); 
"SOFR IndexEnd", with respect to an Interest Period, means the SOFR Index 
Value for the day which is "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to (A) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or (B) such other date 
on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or 
the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period) 
(each, a "SOFR Index Determination Date"); 
"SOFR Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date which is "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period 
shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date (or in the case of 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, the Fixed Rate End Date)) and ending on, but 
excluding the date which is "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable); and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which SIFMA recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in 
U.S. government securities.

--- Page 97 ---
93 
 
 
 
The Issuer may at any time, following consultation with an independent financial 
institution of international repute or other independent financial adviser 
experienced in the international debt capital markets (in each case appointed by 
the Issuer at its own expense), specify such changes to paragraph (iii) of the 
definition of "SOFR" set out in this Condition 4(d)(iii) as it determines are reasonably 
necessary to ensure the proper operation and comparability to the Overnight 
Reference Rate of rates determined in accordance with such paragraph, which 
changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 4(d)(iii)). Promptly, but in any event no later 
than five Business Days prior to the relevant Rate Determination Date, following 
the determination of such change the Issuer shall give notice thereof to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices). No consent of the Noteholders, holders of Talons or Couponholders 
shall be required in connection with effecting the relevant changes, including for 
the execution of any documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of 
the parties to the Fiscal Agency Agreement (if required).  
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing paragraphs of this Condition 4(d)(iii) by the Calculation Agent, the 
Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Rate 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Rate Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Period (which, for the 
purposes of Fixed to Floating Rate Notes shall be deemed to start (and include) 
the Fixed Rate End Date) had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration 
to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date or, in the case of Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, the Fixed 
Rate End Date (including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 5 (Events of Default), in respect of Notes to which this Condition 
4(d)(iii) applies, the final Rate Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any 
Rate Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to 
be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest 
on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remain outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
(iv) 
If "Screen Rate Determination" is specified as "Applicable – Overnight Rate" in 
the relevant Final Terms and the "Overnight Reference Rate" is specified as 
Compounded Daily €STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin. 
As used herein: 
"Compounded Daily €STR" will be, with respect to an Interest Period the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Euro Short-Term 
Rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on each Rate Determination Date: 
(1)  
if "Index Determination" is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, by reference to the screen rate or index administered by the 
administrator of the Euro Short-Term Rate reference rate that is 
published or displayed by such administrator or other information service

--- Page 98 ---
94 
 
 
 
from time to time at the relevant time on the Rate Determination Date, as 
further specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
if "Index Determination" is specified as being not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (or "Index Determination" is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms but such screen rate or index is 
not available at the relevant time on the Rate Determination Date): 
(A) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-out" is 
specified as the Observation Method, as follows, with the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅௜ି௣்ௌ஽ x 𝑛௜
360
൰
ௗ೚
௜ୀ ଵ
−1቏x 360
𝑑 
(B) 
where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method, as follows, with the resulting percentage 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth 
of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅௜ x 𝑛௜
360
൰
ௗ೚
௜ୀ ଵ
−1቏x 360
𝑑 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" 
or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period 
or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method) the relevant €STR Observation Period; 
"do", is (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as 
the Observation Method) for any Interest Period, the number of TARGET 
Settlement Days in the relevant Interest Period or (where in the applicable Final 
Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) for any €STR Observation 
Period, the number of TARGET Settlement Days in the relevant €STR 
Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Days in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Settlement Day (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-
out" is specified as the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest Period or 
(where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method) the relevant €STR Observation Period; 
"ni" is, for any TARGET Settlement Day "i", the number of calendar days from, 
and including, such TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
following TARGET Settlement Day; 
"p" means the whole number specified as the Observation Look-back Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, such number representing a number of TARGET 
Settlement Days and which shall not be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as less than five without the prior agreement of the Calculation Agent; 
"€STR Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date which is "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the 
first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and 
include the Interest Commencement Date (or in the case of Fixed to Floating Rate

--- Page 99 ---
95 
 
 
 
Notes, the Fixed Rate End Date)) and ending on, but excluding the date which is 
"p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and payable);  
"TARGET Settlement Day" or "TSD" means any day on which the TARGET 
System is open for payments in Euro; 
"TARGET System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) system which was launched 
on 19 November 2007 or any successor thereto; 
"€STR Reference Rate" means, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Euro Short-Term Rate ("€STR") for such 
TARGET Settlement Day as provided by the European Central Bank, as 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on the 
website of the European Central Bank initially at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or 
any successor website officially designated by the European Central Bank (the 
"ECB's Website") (in each case, at the time specified by, or determined in 
accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines on the 
TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement 
Day);  
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the 
Observation Method, "€STRi-pTSD" means: 
(a) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Period, the €STR Reference Rate for the TARGET Settlement 
Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day "i"; 
(b)  
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method, the €STR Reference Rate determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) above, except that in respect of each 
TARGET Settlement Day "i" falling on or after the "Lock-out date" 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, where no "Lock-out date" is 
specified, five TARGET Settlement Day Days prior to each relevant 
Interest Payment Date) until the end of each relevant Interest Period, the 
€STR Reference Rate determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
above in respect of such "Lock-out date"; 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method, "€STRi" means in respect any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the 
relevant €STR Observation Period, the €STR Reference Rate for that TARGET 
Settlement Day "i". 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not published on a TARGET Settlement Day as 
specified above, and the Issuer has confirmed to the Calculation Agent that both 
an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
have occurred, the rate for each TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant 
Observation Period occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the rate 
(inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that was recommended as the 
replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by 
the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for the 
purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced 
by the European Central Bank or another administrator) (the "ECB 
Recommended Rate"), provided that, if no such rate has been recommended 
before the end of the first TARGET Settlement Day following the date on which

--- Page 100 ---
96 
 
 
 
the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, then the rate for each TARGET 
Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring on or after such 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if, references to 
"€STR" were references to the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the 
deposit facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the 
Eurosystem, as published on the ECB's Website (the "EDFR") on such TARGET 
Settlement Day plus the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR 
Reference Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Settlement Days 
immediately preceding the date confirmed by the Issuer as being the date on 
which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred provided further that, if the 
Issuer confirms to the Calculation Agent that both an ECB Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Effective Date subsequently have occurred, then the rate for each TARGET 
Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring on or after that ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to "€STR" were references to the EDFR on such TARGET Settlement 
Day plus the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB 
Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Settlement Days 
immediately preceding the date confirmed by the Issuer as being the date on 
which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing paragraphs of this Condition 4(d)(iv) by the Calculation Agent, the Rate 
of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Rate Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Rate Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series 
of Notes for the first Interest Period (which, for the purposes of Fixed to Floating 
Rate Notes shall be deemed to start (and include) the Fixed Rate End Date) had 
the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date or, in the 
case of Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, the Fixed Rate End Date (including applying 
the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
As used in these Conditions: 
"€STR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide €STR; or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the 
currency of €STR, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, which states that the 
administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide €STR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or

--- Page 101 ---
97 
 
 
 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide €STR; 
"€STR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR); 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of 
one or more of the following events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has 
ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
the publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the 
central bank for the currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; and 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect 
of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the 
ECB Recommended Rate is longer provided. 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 5 (Events of Default), in respect of Notes to which this Condition 
4(d)(iv) applies, the final Rate Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any 
Rate Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to 
be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest 
on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remain outstanding, be that 
determined on such date. 
(v) 
If "ISDA Determination" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Final Terms will specify a "Floating Rate Option", a "Designated 
Maturity" and a "Reset Date" and the Calculation Agent will calculate the Rate 
of Interest in accordance with the provisions of the 2006 ISDA Definitions plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
(vi) 
If "Linear Interpolation" is specified to be applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen 
Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), or 
the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if 
the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall 
be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided however that, if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate in 
accordance with the above provisions in relation to the period of time next shorter

--- Page 102 ---
98 
 
 
 
or, as the case may be, next longer, the applicable rate will be the rate as 
determined in accordance with Condition 4(i) (Reference Rate Replacement), 
provided that, if no such rate can be determined in accordance with Condition 
4(i) (Reference Rate Replacement) or if Reference Rate Replacement is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the applicable rate 
will be the rate last determined in relation to such period or if there is no such 
preceding Interest Period, the sum of the Margin and the rate had the Notes been 
in issue for a period equal to the duration to the scheduled first Interest Period 
(which, for the purposes of Fixed to Floating Rate Notes shall be deemed to start 
(and include) the Fixed Rate End Date) but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (or, in the case of Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, the Fixed 
Rate End Date), provided always that if there is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms a Minimum Rate of Interest or a Maximum Rate of Interest at the relevant 
time then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be less than or, as the case may be, 
exceed it and further provided that where a different Margin is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period. 
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vii) 
If "CMS-Linked Interest Rate" is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be determined as set out 
below according to which of the following Reference Rates is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable and: 
(A) 
where "CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
(B) 
where "CMS Steepener Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
(Leverage 1 x CMS Rate 1) – (Leverage 2 x CMS Rate 2) + Margin 
(C) 
where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
Leverage 1 x CMS Rate + Margin 
(D) 
where "CMS Reference Rate Spread" is specified as the Reference Rate 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2 + Margin 
(E) 
where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate Spread" is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent using the following formula: 
[Leverage 1 x (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2)] + Margin

--- Page 103 ---
99 
 
 
 
(viii) 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, if the Rate of Interest is 
less than zero, the Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a "Minimum Rate of Interest" for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms is less than such 
Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a "Maximum Rate of Interest" for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms is greater than such 
Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Maximum Rate of Interest.  
Where Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable and the Calculation Agent is unable to determine the applicable Rate of Interest 
at the relevant time, the applicable Rate of Interest will be the rate as determined in 
accordance with Condition 4(i) (Reference Rate Replacement), provided that, if no such 
rate can be determined in accordance with Condition 4(i) (Reference Rate Replacement) 
or if Reference Rate Replacement is not specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the applicable Rate of Interest will be the rate as last applied in relation to the 
Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. 
(e) 
Additional Provisions related to the Interest Amount 
(i) 
Minimum Interest Amount and/or Maximum Interest Amount 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Interest Amount for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Interest Amount in respect of such Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the manner specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is less than such Minimum Interest Amount, the Interest Amount for such 
Interest Period shall be such Minimum Interest Amount. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Interest Amount for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Interest Amount in respect of such Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the manner specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is greater than such Maximum Interest Amount, the Interest Amount for 
such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Interest Amount. 
(ii) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which 
the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount is to be determined, determine the Rate 
of Interest or the Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest 
Amount") payable on the Notes, in respect of each Specified Denomination for 
the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated in 
accordance with the terms above. 
(iii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
the provisions of these Conditions, whether by the Calculation Agent or any other 
person performing such duties as may be assigned to them from time to time 
pursuant to these Conditions and any applicable Final Terms, shall (in the absence 
of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Agents and all Noteholders 
and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent or the

--- Page 104 ---
100 
 
 
 
Calculation Agent (if applicable) in connection with the exercise or non exercise 
by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(f) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such 
Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment 
of principal and/or delivery of all assets deliverable is improperly withheld or refused. In 
such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid and/or all 
assets deliverable in respect of such Note have been delivered; and (ii) five days after the 
date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Note has been 
received by the Fiscal Agent and/or all assets in respect of such Note have been received 
by any agent appointed by the Issuer to deliver such assets to Noteholders and notice to 
that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
(g) 
Interest Supplemental Provision 
This Condition shall be applicable (as appropriate) in relation to all Notes which are 
interest bearing. 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest, Interest Payment Date, final day 
of an Interest Period, Interest Amount, or any other item related to the calculation of 
interest, as the case may be, determined or calculated by it to be notified to the Fiscal 
Agent who will cause them to be notified to the Issuer, the other Paying Agents and, in 
the case of Registered Notes, the Registrar (from whose respective specified offices such 
information will be available) and each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation, as soon as practicable after such determination or calculation has been notified 
to it but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) 
in any event not later than the fourth London Business Day after such notification has been 
received. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to amend any Interest Amount, floating 
amount, Interest Payment Date or last day of an Interest Period (or to make appropriate 
alternative arrangements by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of the 
extension or abbreviation of any relevant Interest Period or Regular Period. If the 
Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation 
Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only 
the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum 
Specified Denomination. For the purposes of this Condition 4 (Interest), "London 
Business Day" shall mean any day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of all items falling to be determined by it 
shall, in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error, be final and binding on 
all parties. 
(h) 
Calculations and determinations to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4 (Interest), whether by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, shall (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, any other agents as may be appointed in respect to any 
Series of Notes and all relevant Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(i) 
Reference Rate Replacement 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
(A) 
Independent Adviser

--- Page 105 ---
101 
 
 
 
If:  
(a)  
Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable; and  
(b)  
the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer determines 
that a Benchmark Event or Benchmark Transition Event has occurred when any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to the Original Reference Rate,  
then the following provisions shall apply to the relevant Series of Notes:  
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to 
determine, or to advise the Issuer in determining, a Successor Reference Rate, Alternative 
Reference Rate or Benchmark Replacement (as applicable) and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (as applicable) and any other amendments 
to the terms of the Notes (including, without limitation, any Benchmark Amendments or 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes), all in accordance with this Condition 4(i) 
in conjunction with: 
(1) 
if "Reference Rate Replacement" is specified as "Applicable – General" in the 
relevant Final Terms, Condition 4(i)(ii); 
(2) 
if "Reference Rate Replacement" is specified as "Applicable – SOFR" in the 
relevant Final Terms, Condition 4(i)(iii). 
In making such determination, the Issuer shall act in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence of fraud, the Issuer and the Independent 
Adviser, as applicable, shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it, any 
variation of these Conditions or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any 
determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 4(i). 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in accordance with this Condition 
4(i), the Issuer, acting in good faith, may still make any determinations and/or any 
amendments contemplated by and in accordance with this Condition 4(i) (with the relevant 
provisions in this Condition 4(i) applying mutatis mutandis to allow such determinations 
or amendments to be made by the Issuer without consultation with an Independent 
Adviser).  
Where this Condition 4(i) applies, without prejudice to the definitions set out herein, for 
the purposes of making any determination contemplated by this Condition 4(i), the Issuer 
will take into account any relevant and applicable market precedents and customary 
market usage as well as any published guidance from relevant associations involved in the 
establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital 
markets. 
None of the Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrars or the 
Transfer Agents shall be responsible or liable for any determinations, decisions or 
elections made by the Issuer with respect to any waivers or consequential amendments to 
be effected pursuant to this Condition 4(i) or any other changes and shall be entitled to 
rely conclusively on any determination notified to each of them in this regard. 
(B) 
Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(i), no Successor Reference Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate or Benchmark Replacement (as applicable) will be adopted, 
and no other amendments to the terms of any Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes 
will be made pursuant to this Condition 4(i), if and to the extent that, in the determination 
of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to:

--- Page 106 ---
102 
 
 
 
in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
(i)  
prejudice the qualification of such Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities; 
and/or  
(ii)  
result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating the next Interest 
Payment Date as the effective maturity of such Notes, rather than the 
relevant Maturity Date, 
in respect of the Subordinated Notes, 
(i) 
impact upon the eligibility of the Subordinated Notes for eligibility as 
Tier 2 Notes; and/or 
(ii)  
result in the Competent Authority considering such adoption and/or 
amendment(s) as a new issuance of the Subordinated Notes. 
Solely in respect of Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities and Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes, any 
amendment to the Conditions pursuant to this Condition 4(i) is subject to the prior written 
permission of the Competent Authority and/or Relevant Resolution Authority (provided 
that, at the relevant time, such permission is required to be given). 
(C) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 4(i): 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i)  
the relevant Original Reference Rate has ceased to be published on for a period 
of at least 5 Business Days or as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be 
calculated or administered or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii)  
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Original Reference Rate 
that it has ceased, or will cease, publishing such Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator 
has been appointed that will continue publication of such Original Reference 
Rate); or 
(iii)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Original 
Reference Rate that such Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently 
or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which such Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v)  
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Original 
Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); or 
(vi) 
if “Pre-cessation Trigger” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, an official announcement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
relevant Original Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, (a) such 
Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of an underlying market or 
(b) the methodology to calculate such Original Reference Rate has materially 
changed,

--- Page 107 ---
103 
 
 
 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (ii) and (iii) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, 
(b) in the case of paragraph (iv) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original 
Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (vi) above (when applicable), on the 
date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be 
deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying 
market and which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case if 
different, not the date of the relevant public statement (each such date, a "Benchmark 
Replacement Date") 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Relevant Benchmark (or any component part 
thereof) (as defined in Condition 4(i)(iii)): 
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Relevant Benchmark (or such component) announcing that 
such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Relevant Benchmark 
(or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Relevant Benchmark (or such component); 
(ii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Relevant Benchmark (or such component), the central 
bank for the currency of the Relevant Benchmark (or such component), an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Relevant 
Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Relevant Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an 
entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for 
the Relevant Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator 
of the Relevant Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Relevant Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Relevant Benchmark 
(or such component); or 
(iii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Relevant Benchmark (or such component) announcing 
that the Relevant Benchmark (or such component) is no longer representative,  
provided that the Benchmark Transition Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of 
subparagraphs (i) and (ii) above, on the later of (x) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (y) the date on which the administrator 
of the Relevant Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the Relevant Benchmark (or such component), or (b) in the case of sub-paragraph 
(iii) above, on the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein (each such date, a "Benchmark Replacement Date"); 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (including, but not 
limited to, EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA and SOFR), CMS Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as 
applicable) specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) on the Notes. 
(ii) 
Reference Rate Replacement – General  
This Condition 4(i)(ii) shall only apply if "Reference Rate Replacement" is specified as 
"Applicable – General" in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 108 ---
104 
 
 
 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to any Original Reference Rate when any Rate of 
Interest (or component thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply. 
(1) 
If the Independent Adviser, or the Issuer following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if appointed), determines, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, no later than five Business Days prior to the 
immediately next Rate Determination Date (or other date on which the Rate of 
Interest is fixed for a new Interest Period or other period) (the "Fallback 
Determination Cut-Off Date") that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Reference Rate, then such Successor Reference Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place 
of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(i)); or 
(B) 
 there is no Successor Reference Rate but that there is an Alternative 
Reference Rate, then such Alternative Reference Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 4(i)). 
If a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is not determined 
pursuant to the operation of this Condition 4(i)(ii) on or before the relevant 
Fallback Determination Cut-Off Date then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest 
Period (or similar period by reference to which interest is fixed) shall be 
determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 4(a), 4(c) or 4(d) 
(as applicable) above, provided that any subsequent Interest Period(s) (or similar 
period by reference to which interest is fixed) shall be subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4(i)(ii). 
(2) 
If a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) is determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) in accordance with Condition 4(i)(ii)(1):  
(A) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) shall be the Original Reference Rate for all future payments 
of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4(i));  
(B)  
if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and determines to the best of its knowledge and capability (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to such Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) for all future payments 
of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(i)); 
and  
(C)  
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its 
discretion specify:  
(x)  
changes to these Conditions in order to follow market practice 
in relation to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), including, but not limited to (1) 
Additional Business Center(s), Additional Financial Center(s),

--- Page 109 ---
105 
 
 
 
Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, 
Rate Determination Date, Period End Date, Reset Date, Reset 
Determination Time, Specified Time, Reset Reference Banks, 
Fixed Reset Rate Relevant Screen Page, Reference Banks and/or 
Relevant Screen Page applicable to the Notes and (2) the method 
for determining the fallback to the Rate of Interest in relation to 
the Notes if such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) is not available; and  
(y)  
any other changes which the relevant Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines are reasonably necessary to 
ensure the proper operation and comparability to the Original 
Reference Rate of such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable),  
(the "Benchmark Amendments") which changes shall apply to the 
Notes for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 4(i)(ii)); and  
(D)  
promptly following the determination of (i) any Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (ii) if applicable, 
any Adjustment Spread, but in any event not later than the Fallback 
Determination Cut-Off Date, the Issuer shall give notice thereof, and of 
any variation of the Conditions to give effect to any Benchmark 
Amendments pursuant to Condition 4(i)(ii)(2)(C) (and the effective date 
thereof), to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
No consent of the Noteholders, holders of Talons or Couponholders shall be 
required in connection with effecting the relevant Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread (as applicable) as described in 
this Condition 4(i)(ii) or such variation of the Conditions to give effect to any 
Benchmark Amendments pursuant to Condition 4(i)(ii)(2)(C), including for the 
execution of any documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of 
the parties to the Fiscal Agency Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Registrars, the Transfer Agents and the Paying 
Agents shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect such waivers and 
consequential amendments to the Fiscal Agency Agreement and these Conditions 
as may be required to give effect to this Condition 4(i)(ii) provided that the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Registrars, the Transfer Agents and the Paying 
Agents shall not be obliged to effect any Benchmark Amendment if in the sole 
opinion of the relevant Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Registrars, the 
Transfer Agents and the Paying Agents doing so would impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the relevant 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Registrars, the Transfer Agents and the 
Paying Agents in these Conditions and/or the Fiscal Agency Agreement in any 
way..  
As used in this Condition 4(i)(ii): 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, which the relevant Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is required to be applied to a 
Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is 
the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i)  
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in 
relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such 
Successor Reference Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or

--- Page 110 ---
106 
 
 
 
(ii)  
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate for which no such 
recommendation has been made or in the case of an Alternative 
Reference Rate, the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in 
customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable); or  
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the 
relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the rate that the relevant Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines has replaced the Reference Rate 
in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest in respect of notes denominated 
in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest 
Periods, or, if such Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
that there is no such rate, such other rate as such Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines in its discretion is most comparable to the Reference 
Rate; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 
4(i)(ii)(2)(C); 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark and screen rate 
(as applicable): 
(i)  
the central bank for the currency to which such benchmark and screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of such 
benchmark and screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to 
which the benchmark and screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark and screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof; and 
"Successor Reference Rate" means the rate that the relevant Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is a successor to or replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
(iii) 
Reference Rate Replacement – SOFR  
This Condition 4(i)(iii) shall only apply to U.S. dollar-denominated Notes and if 
"Reference Rate Replacement" is specified as "Applicable – SOFR" in the relevant Final 
Terms, notwithstanding the definitions of business day, OBFR, OBFR Index Cessation 
Date, OBFR Index Cessation Event, SOFR, SOFR Index Cessation Date, SOFR Index 
Cessation Event, and U.S. Government Securities Business Day.

--- Page 111 ---
107 
 
 
 
If a Benchmark Transition Event occurs in relation to any Original Reference Rate when 
any Rate of Interest (or component thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply. 
(A)  
Subject to Condition 4(i)(iii)(B), if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, 
following consultation with its Independent Adviser, no later than five Business 
Days prior to the Rate Determination Date, as applicable, relating to the next 
Interest Period (the "Determination Cut-Off Date") determines the Benchmark 
Replacement for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 4(i)(iii) during any other future Interest Period(s)), then such 
Benchmark Replacement shall be the Original Reference Rate for all future 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4(i)(iii) 
during any other future Interest Period(s)).  
(B)  
Notwithstanding Condition 4(i)(iii)(A), if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, 
following consultation with its Independent Adviser, determines prior to the 
Determination Cut-Off Date that no Benchmark Replacement exists then the 
relevant Rate of Interest shall be determined using the Relevant Benchmark (or 
component parts thereof) last displayed on the relevant screen prior to the relevant 
Rate Determination Date, as applicable (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest specified in 
the applicable Final Terms is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the last preceding Interest Period). This Condition 4(i)(iii)(B) 
shall apply to the relevant Interest Period only. Any subsequent Interest Period(s) 
shall be subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 4(i)(iii). 
(C) 
The Independent Adviser or the Issuer, in consultation with the Independent 
Adviser, (as applicable) (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) may in its discretion specify:  
(x)  
changes to these Conditions in order to follow market practice in relation 
to such Benchmark Replacement (as applicable), including, but not 
limited to (1) Additional Business Center(s), Additional Financial 
Center(s), Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, 
Rate Determination Date, Period End Date, Specified Time, Reference 
Banks and/or Relevant Screen Page applicable to the Notes and (2) the 
method for determining the fallback to the Rate of Interest in relation to 
the Notes if such Benchmark Replacementis not available; and  
(y)  
any other changes which the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer, 
in consultation with the Independent Adviser, (as applicable) determines 
are reasonably necessary to ensure the proper operation and 
comparability to the Original Reference Rate of such Benchmark 
Replacement (as applicable),  
(the "Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes") which changes shall 
apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 4(i)(iii) during any other future Interest Period(s))). 
(D)  
Promptly following the determination of (i) any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) 
if applicable, any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, but in any event not later 
than the Determination Cut-Off Date, the Issuer shall give notice thereof, and of 
any variation of the Conditions to give effect to any Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Change pursuant to Condition 4(i)(iii)(C) (and the effective date 
thereof), to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices).

--- Page 112 ---
108 
 
 
 
(D) 
No consent of the Noteholders, holders of Talons or Couponholders shall be 
required in connection with effecting the relevant Benchmark Replacement or 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (as applicable) as described in this 
Condition 4(i)(iii) or such variation of the Conditions to give effect to any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Change pursuant to Condition 4(i)(iii)(C), 
including for the execution of any documents or the taking of other steps by the 
Issuer or any of the parties to the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Registrars, the Transfer Agents and the Paying Agents shall, at the direction and 
expense of the Issuer, effect such waivers and consequential amendments to the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required to give effect 
to this Condition 4(i)(iii) provided that the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Registrars, the Transfer Agents and the Paying Agents shall not be obliged to 
effect any Benchmark Replacement Adjustments if in the sole opinion of the 
relevant Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Registrars, the Transfer Agents 
and the Paying Agents doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it 
or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or 
amend the protective provisions afforded to the relevant Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Registrars, the Transfer Agents and the Paying Agents in 
these Conditions and/or the Fiscal Agency Agreement in any way. 
(E)  
As used in this Condition 4(i)(iii): 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer, following consultation with its 
Independent Adviser: 
(a)  
the sum of (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement 
for the then-current Relevant Benchmark for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(b)  
the sum of (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
(c)  
the sum of (a) the alternate rate that has been selected by the Issuer, in 
consultation with the Independent Adviser, as the replacement for the 
then-current Relevant Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding 
Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate as a 
replacement for the then-current Relevant Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in 
the order below that can be determined by the Issuer, following consultation with 
its Independent Adviser: 
(a)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(b)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Spread Adjustment; 
(c)  
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
determined by the Issuer, following consultation with its Independent 
Adviser, giving due consideration to any industry accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Relevant Benchmark

--- Page 113 ---
109 
 
 
 
with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time;  
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" has the meaning given 
thereto in Condition 4(i)(iii)(C). 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor 
(including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding 
business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-current Relevant 
Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate to be effective upon the occurrence of a 
SOFR Index Cessation Event according to (and as defined in) the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, where such rate may have been adjusted for an overnight tenor, but 
without giving effect to any additional spread adjustment to be applied according 
to such 2006 ISDA Definitions; 
"ISDA Spread Adjustment" means the spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that shall have been selected by ISDA as the spread 
adjustment that would apply to the ISDA Fallback Rate; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System and/or the NY Federal Reserve or a committee officially endorsed 
or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the 
NY Federal Reserve, or any successor; 
"Relevant Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded Daily SOFR or Average 
SOFR (as defined in Condition 4(d)(iii) (as applicable), provided that if a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to Compounded Daily SOFR or Average SOFR or the then-
current Relevant Benchmark, then "Relevant Benchmark" means the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
5. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
5.1 
Senior Preferred Notes Events of Default 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms the events or circumstances specified in (a) 
through (e) (each an "Event of Default") shall be acceleration events in relation to the Senior 
Preferred Notes of any Series that are not intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, namely: 
(a) 
the Issuer defaults in any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Senior Preferred 
Notes of the relevant Series or any of them as and when the same shall become due and 
payable and such default shall not have been cured within 15 days after written notice 
requiring such default to be remedied has been given by a Senior Preferred Noteholder of 
the relevant Series to the Issuer; or 
(b) 
the Issuer defaults in the performance of any provision of the Fiscal Agency Agreement 
or of the Senior Preferred Notes of the relevant Series (other than the payment of principal 
or interest) and such default is not cured within 30 days after written notice requiring such 
default to be remedied has been given by a Senior Preferred Noteholder of the relevant 
Series to the Issuer; or 
(c) 
the Issuer is dissolved or wound up or if the Issuer enters into a composition with its 
creditors, files a petition for a suspension of payments, admits in writing that it cannot pay 
its debts generally as they become due, initiates a proceeding in bankruptcy, or is 
adjudicated bankrupt; or

--- Page 114 ---
110 
 
 
 
(d) 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of the principal of or interest on any obligations in 
respect of borrowed moneys of or assumed by the Issuer, or if default is made by the Issuer 
in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation 
to obligations in respect of borrowed moneys (other than guarantees given in the ordinary 
course of carrying on its banking business), when and as the same shall become due and 
payable, if such default shall continue for more than the period of grace, if any, applicable 
thereto and the time for payment of such interest or principal or amount due under any 
guarantee and/or indemnity as aforesaid has not been effectively extended or if any such 
obligations in respect of borrowed moneys of or assumed by the Issuer shall have become 
repayable before the due date thereof as a result of acceleration of maturity by reason of 
the occurrence of an event of default thereunder. In this sub-paragraph (d) "borrowed 
moneys" means borrowed moneys of an original maturity of 24 months or more, which 
have an outstanding nominal amount of the equivalent of Euro 10 million or more; or 
(e) 
the Issuer becomes or is found bankrupt or an order was made or an effective resolution 
was passed for the statutory merger (juridische fusie), de-merger (splitsing), winding up 
or liquidation (vereffening) of the Issuer (except for the purposes of a reconstruction or 
merger, the terms of which have previously been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution 
(as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) of the Senior Preferred Noteholders of the 
relevant Series) or becomes the subject of a filing for a declaration (which is not revoked 
within a period of 30 days), or the Issuer compromises with the creditors generally or such 
measures are officially decreed. 
If any Event of Default shall occur in relation to any Series of Senior Preferred Notes, any Senior 
Preferred Noteholder of the relevant Series may, by written notice to the Issuer, effective when 
deemed validly given and received in accordance with Condition 14.3 (Notices – To the Issuer) 
(the "Notification Date"), declare that such Senior Preferred Note and (if the Senior Preferred Note 
is interest bearing) all interest then accrued on such Senior Preferred Note shall be forthwith due 
and payable, whereupon the same shall become immediately due and payable at its Early 
Redemption Amount, together with all interest (if any) accrued thereon without presentment, 
demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which the Issuer will expressly waive, anything 
contained in such Senior Preferred Notes to the contrary notwithstanding, unless, prior to such 
Notification Date, all Events of Default in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes of the relevant 
Series shall have been cured. 
5.2 
Limited Remedies in case of Non-Payment under Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes 
In the case of the Winding-Up of the Issuer (other than done in connection with a merger, 
consolidation or other form of combination with another company and such company assumes all 
obligations contracted by the Issuer in connection with the Senior Preferred Notes intended to 
qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Notes), the 
Holder of any Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or a Subordinated Notes shall have a claim which ranks as provided in 
Condition 2.1 (in respect of Senior Preferred Notes), Condition 2.2 (in respect of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) or Condition 2.3 (in respect of Subordinated Notes) for an amount equal to the 
principal amount of such Notes together with any accrued and unpaid interest to the date of 
payment. However, such Holders may not themselves petition for the bankruptcy of the Issuer or 
for its moratorium or dissolution. 
Save as provided above, the sole remedy available to Holders of such Senior Preferred Notes 
intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated 
Notes shall be to institute proceedings against the Issuer to demand specific performance 
(nakoming eisen) of any such obligation of the Issuer under or arising from such Senior Preferred 
Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or 
Subordinated Notes or the relative Coupons, including, without limitation, payment of any 
principal or premium or satisfaction of any interest payments in respect of the Senior Preferred 
Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or 
Subordinated Notes or the relative Coupons, in each case when not satisfied for a period of 14 or 
more days after the date on which such payment is due, but in no event shall the Issuer, by virtue

--- Page 115 ---
111 
 
 
 
of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums, in cash or otherwise, 
sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as referred to in Condition 2 and this Condition 5.2, shall 
be available to the Holders of Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes, whether for the recovery of 
amounts owing in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes or the relative coupons or in 
respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes or the relative Coupons. 
6. 
TAXATION 
All amounts payable (whether in respect of principal, redemption amount, interest or otherwise) in 
respect of the Notes will be made free and clear of and without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of The Netherlands or any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein 
or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes or duties is 
required by law or by the administration or official interpretation thereof at the initiative of the 
relevant tax authority of the Issuer. In that event, the Issuer will, depending on which provision is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, either: 
(a) 
make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes or duties for the account of the 
holders of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, and shall not pay any additional 
amounts to the holders of the Notes or Coupons; or 
(b) 
pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts receivable 
by any Noteholder or Couponholder after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts which would have been receivable by such Noteholder in the absence 
of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
in respect of payment in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment: 
(i) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior 
Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities only, of any 
amount of principal or any other amounts other than interest; or 
(ii) 
by, or by a third party on behalf of, a holder of a Bearer Note who is liable to 
such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having 
some connection with The Netherlands other than the mere holding of such 
Bearer Note or Coupon; or 
(iii) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that the relevant 
holder would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting the 
same for payment on the expiry of such period of 30 days; or 
(iv) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed pursuant to FATCA; or 
(v) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the 
Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
In addition no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of payment in respect of any 
Registered Note, the holder of which is liable to such taxes or duties by reason of his having some 
connection with The Netherlands other than the mere holding of such Registered Note or who is 
able to avoid such withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non residence or other 
similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, the "Relevant Date" means, in respect of any payment, the 
date on which such payment first becomes due and payable, but if the full amount of the moneys 
payable has not been received by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the first 
date on which, the full amount of such moneys have been so received and are available for payment 
to Noteholders and Couponholders, in which case notice to that effect shall have been duly given 
to the Noteholders of the relevant Series in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices).

--- Page 116 ---
112 
 
 
 
If the Issuer is or becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, in respect of tax on its net income) other than or in addition to The Netherlands, 
references herein to "The Netherlands" shall be read and construed as references to The 
Netherlands and/or to such other jurisdiction. 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal, redemption amount and/or interest in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed also to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under this 
Condition 6 (Taxation). 
7. 
PAYMENTS 
7.1 
Payments on Bearer Notes 
This Condition 7.1 (Payments on Bearer Notes) is applicable in relation to Notes in bearer form. 
Payment of amounts (whether principal, redemption amount or otherwise and including accrued 
interest other than interest due against surrender of matured Coupons) due in respect of Bearer 
Notes will be made against presentation and (save in the case of a partial redemption) surrender of 
the relevant Bearer Notes at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents. 
Subject as provided above, payment of amounts due in respect of interest on Bearer Notes will be 
made: 
(a) 
in the case of a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note, against presentation 
of the relevant Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note at the specified office 
of any of the Paying Agents outside the United States and, in the case of a Temporary 
Global Note, upon due certification as required therein; 
(b) 
in the case of Definitive Notes without Coupons attached thereto at the time of their initial 
delivery, against presentation of the relevant Definitive Notes at the specified office of 
any of the Paying Agents outside the United States; and 
(c) 
in the case of Definitive Notes delivered with Coupons attached thereto at the time of their 
initial delivery, against surrender of the relevant Coupons at the specified office of any of 
the Paying Agents outside the United States. 
Payments of amounts due in respect of interest on the Notes will not be made at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent in the United States (as defined in the United States Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 and Regulations thereunder) unless (a) payment in full of amounts due in respect of interest 
on such Notes when due at all the specified offices of the Paying Agents outside the United States 
is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions, and (b) such 
payment is permitted by applicable United States law. If payment of interest is so illegal or 
precluded, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a further Paying Agent with a specified office in New 
York City. 
If the due date for payment of any amount due (whether in respect of principal, redemption amount, 
interest or otherwise) in respect of any Bearer Note is not a Payment Business Day in the place of 
presenting, the holder thereof will not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until 
the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and no further payment shall be due in 
respect of such delay save in the event that there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with 
these Conditions. 
Each Definitive Note initially delivered with Coupons attached thereto should be presented and, 
save in the case of partial payment, surrendered for final redemption together with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto, failing which: 
(i) 
in the case of Definitive Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate or rates, the amount of 
any missing unmatured Coupons (or, in the case of a payment not being made in full, that 
portion of the amount of such missing Coupon which the redemption amount paid bears 
to the total redemption amount due) (excluding, for this purpose, Talons) will be deducted 
from the amount otherwise payable on such final redemption, the amount so deducted 
being payable against surrender of the relevant Coupon at the specified office of any of

--- Page 117 ---
113 
 
 
 
the Paying Agents at any time prior to the tenth anniversary of the due date of such final 
redemption or, if later, the fifth anniversary of the date of maturity of such Coupon; 
(ii) 
in the case of Definitive Notes which bear interest at, or at a margin above or below, a 
floating rate, all unmatured Coupons (excluding, for the purpose, Talons) relating to such 
Definitive Notes (whether or not surrendered therewith) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made thereafter in respect of them; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Definitive Notes initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, all 
unmatured Talons shall become void and no exchange for Coupons shall be made 
thereafter in respect of them. 
The provisions of paragraph (i) of this Condition 7.1 (Payments on Bearer Notes) notwithstanding, 
if any Definitive Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate or rates should be issued with a maturity 
date and a fixed rate or fixed rates such that, on the presentation for payment of any such Definitive 
Note without any unmatured Coupons attached thereto or surrendered therewith, the amount 
required by paragraph (i) to be deducted would be greater than the amount otherwise due for 
payment, then, upon the due date for redemption of any such Definitive Note, such unmatured 
Coupons (whether or not attached) shall become void (and no payment shall be made in respect 
thereof) as shall be required so that, upon application of the provisions of paragraph (i) in respect 
of such Coupons as have not so become void, the amount required by paragraph (i) to be deducted 
would not be greater than the amount otherwise due for payment. Where the application of the 
foregoing sentence requires some but not all of the unmatured Coupons relating to a Definitive 
Note to become void, the relevant Paying Agent shall determine which unmatured Coupons are to 
become void, and shall select for such purpose Coupons maturing on later dates in preference to 
Coupons maturing on earlier dates. 
In relation to Definitive Notes initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, on or after the due 
date for the payment of interest on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, 
the Talon comprised in the Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (including any appropriate further Talon), subject to 
the provisions of Condition 7.3 (General provisions applicable to payments) below. Each Talon 
shall, for the purposes of these Conditions, be deemed to mature on the due date for the payment 
of interest on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
7.2 
Payments on Registered Notes 
This Condition 7.2 (Payments on Registered Notes) is applicable in relation to Notes in registered 
form. 
Payment of amounts (whether principal, redemption amount, interest or otherwise and including 
accrued interest) due in respect of Registered Notes on the final redemption of Registered Notes 
will be made against presentation and, save in the case of a partial payment of the amount due upon 
final redemption by reason of insufficiency of funds, surrender of the relevant Registered Notes at 
the specified office of the Registrar. If the due date for payment of the final redemption amount of 
Registered Notes is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presenting, the holder thereof will 
not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment 
Business Day in such place and no further payment shall be due in respect of such delay save in 
the event that there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with these Conditions. 
Payment of amounts (whether principal, redemption amount, interest or otherwise) due (other than 
in respect of the final redemption of Registered Notes) in respect of Registered Notes will be paid 
to the holders thereof (or, in the case of joint holders, the first named) as appearing in the Register 
kept by the Registrar as at opening of business in the Registrar City on the fifteenth Registrar 
Business Day before the due date for such payment (the date of such determination being the 
"Record Date"). The Registrar shall notify the Fiscal Agent of the identity of the holders of the 
relevant Registered Notes, as determined in accordance with this paragraph, as soon as possible 
following such determination and in any event, at least 10 Registrar Business Days prior to the 
relevant payment date and the Fiscal Agent shall as soon as possible inform the Issuer and such 
other parties as appropriate. For the purposes of this Condition 7.2 (Payments on Registered Notes), 
"Registrar City" shall mean the city in which the Registrar is located for the purposes of the

--- Page 118 ---
114 
 
 
 
relevant Series of Notes and "Registrar Business Day" will mean a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the Registrar City. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 7.3 (General provisions applicable to payments), 
payment of amounts (whether principal, redemption amount, interest or otherwise) due (other than 
in respect of a final redemption of Registered Notes) in respect of Registered Notes will be made 
by cheque and posted to the address (as recorded in the Register held by the Registrar) of the holder 
thereof (or, in the case of joint holders, the first named) on the London, Amsterdam or, as the case 
may be, New York Business Day immediately preceding the relevant date for payment unless prior 
to the relevant Record Date the holder thereof (or, in the case of joint holders, the first named) has 
applied to the Registrar and the Registrar has acknowledged such application for payment to be 
made to a designated account in the relevant currency. 
7.3 
General provisions applicable to payments 
Save as otherwise specified herein, this Condition 7.3 (General provisions applicable to payments) 
is applicable in relation to Notes whether in bearer or in registered form. 
Save as provided in Condition 6 (Taxation), payments will be subject in all cases to any other 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment or other laws and regulations 
to which the Issuer is subject and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations or agreements, including any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to FATCA. 
Payments of amounts due (whether principal, redemption amount, interest or otherwise) in respect 
of Notes will be made by (a) transfer to an account in the relevant currency specified by the payee 
or (b) cheque. Payments will, without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (General 
Conditions Related to Redemption and Purchase), be subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal 
or other laws and regulations. 
All payments in respect of a Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to these 
Conditions, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Individual Note Certificate or Coupon 
will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest 
accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any 
Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is 
made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that the payment is noted in a schedule 
thereto or, in respect of an NGN, that the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
In the case of a Global Note, the place of presentation of the relevant Note or, as the case may be, 
Coupon shall be disregarded in the definition of "Payment Business Day" in Condition 7.2 
(Payments on Registered Notes). 
In the case of a Global Registered Note: 
(a) 
the relevant Registrar City shall be disregarded from the definition of "Registrar Business 
Day" in Condition 7.2 (Payments on Registered Notes); and 
(b) 
the definition of "Record Date" in Condition 7.2 (Payments on Registered Notes) shall be 
disregarded and replaced with "as at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) 
on the Clearing System Business Day before the due date for payment (where "Clearing 
System Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global 
Registered Note is being held is open for business).

--- Page 119 ---
115 
 
 
 
7.4 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
6 (Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the amortised face amount; and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes, 
and shall be deemed to exclude any amount of written down or converted (if any) pursuant to 
Condition 8.12 (Statutory Loss Absorption and Recapitalisation). 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 
6 (Taxation). 
8. 
GENERAL CONDITIONS RELATED TO REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
8.1 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed, written down, converted or purchased and cancelled, Notes shall be 
redeemed at their nominal amount (or at such other redemption amount as may be specified in or 
determined in accordance with the relevant Final Terms) (such amount the "Final Redemption 
Amount") on the date or dates (or, in the case of Notes which bear interest at a floating rate of 
interest, on the date or dates upon which interest is payable) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
8.2 
Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons (Tax Call) 
Unless "Tax Call" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as "Not Applicable", if, in relation to 
any Series of Notes, on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of such Notes (i) as a result 
of any change in the laws or regulations of The Netherlands or of any political subdivision thereof 
or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or in the interpretation or 
administration of any such laws or regulations which becomes effective on or after the date of issue 
of such Notes or any earlier date specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer would (A) be 
required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 6 (Taxation) or (B) the Issuer will not 
obtain full or substantially full relief for the purposes of Dutch corporation tax for any interest 
payable in respect of the Notes and (ii) such circumstances are evidenced by the delivery by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent of a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the said 
circumstances prevail and describing the facts leading thereto and an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that such circumstances prevail, the Issuer may, at its 
option having given no less than thirty nor more than sixty days' notice (ending, in the case of 
Notes which bear interest at a floating rate, on a day upon which interest is payable) to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem 
all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes comprising the relevant Series at their nominal 
amount (or at such other redemption amount as may be specified in or determined in accordance 
with the relevant Final Terms), together with accrued interest (if any) thereon provided, however, 
(and except in the case of Notes which bear interest at a floating rate) that no such notice of 
redemption may be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would 
be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
With respect to Subordinated Notes which qualify as Tier 2 Notes, the Issuer must (i) obtain the 
prior permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77(1) CRR and (ii) have

--- Page 120 ---
116 
 
 
 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that it meets the conditions in Article 
78 CRR, which may include the replacement of the Subordinated Notes with own funds 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the 
Issuer. The Competent Authority may only permit the Issuer to redeem the Subordinated Notes at 
any time within five years after the Issue Date if, without prejudice to this Condition 8.2, there is 
a change in the applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes which the Issuer demonstrates 
to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at 
the time of their issuance. 
The Fiscal Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, for monitoring or ascertaining 
as to whether any certificates required by Condition 8.2 are provided, nor shall it be required to 
review, check or analyse any certificates produced nor shall it be responsible for the contents of 
any such certificates or incur any liability in the event the content of such certificates are inaccurate 
or incorrect. 
With respect to Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, the 
Issuer must (i) obtain the prior permission of the Relevant Resolution Authority pursuant to Article 
77(2) CRR and (ii) comply with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such 
redemption as may be required by the Relevant Resolution Authority, Competent Authority or the 
Applicable MREL Regulations at such time. 
8.3 
Optional Early Redemption (Issuer Call) 
If this Condition is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "Applicable", then the Issuer 
may, on any Optional Redemption Date, (as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) and 
having given no less than five Business Days’ notice, or such other period(s) as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, redeem all (but not, unless and to the extent that the relevant Final 
Terms specify otherwise, some only), of the Notes of the relevant Series at their nominal amount 
(or such other redemption amount as may be specified in or determined in accordance with the 
relevant Final Terms), together with accrued interest (if any) thereon (the "Optional Redemption 
Amount"). 
If the Subordinated Notes qualify as Tier 2 Notes, the Issuer must (i) obtain prior permission of the 
Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77(1) CRR and (ii) have demonstrated to the satisfaction 
of the Competent Authority that it meets the conditions in Article 78 CRR, which may include the 
replacement of the Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer. 
With respect to Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, the Issuer must (i) obtain prior permission of the Relevant Resolution 
Authority pursuant to Article 77(2) CRR and (ii) comply with any other pre-conditions to, or 
requirements applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL Regulations at such time. 
The appropriate notice is a notice given by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and the Registrar (in case 
of Registered Notes) and the Noteholders of the relevant Series, which notice shall be signed by 
two authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall specify: 
(a) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(b) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part only, the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series which are to be redeemed; 
(c) 
the due date for such redemption, as determined in accordance with the terms of the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount. 
Any such notice shall be irrevocable, and the delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to make the 
redemption therein specified.

--- Page 121 ---
117 
 
 
 
8.4 
Partial Redemption 
If the Notes of a Series are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 
8.3 (Optional Early Redemption (Issuer Call)): 
(a) 
in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will be drawn 
individually by lot in such European city as the Fiscal Agent may specify, in the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount on 
a pro rata basis, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global 
Note, or, in either case identified in such other manner or in such other place as the Fiscal 
Agent may approve and deem appropriate and fair, subject always to compliance with all 
applicable laws and the requirements of each listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation, and the notice to the Noteholders referred to in Condition 8.3 (Optional 
Early Redemption (Issuer Call)) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be 
redeemed; and 
(b) 
in the case of Registered Notes, the Notes shall be redeemed (so far as may be practicable) 
pro rata to their nominal amounts or, in the case of a Global Registered Note, in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion, subject always as aforesaid 
and provided always that the amount redeemed in respect of each Note shall be equal to 
the minimum denomination thereof or an integral multiple thereof. 
8.5 
Optional Early Redemption (Investor Put) 
With respect to Senior Preferred Notes not intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities only, 
if this Condition is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "Applicable", then the Issuer 
shall, and having been given no less than fifteen Business Days’ prior notice, or such other 
period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, redeem such Senior Preferred Note not 
intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities on the Optional Redemption Date specified in the 
notice by any Senior Preferred Noteholder of the relevant Series at its nominal amount (or such 
other redemption amount as may be specified in or determined in accordance with the relevant 
Final Terms), together with accrued interest (if any) thereon (the "Optional Redemption 
Amount"). It may be that before an Investor Put can be exercised, certain conditions and/or 
circumstances will need to be satisfied. Where relevant, the provisions will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
In order to exercise such option, the Senior Preferred Noteholder must, not less than 45 days before 
the date so specified (or such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), deposit 
the relevant Senior Preferred Note (together, in the case of an interest bearing Definitive Note, with 
any unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto) with, in the case of a Bearer Note, any Paying Agent 
or, in the case of a Registered Note, the Registrar and must deposit a duly completed redemption 
notice in the form which is available upon reasonable request from the specified office of any of 
the Paying Agents or, as the case may be, the Registrar within the applicable Notice Period (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
Where Senior Preferred Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note or Global Registered 
Note, in order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 8.5 (Optional Early Redemption 
(Investor Put)) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Registered Note 
must within the period specified above for the deposit of the relevant Senior Preferred Note and 
redemption notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal 
amount of the Senior Preferred Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such 
notice is irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
8.6 
Redemption for Illegality (Illegality Call) 
With respect to Senior Preferred Notes not intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities only, 
if this Condition is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "Applicable", in the event that

--- Page 122 ---
118 
 
 
 
the Issuer determines in good faith that the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Senior 
Preferred Notes not intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities or that any arrangements 
made to hedge the Issuer's obligations under the Senior Preferred Notes not intended to qualify as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities has or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole 
or in part as a result of compliance with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, 
judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority 
or power, or in the interpretation thereof, the Issuer having given not less than 10 nor more than 30 
days' notice to Senior Preferred Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Senior Preferred Notes not intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, each such Senior 
Preferred Note not intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities being redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
8.7 
Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory purposes of Senior Preferred Notes 
intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
If "MREL Disqualification Event Call" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may 
upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event redeem the Senior Preferred Notes 
intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in whole but not 
in part, at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders, or such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). Additionally, redemption of the Senior Preferred Notes 
intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities and Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject to (i) 
the prior permission of the Relevant Resolution Authority pursuant to Article 77(2) CRR and (ii) 
compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such redemption as 
may be required by the Relevant Resolution Authority, Competent Authority or the Applicable 
MREL Regulations at such time.  
The Issuer will redeem the Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with the Conditions and subject to this Condition 8.7 at 
the Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
If "Substitution or Variation" is specified in the applicable Final Terms and upon the occurrence 
of an MREL Disqualification Event, then the Issuer may, subject to the prior permission of the 
Relevant Resolution Authority pursuant to Article 77(2) CRR (but without any requirement for the 
permission of the Noteholders) and on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable 
notice in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) to such Noteholders, either substitute all, but not 
some only, of the Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or vary the terms of such Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become MREL Compliant Notes. Upon the expiry of the notice referred to above, the Issuer shall 
either vary the terms of, or substitute, the Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities and Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with this Condition 8.7 as the 
case may be. 
Any substitution or variation of the Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities and Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject to compliance with any other pre-conditions 
to, or requirements applicable to, such substitution or variation as may be required by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL Regulations at the relevant 
time. For the avoidance of doubt, the Relevant Resolution Authority may have discretion as to 
whether or not it will permit any such substitution or variation of the Senior Preferred Notes 
intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities and Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
8.8 
Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory purposes of Subordinated Notes 
If "Regulatory Call" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may upon the occurrence 
of a Capital Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes) and/or an MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities) redeem the Subordinated Notes, in whole but not in part, at any time, on giving

--- Page 123 ---
119 
 
 
 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the Subordinated Noteholders, or such 
other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices). 
Redemption of the Subordinated Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to 
qualify as Tier 2 Notes prior to the Capital Event is subject to (i) the prior permission of the 
Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77(1) CRR and (ii) the Issuer demonstrating to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that it meets the conditions in Article 78 CRR, which may 
include requiring the replacement of the Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of equal 
or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer.  
Redemption of the Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities prior to 
the MREL Disqualification Event is subject to (i) the prior permission of the Relevant Resolution 
Authority pursuant to Article 77(2) CRR and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or 
requirements applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL Regulations at such time.  
The Issuer will redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance with the Conditions and subject to 
this Condition 8.8 at the Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
If "Substitution or Variation" is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if a Capital Event (in 
the case of Subordinated Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as 
Tier 2 Notes) and/or an MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities) has occurred 
and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to the prior permission of the Competent Authority 
and/or Relevant Resolution Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR (but without any requirement 
for the permission of the Noteholders) and on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) to the Subordinated Noteholders, 
either substitute all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes or vary the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Tier 2 Compliant Notes (in the 
case of Subordinated Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as Tier 
2 Notes) or MREL Eligible Liabilities (in the case of Subordinated Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities). Upon the expiry of the notice 
referred to above, the Issuer shall either vary the terms of, or substitute, the Subordinated Notes in 
accordance with this Condition 8.8 as the case may be. 
Any substitution or variation of the Subordinated Notes is subject to compliance with any other 
pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such substitution or variation as may be required 
by the Competent Authority, Relevant Resolution Authority, or CRD or such other regulatory 
capital rules applicable to the Issuer or Applicable MREL Regulations at the relevant time. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Competent Authority and/or Relevant Resolution Authority has discretion 
as to whether or not it will permit any such substitution or variation of the Subordinated Notes. 
8.9 
Early Redemption Amounts 
Subject to Condition 8.12 (Statutory Loss Absorption and Recapitalisation) for the purposes of 
Condition 5 (Events of Default), Condition 8.2 (Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons (Tax 
Call)), Condition 8.6 (Redemption for Illegality (Illegality Call)), Condition 8.7 (Redemption, 
substitution and variation for regulatory purposes of Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or Condition 8.8 (Redemption, 
substitution and variation for regulatory purposes of Subordinated Notes) each Note will be 
redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note ) with a Final Redemption Amount 
which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable in a Specified 
Currency other than that in which the Note is denominated, at the amount specified in, or

--- Page 124 ---
120 
 
 
 
determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount 
or manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; 
(c) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
"RP" means the Reference Price; and 
"AY" means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"y" is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360 day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and 
the denominator of which is 360; or 
(d) 
in the case of any other type of Note as may be issued under this Programme, as determined 
by reference to the provisions in the applicable Final Terms; 
or on such other calculation basis as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
8.10 
Purchase of Notes 
The Issuer or any of its consolidated subsidiaries may, subject as provided below, at any time 
purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price provided that, in the case of 
interest bearing Definitive Notes, any unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith. Notes purchased in accordance with this Condition 8.10 (Purchase of Notes) may be 
held, re-issued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent or, in the 
case of Registered Notes, the Registrar for cancellation (provided that, in the case of interest 
bearing Notes, all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto are attached or surrendered therewith). 
The purchase by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes intended to 
qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities shall be subject to (i) the prior permission of the Relevant 
Resolution Authority pursuant to Article 77(2) CRR and (ii) compliance with any other pre-
conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such purchase as may be required by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, Competent Authority or Applicable MREL Regulations at the relevant time.  
The purchase by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of Subordinated Notes specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes shall be subject to (i) the prior 
permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77(1) CRR, and may not take place 
within five years after the Issue Date unless permitted under applicable laws and regulations 
(including CRD as then in effect) and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or 
requirements applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or 
CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time (including 
those set out in Article 78(4) CRR). 
8.11 
Cancellation of Redeemed Notes 
All unmatured Notes redeemed in accordance with this Condition 8 (General Conditions related 
to redemption and purchase) (provided, in the case of interest bearing Notes, that all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto are attached or surrendered therewith) will be cancelled and may not 
be reissued or resold. 
8.12 
Statutory Loss Absorption and Recapitalisation 
Upon any determination by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the application of Statutory Loss 
Absorption or Recapitalisation, and without the consent of the Noteholder, (i) the relevant

--- Page 125 ---
121 
 
 
 
proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of the Notes (including accrued but unpaid interest 
in respect thereof) subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall be reduced, 
redeemed, cancelled, written down (subject to write-up by the Relevant Resolution Authority or 
converted into claims which may give right to Common Equity Tier 1 instruments or otherwise be 
applied to absorb losses, as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, (ii) such Statutory 
Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall not constitute an Event of Default and (iii) Noteholders 
will have no further claims in respect of the amount so written down or the amount subject to 
conversion or otherwise as a result of such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation, including 
with respect to any accrued but unpaid interest on such written down or converted amounts. 
The Issuer shall as soon as practicable give notice to the Agent and the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) that any such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation has 
occurred and of the amount adjusted downwards upon the occurrence of such Statutory Loss 
Absorption or Recapitalisation. Failure to provide such notice will not have any impact on the 
effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, any such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation 
or give Noteholders any rights as a result of such failure. 
Upon any write down or conversion of a proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of the 
Notes, any reference in these Conditions to principal, nominal amount, Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount of the Notes shall be deemed to be to 
the amount resulting after such write down or conversion. 
In addition, subject to the determination by the Relevant Resolution Authority and without the 
consent of the Noteholders, the Notes may be subject to other resolution measures as envisaged 
under the Applicable Resolution Framework, such as replacement or substitution of the Issuer, 
transfer of the Notes, expropriation of Noteholders, modification of the terms of the Notes, 
suspension of any payment or delivery obligations of the issuer under or in connection with the 
Notes (any such suspension, a "Moratorium") and/or suspension or termination of the listings of 
the Notes. Such determination, the implementation thereof and the rights of Noteholders shall be 
as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, which may include the concept that, upon 
such determination, no Noteholder shall be entitled to claim any indemnification or payment in 
respect of any tax or other consequences arising from any such event and that any such event shall 
not constitute an event of default or the occurrence of any event related to the insolvency of the 
Issuer or entitle the Holders to take any action to cause the bankruptcy (faillissement), liquidation 
(liquidatie), dissolution or winding up (ontbinding en vereffening) of the Issuer. 
The occurrence of any Statutory Loss Absorption, Recapitalisation, Moratorium and/or any other 
event as described in this Condition 8.12 shall not constitute an Event of Default. 
9. 
DATE EXTENSION 
(a) 
Maturity Date Extension 
If the applicable Final Terms specify "Maturity Date Extension" as "Applicable", the 
Maturity Date shall be (i) the date specified as the Maturity Date in the applicable Final 
Terms (the "Scheduled Maturity Date") or if later (ii) the day falling the Number of 
Extension Business Days after the final Reference Date in respect of which the Final 
Redemption Amount is determined. If any amount is payable on the redemption of a Note 
to which Maturity Date Extension applies, and the relevant Maturity Date is postponed 
pursuant to a Maturity Date Extension, such amount will be due on the relevant date as so 
postponed without adjustment for any interest or other sum payable as a result of the 
postponement of the payment of such amount. 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date Extension 
If the applicable Final Terms specify "Interest Payment Date Extension" as "Applicable", 
each Interest Payment Date shall be (i) the date specified as such Interest Payment Date in 
the applicable Final Terms (the "Scheduled Interest Payment Date") or if later (ii) the 
day falling the Number of Extension Business Days after the final Reference Date in 
respect of which the Rate of Interest is determined for such Interest Payment Date. If any 
amount is payable on an Interest Payment Date in respect of a Note to which Interest

--- Page 126 ---
122 
 
 
 
Payment Date Extension applies, and such Interest Payment Date is postponed pursuant 
to an Interest Payment Date Extension, such amount will be due on the Interest Payment 
Date as so postponed without adjustment for any interest or other sum payable as a result 
of the postponement of the payment of such amount. 
If in accordance with this Condition 9 (Date Extension) (i) the Maturity Date shall occur after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or (ii) the Interest Payment Date shall occur after the Scheduled Interest 
Payment Date, the Issuer shall at least five Business Days prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or 
the Scheduled Interest Payment Date as applicable, give notice to the holders of the Notes, the 
Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents specifying the extension of such Scheduled Maturity Date or 
Scheduled Interest Payment Date as the case may be in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Notes and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within five years after the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6 (Taxation)) for payment thereof. 
In relation to Definitive Notes initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, there shall not be 
included in any Coupon sheet issued upon exchange of a Talon any Coupon which would be void 
upon issue pursuant to Condition 7.1 (Payments on Bearer Notes) or the due date for the payment 
of which would fall after the due date for the redemption of the relevant Note or which would be 
void pursuant to this Condition 10 (Prescription). 
11. 
THE PAYING AGENTS AND THE REGISTRARS 
The initial Paying Agents and Registrars and their respective initial specified offices are specified 
below. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent 
(including the Fiscal Agent) or the Registrar and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or 
another Registrar, provided that it will at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar, 
(iii) a Paying Agent with a specified office in continental Europe (but outside the United Kingdom), 
(iv), if, and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying 
Agent and a Registrar in any particular place, a Paying Agent and a Registrar each with a specified 
office in the place required by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system and 
(v) in the circumstances described in Condition 7.1 (Payments on Bearer Notes), a Paying Agent 
with a specified office in New York City. The Paying Agents and the Registrar reserve the right at 
any time to change their respective specified offices to some other specified office in the same city. 
Notice of all changes in the identities or specified offices of the Paying Agents or the Registrar will 
be notified promptly to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
The Paying Agents and Registrars act solely as agents of the Issuer and, save as provided in the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement, do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust 
for any Noteholder or Couponholder and each of them shall only be responsible for the 
performance of the duties and obligations expressly imposed upon them in the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement or incidental thereto. 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES 
If any Note, Individual Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, 
it may be replaced at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the 
Registrar, in the case of Registered Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which 
requires the appointment of a Paying Agent of a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Paying 
Agent or the Transfer Agent having its specified office in the place required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of 
the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, 
security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced

--- Page 127 ---
123 
 
 
 
Notes, Individual Note Certificates or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued. 
13. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement contains provisions (which shall have effect as if incorporated 
herein) for convening meetings of the Noteholders of any Series to consider any matter affecting 
their interest, including (without limitation) the modification by Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) of these Conditions. An Extraordinary Resolution passed 
at any meeting of the Noteholders of any Series will be binding on all Noteholders of such Series, 
whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders (if any). 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of at least 90 per cent. of the Noteholders 
who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders under the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in 
writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by 
or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
The Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, holders of 
Talons or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except as mentioned in the paragraph above) of the Notes, the Talons, 
the Coupons or the Fiscal Agency Agreement which in the sole opinion of the Issuer is 
not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Talons, the Coupons or the Fiscal Agency Agreement 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven 
error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law;  
(c) 
in accordance with Condition 8.7 (Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory 
purposes of Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes), substitution of the Senior Preferred Notes intended to 
qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities and Senior Non-Preferred Notes or variation of the 
terms of such Notes in order to ensure that such substituted or varied Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes continue to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities under Applicable MREL 
Regulations; or 
(d) 
in accordance with Condition 8.8 (Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory 
purposes of Subordinated Notes), substitution of the Subordinated Notes or variation of 
the terms of the Subordinated Notes in order to ensure that such substituted or varied 
Subordinated Notes continue to qualify as Tier 2 Notes under CRD or such other 
regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, holders of Talons and Couponholders 
and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Any amendment to Conditions 2 (Status of the Notes), Condition 8.12 (Statutory Loss Absorption 
and Recapitalisation) or which otherwise impacts on the eligibility of: 
(i) 
any Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes as Tier 2 capital as referred to 
in Article 71 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as amended, or any Future Capital 
Requirements Regulations; or 
(ii) 
any Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities as MREL Eligible Liabilities, 
is subject to the (i) the prior permission of the Competent Authority and/or Relevant Resolution 
Authority provided that at the relevant time such permission is required to be given and (ii) 
compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such redemption as 
may be required by the Competent Authority, Relevant Resolution Authority, CRD or the 
Applicable MREL Regulations (as applicable) at such time.

--- Page 128 ---
124 
 
 
 
14. 
NOTICES 
14.1 
To Holders of Bearer Notes 
Notices to holders of Bearer Notes will, save where another means of effective communication has 
been specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
daily newspaper having general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial 
Times) or, if such publication is not practicable, if published in a leading English language daily 
newspaper having general circulation in Europe or, in the case of a Temporary Global Note or 
Permanent Global Note, if delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant clearing system for communication by them to the persons shown in their respective 
records as having interests therein provided that, in the case of Notes admitted to listing and 
trading on Euronext in Amsterdam, the requirements of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. have been 
complied with. Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on the date of first such publication) or, as the case 
may be, on the fourth Business Day after the date of such delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or such other relevant clearing system. Couponholders will be deemed for all 
purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to holders of Bearer Notes in accordance 
with this Condition. 
14.2 
To Holders of Registered Notes 
Notices to holders of Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if (a) published in a 
leading daily newspaper having general circulation in London (which is expected to be the 
Financial Times) or, if such publication is not practicable, if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe, on the date of such publication, or 
(b) sent by first class mail (or equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by air mail to them 
(or, in the case of joint holders, to the first named in the Register kept by the Registrar) at their 
respective addresses as recorded in the Register kept by the Registrar or, in the case of a Global 
Registered Note, to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the 
persons shown in their respective records as having interests therein. Any such notice will be 
deemed to have been validly given on the fourth Business Day after the date of such mailing or, if 
posted from another country, on the fifth such Business Day. 
14.3 
To the Issuer 
Notices to the Issuer will be deemed to be validly given and received if delivered (by courier or 
other form of registered mail or by hand) at Carnegieplein 4, 2517 KJ, The Hague, The Netherlands 
and clearly marked on their exterior "Urgent Attention: Head of Treasury Department" (or at such 
other principal office and for such other attention as may have been notified to the Noteholders in 
the applicable Final Terms or in accordance with this Condition 14 (Notices)) or at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of Registered Notes, the Registrar and will be deemed to 
have been validly given and received when delivered, or if delivered otherwise than during 
business hours or on a day on which the Issuer's principal office or, as the case may be, the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar is not open for business, at the opening of business on 
the next day on which the Issuer's principal office or, as the case may be, the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar is open for business. In the event that such notice is delivered to 
the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, such party shall immediately provide a copy of such notice to the 
Issuer. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may, from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders of any Series, create and 
issue further Notes, bonds or debentures having the same terms and conditions as the Notes of such 
Series in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest, if any, on them 
and/or the denomination thereof) so as to form a single series with the Notes of such Series. 
16. 
CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
The Issuer will indemnify any Noteholder or Couponholder against any loss incurred by such 
Noteholder or Couponholder as a result of any judgment or order by any court for the payment of

--- Page 129 ---
125 
 
 
 
any amount due in respect of the Notes or the filing of any proof or proofs in the winding up or 
liquidation of the Issuer being given or made and such judgment, order or filing being expressed 
in a currency other than the currency in which the Notes are payable and as a result of any variation 
having occurred in rates of exchange between the date as of which the amount in the currency in 
which the Notes are payable is converted for such judgment, order or filing and the date of actual 
payment thereof. 
This indemnity shall constitute a separate and independent obligation from the other obligations 
contained herein, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply 
irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Noteholder or Couponholder from time to time and 
shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any judgment, order or filing. Any such loss 
as aforesaid shall be deemed to constitute a loss suffered by the relevant Noteholder or 
Couponholder and no proof or evidence of any actual loss shall be required by the Issuer. Nothing 
in this Condition shall prevent the Issuer from discharging its obligations in respect of any Note or 
Coupon by making payment in accordance with Condition 7 (Payments). 
17. 
WAIVER AND REMEDIES 
No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of any Noteholder, any right 
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude 
any other or future exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. Rights hereunder shall be in 
addition to all other rights provided by law. No notice or demand given in any case shall constitute 
a waiver of rights to take other action in the same, similar or other instances without such notice 
or demand. 
18. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date 
for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject 
to the provisions of Condition 10 (Prescription). 
19. 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
The Issuer (or any previously substituted company from time to time) shall, without the consent of 
the Noteholders, be entitled at any time to substitute for the Issuer any other company (the 
"Substitute") as principal debtor in respect of all obligations arising from or in connection with 
the Notes provided that (i) at the time of the substitution the Substitute would be able to fulfil all 
payment obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes without any taxes or duties being 
imposed on such payments; (ii) all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and 
done (including the obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Notes represent valid, 
legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute have been taken, fulfilled and done 
and are in full force and effect; (iii) the Substitute shall have assumed all obligations arising from 
or in connection with the Notes and shall have become a party to the Fiscal Agency Agreement, 
with any consequential amendments; (iv) the obligations of the Substitute in respect of the Notes 
shall be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed (the "Guarantee") by the Issuer; (v) each 
stock exchange or listing authority on which the Notes are listed shall have confirmed that 
following the proposed substitution by the Substitute the Notes would continue to be listed on such 
stock exchange; (vi) after permission of the Competent Authority, in case of Subordinated Notes 
intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes, and after permission of the Relevant Resolution Authority in 
the case of Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Suboridinated Noted intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities 
(provided that, at the relevant time, such permission is required to be given); and (v) the Issuer 
shall have given at least 30 days' prior notice of the date of such substitution to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
In respect of any substitution pursuant to this Condition in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes of any Series, the Documents shall provide for such further amendment of the Conditions of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as shall be necessary to ensure that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes

--- Page 130 ---
126 
 
 
 
of such Series constitute statutory senior non-preferred obligations of the Substitute and that the 
Guarantee constitutes a Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligation of the Issuer. 
With respect to Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, the 
Issuer shall be entitled, after written permission of the Relevant Resolution Authority and/or any 
other Competent Authority (provided that, at the relevant time, such permission is required to be 
given) by notice to the Noteholders given in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), at any time 
either to effect a substitution which does not comply with the paragraph above provided that the 
terms of such substitution have been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders 
or to waive all and any rights to effect a substitution of the principal debtor pursuant to this 
Condition. Any such notice of waiver shall be irrevocable. 
In respect of any substitution pursuant to this Condition in respect of the Subordinated Notes of 
any Series, the Documents shall provide for such further amendment of the Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes as shall be necessary to ensure that the Subordinated Notes of such Series 
constitute subordinated obligations of the Substitute and that the Guarantee constitutes a 
subordinated obligation of the Issuer, in each case subordinated to no greater than the same extent 
as the Issuer's obligations prior to its substitution to make payments of principal in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes of such Series under Condition 2.3. 
With respect to Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes, the Issuer shall be entitled, 
after permission of the Competent Authority (provided that, at the relevant time, such permission 
is required to be given) by notice to the Noteholders given in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices), at any time either to effect a substitution which does not comply with the paragraph 
above provided that the terms of such substitution have been approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders or to waive all and any rights to effect a substitution of the principal 
debtor pursuant to this Condition. Any such notice of waiver shall be irrevocable. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
The Notes, the Fiscal Agency Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and the Fiscal Agency Agreement are governed by the laws of The 
Netherlands. 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees for the benefit of the Noteholders that the court (rechtbank) in 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or 
proceedings, and to settle any disputes, (respectively, "Proceedings" and "Disputes") arising out 
of or in connection with the Notes (including Proceedings and Disputes relating to the existence, 
validity or termination of the Notes or any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes) or the consequences of their nullity and, for such purposes, irrevocably 
submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it 
might now or hereafter have to the courts of Amsterdam, The Netherlands being nominated as the 
forum to hear and determine any Proceedings and to settle any Disputes and agrees not to claim 
that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate forum.

--- Page 131 ---
127 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
Final Terms dated [•] 
NIBC BANK N.V. 
(Incorporated with limited liability under the laws of The Netherlands 
and having its corporate seat in The Hague) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) B64D6Y3LBJS4ANNPCU93 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the Euro 20,000,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of Debt Instruments 
EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market: Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom ("UK") law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 6 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU ("IDD"), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for

--- Page 132 ---
128 
 
 
 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]  
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded).  
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of 
Singapore) (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets 
products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and ["Excluded Investment Products"]/["Specified Investment 
Products"] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).] 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
(hereinafter referred to as the "Conditions") set forth in the offering circular dated 25 June 2021 (including 
any supplement thereto, the "Offering Circular") which constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [date] Conditions 
(hereinafter referred to as the "Conditions") set forth in the offering circular dated [original date] [and the 
supplement(s) to it dated [•]] which are incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular dated 25 June 
2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 
8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular dated 25 June 
2021 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [•]], which together constitute a base prospectus for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation (the "Offering Circular"), save in respect of the Conditions. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8.4 of 
the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular [as so supplemented] 
in order to obtain all the relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is 
only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Offering Circular [as so 
supplemented] 
The Offering Circular [and any supplement to the Offering Circular] [is/are] available on, and a copy of 
these Final Terms] will be published on, the Issuer's website (https://www.nibc.com/about-nibc/investor-
relations/debt-investors/euro-medium-term-notes/). Such documents are also available for viewing upon 
reasonable request during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer at Carnegieplein 4, 
2517 KJ, The Hague, The Netherlands and at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent at Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom and copies may be obtained from the 
same.] 
 
1. 
 Issuer: 
NIBC Bank N.V. 
 
2. 
 (i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [•] on the Issue Date / exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
35 below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
3. 
 Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•]

--- Page 133 ---
129 
 
 
 
4. 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
 
5. 
 Issue Price [of Tranche]: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [•]]. 
 
6. 
 (i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
 
7. 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date 
(if different from the Issue 
Date): 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
8. 
 Maturity Date: 
[•] [(the "Scheduled Maturity Date")] 
 
9. 
 Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
 
[Floating Rate] [Specify reference rate — e.g. 
EURIBOR / SONIA / €STR / SOFR etc +/- [•] per 
cent.] 
 
 
 
[CMS-Linked Interest Notes] 
 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Fixed Rate Reset Notes] 
[Fixed to Floating Rate Notes]  
 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
10. 
 Minimum Interest Amount: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Maximum Interest Amount: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
11. 
 Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
 
 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on their 
Maturity Date at [•] per cent. of their principal 
amount] 
 
12. 
 Change of Interest Basis 
[•]/[Fixed Rate Reset Notes]/[Fixed to Floating 
Rate Notes]/[Not Applicable] 
 
13. 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put]1 
 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Illegality Call]2 
 
                                                           
1 Use only for Senior Preferred Notes not intended as MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
2 Do not use for Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes intended as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities.

--- Page 134 ---
130 
 
 
 
[Tax Call] 
[Regulatory Call]3 
[MREL Disqualification Event Call]4 
14. 
 Business Centre: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
15. 
 Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred Notes/Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes/Subordinated Notes] 
 
16. 
 Subordinated Notes intended to qualify 
as Tier 2 Notes (only in the case of 
Subordinated Notes): 
 
[Yes5/No] 
 
17. 
 Intended to qualify as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities: 
[[Yes/No] (in case of Senior Preferred Notes)  
[Yes] (in case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
[Yes/No/Yes, if not eligible as Tier 2 Notes] (in 
case of Subordinated Notes)] 
 
 
18. 
 Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[•] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
19. 
 Fixed Rate Interest and Fixed to 
Floating Rate Interest Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable for the 
period 
from 
and 
including 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to but excluding [the Interest 
Payment Date falling on [●] [as adjusted subject to 
the Business Day Convention]] (the "Fixed Rate 
End Date")] 
 
 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi- 
annually/quarterly/[•]] in arrear] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Calculation Amount: 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount/[•]] 
 
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date]/ 
[•][, 
subject 
to 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
 
 
[There will be a [short/long] [first/last] coupon)] 
 
 
(iv) 
Period End Dates: 
[•] in each year [as adjusted] in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention [unadjusted] 
 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on each 
Interest Payment Date/Not Applicable] 
 
                                                           
3 Use only for Subordinated Notes. 
4 Use only for Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes intended as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
5 Only in the case of Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes.

--- Page 135 ---
131 
 
 
 
 
(viii) 
Broken Amount(s): (Applicable 
to Notes in definitive form.) 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ix) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
 
[30/360] 
 
 
 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
20. 
 Fixed Rate Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Interest Rate: 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi- 
annually/quarterly/[•]] in arrear] 
 
 
(ii) 
First Reset Date: 
 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[•][ and [•]]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Rate Determination Date: 
[first/second/[•]] [Business Day] immediately 
preceding the relevant Reset Date  
 
 
 
(v) 
Reset Determination Time: 
[11.00 a.m. (CentralEuropean Time)/[•]] 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Reset Margin(s): 
[•] 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Reset Rate: 
[Semi-annual][Annualised] [Mid-Swap Rate]]/ 
[Reference Bond Rate] 
 
 
 
(viii) 
Swap Rate Period: 
 
[[•] /Not Applicable]6 
 
 
(ix) 
Fixed Reset Rate Relevant 
Screen Page: 
 
[•]7 
 
 
 
(x) 
Interest Calculation Amount: 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount/[•]] 
 
 
(xi) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date]/ 
[•][, 
subject 
to 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
 
 
[There will be a [short/long] [first/last] coupon)] 
 
 
(xii) 
Period End Dates: 
[•] in each year [as adjusted] in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention [unadjusted] 
 
                                                           
6 Only applicable when the Reset Rate is a Mid-Swap Rate. 
7 Only applicable when the Reset Rate is a Mid-Swap Rate.

--- Page 136 ---
132 
 
 
 
 
(xiii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xiv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
 
[30/360] 
 
 
 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
21. 
 Floating Rate Interest/CMS-Linked 
Interest Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable from and 
including the Fixed Rate End Date] 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Calculation Amount: 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount/[•]] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date]/ 
[•][, 
subject 
to 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(iv) 
Period End Dates: 
[•] in each year [as adjusted] in accordance with the 
Business day Convention [unadjusted]. 
 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
 
 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest (the "Reference Item") 
is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
[ISDA Determination] 
 
 
 
[CMS-Linked 
Interest 
Notes 
Provisions 
in 
paragraph (xii) below apply] 
 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable – Term Rate/Applicable – Overnight 
Rate/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Rate Determination Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•]

--- Page 137 ---
133 
 
 
 
 
Margin: 
[+/-] [•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
Overnight Reference Rate: 
 
[Compounded Daily SONIA/Compounded Daily 
SOFR/Average 
SOFR/Compounded 
Daily 
€STR/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
 
 
Observation Method: 
 
[Lag/Shift/Lock-out/Not 
Applicable][, 
where 
Lock-out date means the date 5 [London Banking 
Days][U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days][TARGET Settlement Days] prior to the 
applicable Interest Payment Date] 
 
 
 
Observation Look-back 
Period: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
("p" shall not be less than five without the prior 
agreement of the Calculation Agent) 
 
 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
 
Margin: 
[+/-] [•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[•] 
 
 
(xii) 
CMS-Linked Interest Notes 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[CMS Reference Rate] / [CMS Steepener Rate] / 
[Leveraged CMS Reference Rate] / [CMS 
Reference Rate Spread] / [Leveraged CMS 
Reference Rate Spread] applies 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[•][For [CMS Rate 1: [•] and for CMS Rate 2 [•]] 
 
 
Reference Currency: 
[•][For [CMS Rate 1: [•] and for CMS Rate 2 [•]] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ICE Swap Rate][•][For [CMS Rate 1: [ICE Swap 
Rate][•] and for CMS Rate 2 [ICE Swap Rate][•]] 
 
 
Specified Time: 
[•][For [CMS Rate 1: [•] and for CMS Rate 2 
 
 
 
[•]] 
 
 
Margin: 
[+/-] [•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
Leverage 1: 
[•] 
 
 
Leverage 2: 
[•] 
 
 
Reference Currency Mid-
market Swap Rate: 
[•]

--- Page 138 ---
134 
 
 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[[•] per cent. per annum] 
 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/ [[•] per cent. per annum] 
 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
 
[30/360] 
 
 
 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
22. 
 Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
and late payment: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
23. 
 Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable – General / Applicable – SOFR / Not 
Applicable] 
 
(Only applicable to Floating Rate Notes, CMS-
Linked Interest Notes and Fixed Rate Reset Notes) 
 
 
24. 
 Pre-cessation Trigger 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(Only applicable if Reference Rate Replacement is 
applicable) 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
25. 
 Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption: Date(s): 
[•]

--- Page 139 ---
135 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount per Specified 
Denomination 
[•] 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount per Specified 
Denomination: 
[•] 
 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
As set out in Condition 8.3/[[•] days prior to the 
Optional Redemption Date(s)] 
 
26. 
 Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]8 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 (i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 (ii) 
Notice Period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[•] days. 
 
27. 
 MREL Disqualification Event Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]9 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 (i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 (ii) 
Notice Period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[Not less than [•] days nor more than] [•] days. 
 
28. 
 Illegality Call:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
29. 
 Tax Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
30. 
 Investor Put (as per Condition 8.5 
(Optional Early Redemption (Investor 
Put))): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
of each Note and method, if 
any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[•] 
 
                                                           
8 Use only for Subordinated Notes. 
9 Use only for Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes intended as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities.

--- Page 140 ---
136 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice Period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
As set out in Condition 8.5/[[•] days prior to the 
Optional Redemption Date(s)]10 
 
31. 
 Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/[•]] 
 
32. 
 Early Redemption Amount of each Note 
payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons, redemption for illegality or on 
event of default (if different from that 
set out the Conditions): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] 
 
33. 
 Substitution or Variation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
DATE EXTENSIONS 
 
34. 
 Date Extensions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Date Extension: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) 
Maturity Date Extension: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iii) Number of Extension Business 
Days: 
[•] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
35. 
 Form of Notes: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Form:11 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on [•] days' notice/at any time/in 
the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] [and in case of a 
Temporary Global Note deposited with Euroclear 
Netherlands only in the limited circumstances, as 
described in the Dutch Securities Giro Transfer 
Act, as amended from time to time (Wet giraal 
effectenverkeer)]] 
 
 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes [and in case of a Temporary 
Global Note deposited with Euroclear Netherlands 
only in the limited circumstances, as described in 
the Dutch Securities Giro Transfer Act, as amended 
from time to time (Wet giraal effectenverkeer)]]  
 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes [on [•] days' notice/at any time/in 
the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note [and in case of a 
Temporary Global Note deposited with Euroclear 
 
                                                           
10 Any other specified period may not been less than fifteen Business Days. 
11 The exchange upon notice or at any time options should NOT be selected if the Specified Denomination 
of the Notes includes language substantially to the following effect: "[EUR] 100,000 and integral 
multiples of [EUR] 1,000 in excess thereof up to and including [EUR] 199,000". Furthermore, such 
Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issuance of Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes.

--- Page 141 ---
137 
 
 
 
Netherlands only in the limited circumstances, as 
described in the Dutch Securities Giro Transfer 
Act, as amended from time to time (Wet giraal 
effectenverkeer)]]]  
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
 
[Global 
Registered 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Individual Note Certificates [on [•] days' notice/at 
any time/in the limited circumstances described in 
the Global Registered Note [and in case of a 
Temporary Global Note deposited with Euroclear 
Netherlands only in the limited circumstances, as 
described in the Dutch Securities Giro Transfer 
Act, as amended from time to time (Wet giraal 
effectenverkeer)]] 
 
 
 
[Individual Note Certificate]] 
 
 
(ii) 
New Global Note: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iii) New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
36. 
 Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
dates: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
37. 
 Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes/No] 
 
38. 
 Calculation Agent: 
[•] 
 
39. 
 Redenomination applicable: 
Redenomination [not] applicable 
 
40. 
 Whether Condition 6(a) of the Notes 
applies or whether Condition 6(b) 
applies: 
[Condition 6(a) applies / Condition 6(b) applies] 
 
 
 
 
 
41. 
 Relevant Benchmark[s] 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date 
hereof, [[administrator legal name][appears]/[does 
not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011) [(the "BMR")]] [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, [[insert benchmark(s)] [does/do] not fall 
within the scope of the BMR] OR [the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply, such 
that [insert names(s) of administrator(s)] [is/are] 
not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 142 ---
138 
 
 
 
SIGNATURE 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 143 ---
139 
 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
 
 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [•] with effect from [•].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [•] with 
effect from [•].] 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable.] 
 
 
 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the [Existing Notes] which are 
admitted 
to 
trading 
on 
[Euronext 
Amsterdam/other]] 
 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[•] 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated] 
[The Notes to be issued [are/have been/are expected to be] rated by [•].  
[[•] is established in the European Economic Area and is registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). As such, [•] is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European and Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with the EU CRA Regulation. ]  
[[•] is established in the European Economic Area and is not registered under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation")]. [•] has submitted an application for 
registration in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation, and such registration is not refused, 
although notification of the corresponding registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority.] 
[[•] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").]  
[[•] is not established in the European Economic area and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") but is endorsed by [•] 
which is established in the European Economic Area [and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation/and has applied for registration under the EU CRA Regulation, although as of the date 
of this Final Terms notification of the corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the relevant competent authority.] 
[The rating [•] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [•], which is established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Economic Area (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation").] 
[[•] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Economic Area (Withdrawal) Act 2019 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation").]  
[[•] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Economic Area (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]

--- Page 144 ---
140 
 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.]  
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
 
Save as discussed in "Subscription and Sale" in the Offering Circular, so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Manager[s]/Dealer[s] and [its/their]] affiliates have engaged, and may engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
 
4. 
[USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
[The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes]/[•]. (In case Green Bonds are issued, the category and prescribed eligibility criteria of 
the projects must be specified.) 
 
[Any post-issuance information in relation to Green Bonds can be obtained from https://[•].] 
 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[Not Applicable] [[•] 
 
 
 
Calculated as [•] on the Issue Date. Yield is not an 
indication of future price.] 
 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
(iii) 
[FISN: 
 
 
[•] 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]] 
 
 
(iv)  
[CFI: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]] 
 
 
 
(v) 
Other Relevant Code: 
[Not Applicable/give number] 
 
 
(vi) 
Name(s) and address(es) of any 
clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
(vii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
(viii) 
Names and addresses of initial 
Paying Agent(s): 
[Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
 
 
 
Canada Square 
 
 
 
Canary Wharf 
 
 
 
London E14 5LB 
 
 
 
United Kingdom]

--- Page 145 ---
141 
 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] 
 
 
(x) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow central banking 
system for the euro (the 
"Eurosystem") eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] / 
 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper,] [include this text 
for registered notes]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution:  
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers:  
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(iii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any):  
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
 
 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions:  
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
8. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
 
[[•] has been extracted from [•]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[•], no facts have been admitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]]

--- Page 146 ---
142 
 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Pricing Supplement dated [●] 
NO (BASE) PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED TO BE PRODUCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129, AS AMENDED OR SUPERSEDED. THE NETHERLANDS 
AUTORITEIT FINANCIËLE MARKTEN NOR ANY OTHER COMPETENT AUTHORITY FOR 
THE PURPOSES OF REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 HAS APPROVED OR REVIEWED THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE PRICING SUPPLEMENT. 
NIBC BANK N.V. 
(Incorporated with limited liability under the laws of The Netherlands 
and having its corporate seat in The Hague) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) B64D6Y3LBJS4ANNPCU93 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the Euro 20,000,000,000 Programme for the Issuance of Debt Instruments 
EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market: Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom ("UK") law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 6 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU ("IDD"), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as

--- Page 147 ---
143 
 
 
 
it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]  
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded).  
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of 
Singapore) (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets 
products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and ["Excluded Investment Products"]/["Specified Investment 
Products"] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).] 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement relating to the issue of Notes described therein. [Terms 
used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (hereinafter 
referred to as the "Conditions") set forth in the offering circular dated 25 June 2021 (including any 
supplement thereto, the "Offering Circular").] This Pricing Supplement contains the final terms of the 
Notes and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular [as so supplemented] in order to obtain 
all the relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on 
the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Offering Circular [as so supplemented].  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [date] Conditions 
(hereinafter referred to as the "Conditions") set forth in the offering circular dated [original date] [and the 
supplement dated [•]] which are incorporated by reference in the offering circular dated 25 June 2021 
(including any supplement thereto, the "Offering Circular").]* 
The Offering Circular [and any supplement to the Offering Circular] [is/are] available on the Issuer's 
website 
(https://www.nibc.com/about-nibc/investor-relations/debt-investors/euro-medium-term-notes/) 
and for viewing upon reasonable request during normal business hours at the address of the relevant Dealer 
and copies may be obtained from the same. 
* 
Only include this language where it is a fungible issue and the original Tranche was issued under 
an Offering Circular with a different date. 
1. 
 Issuer: 
NIBC Bank N.V. 
 
2. 
 (i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [•] on the Issue Date / exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
35 below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
3. 
 Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
 
4. 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount:

--- Page 148 ---
144 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
 
5. 
 Issue Price [of Tranche]: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [•]]. 
 
6. 
 (i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
 
7. 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date 
(if different from the Issue 
Date): 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
8. 
 Maturity Date: 
[•] [(the "Scheduled Maturity Date")] 
 
9. 
 Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
 
[Floating Rate] [Specify reference rate — e.g. 
EURIBOR / SONIA / €STR / SOFR etc +/- [•] per 
cent.] 
 
 
 
[CMS-Linked Interest Notes] 
 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Fixed Rate Reset Notes] 
[Fixed to Floating Rate Notes]  
 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
10. 
 Minimum Interest Amount: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Maximum Interest Amount: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
11. 
 Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
 
 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on their 
Maturity Date at [•] per cent. of their principal 
amount] 
 
12. 
 Change of Interest Basis 
[•]/[Fixed Rate Reset Notes]/[Fixed to Floating 
Rate Notes]/[Not Applicable] 
 
13. 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put]12 
 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Illegality Call]13 
[Tax Call] 
 
                                                           
12 Use only for Senior Preferred Notes not intended as MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
13 Do not use for Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes intended as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities.

--- Page 149 ---
145 
 
 
 
[Regulatory Call]14 
[MREL Disqualification Event Call]15 
14. 
 Business Centre: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
15. 
 Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred Notes/Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes/Subordinated Notes] 
 
16. 
 Subordinated Notes intended to qualify 
as Tier 2 Notes (only in the case of 
Subordinated Notes): 
 
[Yes16/No] 
 
17. 
 Intended to qualify as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities: 
[[Yes/No] (in case of Senior Preferred Notes)  
[Yes] (in case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
[Yes/No/Yes, if not eligible as Tier 2 Notes] (in 
case of Subordinated Notes)] 
 
 
18. 
 Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[•] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
19. 
 Fixed Rate Interest and Fixed to 
Floating Rate Interest Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable for the 
period 
from 
and 
including 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to but excluding [the Interest 
Payment Date falling on [●] [as adjusted subject to 
the Business Day Convention]] (the "Fixed Rate 
End Date")] 
 
 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi- 
annually/quarterly/[•]] in arrear] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Calculation Amount: 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount/[•]] 
 
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date]/ 
[•][, 
subject 
to 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
 
 
[There will be a [short/long] [first/last] coupon)] 
 
 
(iv) 
Period End Dates: 
[•] in each year [as adjusted] in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention [unadjusted] 
 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on each 
Interest Payment Date/Not Applicable] 
 
                                                           
14 Use only for Subordinated Notes. 
15 Use only for Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes intended 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
16 Only in the case of Subordinated Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Notes.

--- Page 150 ---
146 
 
 
 
 
(viii) 
Broken Amount(s): (Applicable 
to Notes in definitive form.) 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ix) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
 
[30/360] 
 
 
 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
20. 
 Fixed Rate Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Initial Interest Rate: 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi- 
annually/quarterly/[•]] in arrear] 
 
 
(ii) 
First Reset Date: 
 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[•][ and [•]]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Rate Determination Date: 
[first/second/[•]] [Business Day] immediately 
preceding the relevant Reset Date  
 
 
 
(v) 
Reset Determination Time: 
[11.00 a.m. (CentralEuropean Time)/[•]] 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Reset Margin(s): 
[•] 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Reset Rate: 
[Semi-annual][Annualised] [Mid-Swap Rate]]/ 
[Reference Bond Rate] 
 
 
 
(viii) 
Swap Rate Period: 
 
[[•] /Not Applicable]17 
 
 
(ix) 
Fixed Reset Rate Relevant 
Screen Page: 
 
[•]18 
 
 
 
(x) 
Interest Calculation Amount: 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount/[•]] 
 
 
(xi) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date]/ 
[•][, 
subject 
to 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
 
 
[There will be a [short/long] [first/last] coupon)] 
 
 
(xii) 
Period End Dates: 
[•] in each year [as adjusted] in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention [unadjusted] 
 
                                                           
17 Only applicable when the Reset Rate is a Mid-Swap Rate. 
18 Only applicable when the Reset Rate is a Mid-Swap Rate.

--- Page 151 ---
147 
 
 
 
 
(xiii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xiv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
 
[30/360] 
 
 
 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
21. 
 Floating Rate Interest/CMS-Linked 
Interest Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable from and 
including the Fixed Rate End Date] 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Calculation Amount: 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount/[•]] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date]/ 
[•][, 
subject 
to 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(iv) 
Period End Dates: 
[•] in each year [as adjusted] in accordance with the 
Business day Convention [unadjusted]. 
 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
 
 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest (the "Reference Item") 
is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
[ISDA Determination] 
 
 
 
[CMS-Linked 
Interest 
Notes 
Provisions 
in 
paragraph (xii) below apply] 
 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable – Term Rate/Applicable – Overnight 
Rate/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Rate Determination Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•]

--- Page 152 ---
148 
 
 
 
 
Margin: 
[+/-] [•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
Overnight Reference Rate: 
 
[Compounded Daily SONIA/Compounded Daily 
SOFR/Average 
SOFR/Compounded 
Daily 
€STR/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
 
 
Observation Method: 
 
[Lag/Shift/Lock-out/Not 
Applicable][, 
where 
Lock-out date means the date falling five [London 
Banking 
Days][U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Days][TARGET Settlement Days] prior 
to the applicable Interest Payment Date] 
 
 
 
Observation Look-back 
Period: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
("p" shall not be less than five without the prior 
agreement of the Calculation Agent) 
 
 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
 
Margin: 
[+/-] [•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(xi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[•] 
 
 
(xii) 
CMS-Linked Interest Notes 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[CMS Reference Rate] / [CMS Steepener Rate] / 
[Leveraged CMS Reference Rate] / [CMS 
Reference Rate Spread] / [Leveraged CMS 
Reference Rate Spread] applies 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[•][For [CMS Rate 1: [•] and for CMS Rate 2 [•]] 
 
 
Reference Currency: 
[•][For [CMS Rate 1: [•] and for CMS Rate 2 [•]] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ICE Swap Rate][•][For [CMS Rate 1: [ICE Swap 
Rate][•] and for CMS Rate 2 [ICE Swap Rate][•]] 
 
 
Specified Time: 
[•][For [CMS Rate 1: [•] and for CMS Rate 2 
 
 
 
[•]] 
 
 
Margin: 
[+/-] [•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
Leverage 1: 
[•] 
 
 
Leverage 2: 
[•] 
 
 
Reference Currency Mid-
market Swap Rate: 
[•]

--- Page 153 ---
149 
 
 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[[•] per cent. per annum] 
 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/ [[•] per cent. per annum] 
 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
 
[30/360] 
 
 
 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
22. 
 Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
and late payment: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
23. 
 Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable – General / Applicable – SOFR / Not 
Applicable] 
 
(Only applicable to Floating Rate Notes, CMS-
Linked Interest Notes and Fixed Rate Reset Notes) 
 
 
24. 
 Pre-cessation Trigger 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(Only applicable if Reference Rate Replacement is 
applicable) 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
25. 
 Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption: Date(s): 
[•]

--- Page 154 ---
150 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount per Specified 
Denomination 
[•] 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount per Specified 
Denomination: 
[•] 
 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
As set out in Condition 8.3/[[•] days prior to the 
Optional Redemption Date(s)] 
 
26. 
 Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]19 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 (i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 (ii) 
Notice Period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[•] days. 
 
27. 
 MREL Disqualification Event Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]20 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 (i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 (ii) 
Notice Period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[Not less than [•] days nor more than] [•] days. 
 
28. 
 Illegality Call:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
29. 
 Tax Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
30. 
 Investor Put (as per Condition 8.5 
(Optional Early Redemption (Investor 
Put))): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
of each Note and method, if 
any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[•] 
 
                                                           
19 Use only for Subordinated Notes. 
20 Use only for Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes intended 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities.

--- Page 155 ---
151 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice Period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
As set out in Condition 8.5/[[•] days prior to the 
Optional Redemption Date(s)]21 
 
31. 
 Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/[•]] 
 
32. 
 Early Redemption Amount of each Note 
payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons, redemption for illegality or on 
event of default (if different from that 
set out the Conditions): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] 
 
33. 
 Substitution or Variation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
DATE EXTENSIONS 
 
34. 
 Date Extensions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Date Extension: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) 
Maturity Date Extension: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iii) Number of Extension Business 
Days: 
[•] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
35. 
 Form of Notes: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Form:22 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on [•] days' notice/at any time/in 
the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] [and in case of a 
Temporary Global Note deposited with Euroclear 
Netherlands only in the limited circumstances, as 
described in the Dutch Securities Giro Transfer 
Act, as amended from time to time (Wet giraal 
effectenverkeer)]] 
 
 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes [and in case of a Temporary 
Global Note deposited with Euroclear Netherlands 
only in the limited circumstances, as described in 
the Dutch Securities Giro Transfer Act, as amended 
from time to time (Wet giraal effectenverkeer)]]  
 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes [on [•] days' notice/at any time/in 
the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note [and in case of a 
Temporary Global Note deposited with Euroclear 
 
                                                           
21 Any other specified period may not been less than fifteen Business Days. 
22 The exchange upon notice or at any time options should NOT be selected if the Specified Denomination 
of the Notes includes language substantially to the following effect: "[EUR] 100,000 and integral 
multiples of [EUR] 1,000 in excess thereof up to and including [EUR] 199,000". Furthermore, such 
Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issuance of Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes.

--- Page 156 ---
152 
 
 
 
Netherlands only in the limited circumstances, as 
described in the Dutch Securities Giro Transfer 
Act, as amended from time to time (Wet giraal 
effectenverkeer)]]]  
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
 
[Global 
Registered 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Individual Note Certificates [on [•] days' notice/at 
any time/in the limited circumstances described in 
the Global Registered Note [and in case of a 
Temporary Global Note deposited with Euroclear 
Netherlands only in the limited circumstances, as 
described in the Dutch Securities Giro Transfer 
Act, as amended from time to time (Wet giraal 
effectenverkeer)]] 
 
 
 
[Individual Note Certificate]] 
 
 
(ii) 
New Global Note: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iii) New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
36. 
 Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
dates: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
37. 
 Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes/No] 
 
38. 
 Calculation Agent: 
[•] 
 
39. 
 Redenomination applicable: 
Redenomination [not] applicable 
 
40. 
 Whether Condition 6(a) of the Notes 
applies or whether Condition 6(b) 
applies: 
[Condition 6(a) applies / Condition 6(b) applies] 
 
 
 
 
 
41. 
 Relevant Benchmark[s] 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date 
hereof, [[administrator legal name][appears]/[does 
not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011) [(the "BMR")]] [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, [[insert benchmark(s)] [does/do] not fall 
within the scope of the BMR] OR [the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply, such 
that [insert names(s) of administrator(s)] [is/are] 
not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 157 ---
153 
 
 
 
SIGNATURE 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 158 ---
154 
 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
 
 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [•] with 
effect from [•].] [Application is expected to be made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [•] with effect from [•].] 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable.] 
 
 
 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with the [Existing Notes] which are admitted to trading 
on [Euronext Amsterdam/other]] 
 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[•] 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued have not been rated] 
[The Notes to be issued [are/have been/are expected to be] rated by [•].  
[[•] is established in the European Economic Area and is registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). As such, [•] is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European and Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with the EU CRA Regulation. ]  
[[•] is established in the European Economic Area and is not registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation")]. [•] has submitted an application for 
registration in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation, and such registration is not refused, 
although notification of the corresponding registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority.] 
[[•] is not established in the European Economic area and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") but is endorsed by [•] 
which is established in the European Economic Area [and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation/and has applied for registration under the EU CRA Regulation, although as of the date 
of this Final Terms notification of the corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the relevant competent authority.] 
[The rating [•] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [•], which is established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Economic Area (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation").] 
[[•] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Economic Area (Withdrawal) Act 2019 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation").]  
[[•] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Economic Area (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.]

--- Page 159 ---
155 
 
 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
 
Save as discussed in "Subscription and Sale" in the Offering Circular, so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Manager[s]/Dealer[s] and [its/their]] affiliates have engaged, and may engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
[The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes]/[•]. (In case Green Bonds are issued, the category and prescribed eligibility criteria of 
the projects must be specified.) 
 
[Any post-issuance information in relation to Green Bonds can be obtained from https://[•].] 
 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[Not Applicable] [[•] 
 
 
 
Calculated as [•] on the Issue Date. Yield is not an 
indication of future price.] 
 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
(iii) 
[FISN: 
 
 
(iv) 
[CFI: 
[•] 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]] 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]]
 
 
 
(v) 
Other Relevant Code: 
[Not Applicable/give number] 
 
 
(vi) 
Name(s) and address(es) of 
any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
 
(vii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
(viii) 
Names and addresses of 
initial Paying Agent(s): 
[Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
 
 
 
Canada Square 
 
 
 
Canary Wharf 
 
 
 
London E14 5LB 
 
 
 
United Kingdom] 
 
 
 
[•]

--- Page 160 ---
156 
 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[•] 
 
 
(x) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
central banking system for 
the euro (the "Eurosystem") 
eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper,] [include this text for registered 
notes] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper,] [include this text for 
registered notes]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met]] 
 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(iii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
 
 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer:  
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
8. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
 
 
[[•] has been extracted from [•]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[•], no facts have been admitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]]

--- Page 161 ---
157 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
General 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes. 
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
Green Bonds 
In particular, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will apply the net proceeds from an 
offer of Notes (or amounts equal thereto) specifically for projects and activities that promote climate and 
other environmental purposes in accordance with the Issuer's green bond framework as amended from time 
to time (the "NIBC Green Bond Framework"). The NIBC Green Bond Framework is available at the 
Issuer’s website at https://www.nibc.com/about-nibc/sustainability/.  
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the proceeds of any Green Bond will be used for 
the financing or refinancing of renewable energy (wind and solar energy) in the European Union and the 
United Kingdom or the financing or refincing of energy efficient commercial or residential real estate in 
the Netherlands. The projects and assets to be so financed or refinanced that meet the eligibility criteria set 
out in the NIBC Green Bond Framework are referred to as the "Green Eligible Assets") 
Process for project evaluation and selection 
Projects financed and/or refinanced using the NIBC Green Bond Framework are evaluated and selected 
based on compliance with the eligbility criteria set out in the NIBC Green Bond Framework. When 
identifying eligible projects and their non-financial impacts the Issuer may rely on external consultants and 
their data sources. 
The Issuer’s Green Bond Working Group, consisting of representatives of Issuer’s Sustainability 
Department, Corporate Client Offering, Retail Client Offering and Treasury, will manage any future 
updates to the Framework, including expansions to the list of eligible green categories to investment, and 
oversee its implementation. Changes to the NIBC Green Bond Framework will be subject to the approval 
of NIBC’s Asset & Liability Committee (ALCO). 
NIBC’s Green Bond Working Group is also responsible for approving asset selection, guided by the NIBC 
Green Bonds Framework. The Issuer ensures that all Green Eligible Assets comply with national and 
international environmental and social standards and local laws and regulations on a best effort basis. It is 
part of the Issuer's transaction due diligence and approval process to ensure, that all its loans comply with 
internal compliance and sustainability (environment and human rights) policies including those financed 
with the proceeds of Green Bonds. These eligibility criteria and minimum requirements as well as 
sustainability related matters are continuously developed and renewed in its external and internal policy 
frameworks. 
Eligibility under the NIBC Green Bond Framework is guided by environmental do no harm and social 
safeguards as described in the Issuer's Sustainability Framework and sustainability policies. This means 
that human rights due diligence, environmental due diligence and monitoring are performed to avoid 
unintended and/or unwanted harms. 
Management of proceeds 
The Green Bond proceeds will be managed by the Issuer on a portfolio basis. The proceeds of a Green 
Bond will be credited to a dedicated account or otherwise tracked by the Issuer in an appropriate manner, 
so as to maintain transparency and promote the integrity of the instrument. As long as Green Bonds are 
outstanding, it is intended to exclusively allocate an amount equivalent to net proceeds of these instruments 
to a portfolio of Green Eligible Assets which meet the eligibility criteria and other criteria as described in 
the NIBC Green Bond Framework. 
The NIBC Green Bond Working Group will monitor the portfolio of Eligible Assets on at least an annual 
basis. If an Eligible Asset is divested or does no longer meet the eligibility criteria as outlined in this 
document, the Issuer will remove this asset from the portfolio and will strive to replace it with another

--- Page 162 ---
158 
 
 
 
Eligible Asset as soon as reasonably practicable. The Issuer aims to ensure that the total value of issued 
green finance instruments does not exceed the value of its portfolio of Eligible Assets. 
Pending the allocation of the net proceeds of issued Green Bonds to the portfolio of Eligible Assets, or in 
case insufficient Eligible Assets are available, the Issuer commits to manage the unallocated proceeds in 
line with its Treasury criteria. 
The allocation of the net proceeds of issued Green Bonds to the portfolio of Eligible Assets will be reviewed 
and approved by NIBC’s Green Bond Working Group on at least an annual basis, until full allocation of 
the net proceeds of issued Green Bonds. 
Reporting 
The Issuer commits to publish on its website allocation and impact reports on an annual basis until full 
allocation starting no later than a year from the issuance. The Issuer will report the allocation and impact 
on an aggregate basis at category level. 
The allocation report will show: 
• 
The total amount of Green Bonds Outstanding 
•  
The total amount of the Green Bond proceeds allocated 
•  
An overview of Green Bond Eligible Assets per category 
•  
An overview of geographical distribution of allocated assets 
•  
The balance of unallocated proceeds (if any) 
•  
The share of new financing1 and refinancing 
The impact report will provide: 
•  
For Renewable Energy: 
o  
Total capacity and renewable energy generation (estimated) in MWh; and 
o  
Estimated avoided emissions in kt CO2e. 
•  
For Green buildings: 
o  
Estimated annual reduced/avoided emissions in t CO2e. 
The reports will, to the extent possible, provide an overview of key assumptions and methodologies used 
to evaluate the environmental impact. The reports will be made available via the NIBC corporate website: 
https://www.nibc.com/about-nibc/sustainability/.  
Verification 
The Issuer intends to appoint one or more external verifiers that are asked to provide a pre-issuance 
verification and a post-issuance verification. The pre-issuance verification verifies alignment of the Green 
Bonds with one or more of the appropriate standards in the green bonds market (such as the Green Bond 
Principles, the EU Green Bond Standard or other similar standards, as applicable and as selected by the 
Issuer). The post-issuance verification verifies the relevant allocation report when net proceeds from an 
issuance of Green Bonds have been allocated in full towards Green Eligible Assets. These reports will be 
made available to investors via the website: https://www.nibc.com/about-nibc/sustainability/.  
The Issuer will appoint an independent verifier to provide a post-issuance review addressing the allocation 
of an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of issued green bonds on an annual basis until full allocation, 
or in case of significant changes in the allocation of proceeds.

--- Page 163 ---
159 
 
 
 
References to external documents 
The Issuer's sustainability policies (including the Issuer’s Sustainability Framework) can be found on its 
corporate website: https://www.nibc.com/about-nibc/sustainability/sustainability-governance/.  
For the avoidance of doubt, none the NIBC Green Bond Framework, Sustainability Framework, the 
sustainability policies, the reports or any other part of the Issuer's website referred to in this section or in 
any Final Terms has not been and will not be incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular and, 
therefore, does not and will not form part of this Offering Circular and has not been scrutinised by the AFM.

--- Page 164 ---
160 
 
 
 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF NIBC BANK N.V. 
1. 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering Circular (including 
all documents incorporated by reference herein) and any Final Terms. To the best of the knowledge 
of the Issuer, the information contained in this Offering Circular is in accordance with the facts 
and does not omit anything likely to affect its import. 
2. 
RISK FACTORS 
Set forth in this Offering Circular in the section headed "Risk Factors" are certain risk factors that 
could adversely affect the Issuer's future business, operating results or financial condition. These 
risks should be carefully considered before making investment decisions involving the Notes. 
Additional risks not currently known to the Issuer or that the Issuer now deems immaterial may 
also harm the Issuer and affect an investment in the Notes. 
3. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
3.1 
Profile 
The Issuer is a mid-size Dutch head-quartered bank offering selected corporate and retail banking 
products and services. Its business model consists of a focused product offering with strong sector 
expertise for mid-market corporates and a distinct retail franchise in its selected markets.  
The Issuer offers its mid-market corporate clients specific products across a broad spectrum of 
advising, structuring, financing and co-investing across debt and equity through a dedicated sector 
approach, with a focus on chosen sub-sectors and products in Northwest Europe. Retail franchise 
offering primarily consists of mortgage lending in The Netherlands and online retail savings 
products and services in The Netherlands, Germany and Belgium via the NIBC Direct brand. 
3.2 
General 
The issued share capital of the Issuer is legally and beneficially owned and controlled directly by 
NIBC Holding N.V. (a public limited liability company incorporated in The Netherlands with 
registered number 27282935) of which it is a 100 per cent. subsidiary. The rights of NIBC Holding 
N.V. as the sole shareholder of the Issuer are contained in the Articles of Association of the Issuer 
and the Issuer will be managed by its managing directors in accordance with those Articles of 
Association and with the provisions of the laws of The Netherlands. 
NIBC Holding N.V. is, as of 30 December 2020, majority owned by Flora Acquisition B.V. and 
Flora Holdings III Limited. Both entities are owned by certain funds managed and/or advised by 
Blackstone's Tactical Opportunities and Private Equity businesses and other managers affiliated 
with The Blackstone Group Inc. (each or together, as the context requires, "Blackstone"). 
The Issuer has various subsidiaries for investment or structured finance purposes, none of which 
individually entail substantial economic activities of the Issuer. The Issuer is not dependent on any 
other entities in the group. 
There are not and have not been any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 
months before the date of this Offering Circular which may have, or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken 
as a whole. 
3.3 
History and Development of the Issuer 
The Issuer is a Dutch public limited liability company incorporated under Dutch law on 31 October 
1945, with corporate seat in The Hague, The Netherlands and is registered at the Dutch Chamber 
of Commerce under number 27032036.

--- Page 165 ---
161 
 
 
 
The Issuer was established on 31 October 1945 as Maatschappij tot Financiering van Nationaal 
Herstel by the Dutch government along with a number of commercial banks and institutional 
investors to provide financing for the post-World War II economic recovery of The Netherlands. 
This entity was renamed De Nationale Investeringsbank ("DNIB") in 1971 and was listed on the 
Dutch stock exchange, now Euronext Amsterdam, from 1986 to 1999. During this time DNIB 
focused on providing and participating in long-term loans and private equity investments. In 1996, 
DNIB started its retail business through the offering of white label residential mortgages. 
In 1999, DNIB was acquired by way of a public offer made through a joint venture company, NIB 
Capital, owned by two of Europe's largest pension funds, ABP and PGGM. NIB Capital acquired 
85 per cent of the shares in DNIB. The remaining shares remained owned by the Dutch government 
and were acquired by NIB Capital in 2004. The acquisition by NIB Capital in 1999 marked the 
beginning of DNIB's evolution from a long-term lending bank to a bank offering advisory, 
financing and investment services. 
In 2005, a consortium of international financial institutions and investors organised by J.C. Flowers 
& Co. (collectively, the "Consortium"), a U.S. based private investment firm, purchased all the 
outstanding equity interests of NIB Capital. In connection with this acquisition, NIBC Holding 
N.V. was incorporated and NIB Capital, which was renamed NIBC N.V., became its wholly-owned 
subsidiary. Subsequently, NIBC N.V. (as the non-surviving entity) merged into NIBC Holding 
N.V. and NIB Capital Bank N.V. (the Issuer) became a direct subsidiary of NIBC Holding N.V. 
The Issuer subsequently changed its name from "NIB Capital Bank N.V. to NIBC Bank N.V. 
On 23 March 2018, the shares in NIBC Holding N.V., the direct holding company of NIBC Bank 
N.V., were listed on Euronext Amsterdam. On 14 January 2021, upon the settlement of the shares 
tendered during the post acceptance period for the public takeover by Blackstone, the total or its 
group number of shares held by Flora Acquisition B.V. was 143,083,544, representing, at the time, 
approximately 97.68% of the aggregate issued and outstanding share capital of NIBC Holding N.V. 
As a consequence the listing and trading of the ordinary shares of NIBC Holding N.V. on Euronext 
Amsterdam has been terminated on 18 February 2021. At the beginning of March 2021, Blackstone 
has commenced the statutory buy-out procedure (uitkoopprocedure) in accordance with article 
2:359c or, alternatively, article 2:92a of the Dutch Civil Code to acquire the remaining shares that 
are not yet held by Blackstone or its group companies. 
3.4 
Issuer's Authorised and Issued Share Capital 
As at the date of this Offering Circular, the Issuer's authorised share capital is EUR 214,900,000 
and the Issuer's issued share capital is EUR 80,111,096.32 (fully paid up). 
3.5 
Ratings 
The current ratings of the Issuer are as follows: 
 
Ratings 
S&P
 
 
Long term issuer credit rating (Outlook) 
Short term issuer credit rating 
Senior unsecured debt 
Senior subordinated debt 
Subordinated
 
BBB+ (Negative)  
A-2 
BBB+ 
BBB- 
BB+
 
 
 
Ratings 
 
 
Fitch
 
 
Long term issuer default rating (Outlook) 
Short term issuer default rating 
Senior preferred debt 
Senior non-preferred debt 
Subordinated
 
BBB (Negative) 
F3 
BBB+ 
BBB 
N/A
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At the date of this Offering Circular, (i) Standard & Poor's and Fitch are established in the European 
Economic Area and have been registered by ESMA as credit rating agencies in accordance with 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 
2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation”) and (ii) the ratings of

--- Page 166 ---
162 
 
 
 
Standard & Poor's and Fitch are endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and Fitch Ratings 
Limited, respectively, which are established in the United Kingdom and have been registered with 
the Financial Conduct Authority as credit rating agencies in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The credit ratings by Standard & Poor’s and 
Fitch have been obtained at the request of the Issuer. 
An obligation rated "BBB" by Standard & Poor’s exhibits adequate protection parameters. 
However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a 
weakened capacity of the issuer to meet its financial commitments. 
"BBB" ratings by Fitch indicate that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity 
for payment of financial commitments is considered adequate but adverse business or economic 
conditions are more likely to impair this capacity. 
The long term ratings by Fitch and S&P may be modified by the addition of a plus ("+") or minus 
("-") sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories 
Notes issued under this Programme may be rated or unrated. Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme may be lower rated than the corporate rating on 
NIBC Bank N.V. 
3.6 
Business Overview 
The Issuer uses the following segmentation: Corporate Client Offering, Retail Client Offering and 
Treasury and Group Functions.  
The Corporate Client Offering segment offers its mid-market corporate clients specific products 
across a broad spectrum of advising, structuring, financing and co-investing across debt and equity 
through a dedicated sector approach, with a focus on chosen sub-sectors and products in Northwest 
Europe. 
The Retail Client Offering segment services retail clients in The Netherlands, Germany and 
Belgium and offers a product range consisting of owner-occupied mortgages, buy-to-let mortgages 
and an originate-to-manage mortgage offering and online savings accounts. Retail Client Offering 
products are mainly offered through NIBC Direct. 
Treasury and Group Functions supports and controls all business activities for NIBC. The main 
focus areas include the realisation of NIBC’s treasury functions, asset and liability management 
and risk management. Group Functions consists of: Treasury & Asset Liability Management, Risk 
Management, HR & Corporate Communications, Internal Audit, Legal, Compliance & Regulatory 
Affairs, Sustainability, Operations & Facilities, IT, Finance & Tax and Strategy & Development. 
3.7 
Subsidiaries 
The Issuer operates globally through a number of wholly and partly owned subsidiaries. The 
principal subsidiaries include, without limitation, the following: 
Parnib Holding N.V., The Netherlands; Counting House B.V., The Netherlands, B.V. NIBC 
Mortgage Backed Assets, The Netherlands; NIBC Principal Investments B.V., The Netherlands 
and NIBC Financing N.V., The Netherlands. 
3.8 
Funding 
The principal sources of the Issuer's funding are its retail deposits, wholesale debt securities and 
deposits from institutional- and corporate clients. 
Retail deposits consist of retail on demand and long-term deposits ranging from three months to 
up to ten years. These products are mainly offered through NIBC Direct in The Netherlands, 
Germany and Belgium.

--- Page 167 ---
163 
 
 
 
Wholesale debt securities consist of covered bonds issued under the Issuer's conditional pass-
through covered bond programme, bonds issued under Issuer's euro medium term notes programme 
and commercial paper issued under Issuer's euro commercial paper programme. 
In order to maintain an adequate liquidity position, the Issuer has developed a comprehensive 
liquidity management framework within which it manages its liquidity position during both normal 
and adverse market conditions. This liquidity management framework is reviewed on an annual 
basis. 
3.9 
Risk Management 
The Issuer relies on a "three lines of defence" risk management governance model, which provides 
a structure to assign risk management activities and responsibilities at various levels throughout its 
organisation. The first line of defence is within the commercial business units. They are 
accountable and responsible for day-to-day risk management activities such as managing each 
individual exposure on the balance sheet, with the exception of distressed assets at the corporate 
bank. The second line of defence lies within the Risk, Legal, Compliance and Corporate Social 
Resposibility (CSR) departments. These departments monitor and evaluate risks versus the risk 
appetite framework. The second line of defence has an active advisory role in particular towards 
transactions and proposals. The third line of defence is the Internal Audit department. This 
department provides objective and independent assurance on the operations within the first and 
second lines of defence. The Issuer will focus on further development of the three lines of defence 
model to address modern ways of cooperation, such as outsourcing contracts and managed 
services. 
The Issuer has several committees in place with specific authorities and decision-making power 
with respect to risk management:  
The Engagement Committee is responsible for decision-making with regard to client engagement 
and conflicts of interest including an assessment of the potential integrity risks when engaging with 
a client. 
The Transaction Committee has decision-making power with regard to credit transactions, 
assessment of credit proposals and the monitoring of credit related risks. The Transaction 
Committee approves and monitors transaction proposals which cause the Issuer to assume credit 
risk. Further, the Transaction Committee decides on impairments and write-offs and reviews all 
individual transactions at least annually. 
The Investment Committee is the delegated authority to decide on equity, mezzanine, subordinated, 
and other equity related financial products. The Investment Committee assesses new investment 
proposals and periodically determines the valuation of the Issuer’s equity portfolio. 
The Strategic Investment Committee has decision-making power on equity, mezzanine debt, 
subordinated debt and senior debt granted to strategic participations and/or strategic investments. 
The Risk Management Committee decides on policies, measurement methods, monitoring, and 
controlling of all risk types. The role of the Risk Management Committee is to safeguard the 
Issuer’s risk appetite by monitoring all risks the Issuer is exposed to, thereby looking backwards 
as well as forwards. 
The Asset and Liability Committee monitors and controls capital ratios, liquidity, earnings and 
market risk. As Asset and Liability Committee is responsible for liquidity, they also decide on 
funding plans and large funding transactions. 
The risk management committees are supported by a robust risk management organisation, which 
focuses on the daily monitoring and management of the risks the Issuer is exposed to and includes 
the following departments and teams: Credit Risk Management, Retail Risk Management, 
Restructuring & Distressed Assets Management, Market Risk Management, Risk Analytics & 
Model Validation, Financial Markets Credit Risk, Modelling & Data Analytics, Portfolio Analysis, 
Operational Risk Management, Compliance, Legal and CSR.

--- Page 168 ---
164 
 
 
 
3.10 
Members of the Managing Board 
As at the date of this Offering Circular, the Members of the Managing Board of the Issuer are the 
following persons: 
P.A.M. de Wilt, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer 
H.H.J. Dijkhuizen, Vice-chairman, Chief Financial Officer 
R.D.J. van Riel, Chief Risk Officer 
The members of the Managing Board may be contacted at the registered address of the Issuer, at 
Carnegieplein 4 2517 KJ The Hague, The Netherlands, telephone number +31 (0) 70 342 5425. 
There are no potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the Issuer of any Managing Board 
members and their private interests and/or other duties. 
3.11 
Supervisory Board 
Members of the Supervisory Board are the following persons:  
D.M. Sluimers (Chairman)  
A.G.Z. Kemna (Vice-Chair)  
S.Q. Abbas (member)  
N. El Gabbani (member)  
J.J.M. Kremers (member)  
J.G. Wijn (member) 
S.M. Zijderveld (member)  
The members of the Supervisory Board may be contacted at the registered address of the Issuer, at 
Carnegieplein 4, 2517 KJ The Hague, The Netherlands, telephone number +31 (0) 70 342 5425.  
Mr Abbas, Mr El Gabbani and Mr Wijn have been appointed to the Supervisory Board as 
shareholder representatives of the majority shareholder. Other than in relation to the above, there 
are no potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the Issuer of any Supervisory Board 
members and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 169 ---
165 
 
 
 
SUPERVISION AND REGULATION 
General 
NIBC Bank N.V. is a bank organised under the laws of The Netherlands. The objectives of NIBC Bank 
N.V. are general banking and financing activities (see for a detailed description article 2 of the Articles of 
Association). The business of NIBC Bank N.V. is highly regulated and supervised by several Dutch 
regulatory authorities, such as DNB, the AFM and indirectly supervised by the ECB. Under the Dutch Act 
on Financial Supervision (the "Wft"), NIBC Bank N.V. is required to hold a license for its activities as a 
credit institution. 
Reporting and Investigation 
A bank is required to file with DNB its annual financial statements in a form approved by DNB, which 
includes a balance sheet and a profit and loss statement that have been certified by a qualified auditor in 
The Netherlands or an equally qualified foreign auditor who is licensed in The Netherlands. In addition, a 
bank is required to file with DNB quarterly (and some monthly) statements, on a basis established by DNB, 
which also has the option to demand more frequent reports (including reports certified by a qualified auditor 
in The Netherlands or an equally qualified foreign auditor who is licensed in The Netherlands). A bank's 
reports to DNB are required to be truthful and not misleading.  
As of 1 January 2005, the consolidated financial statements of NIBC Bank N.V. have been prepared in 
accordance with IFRS-EU and with Title 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
Supervision 
DNB exercises monetary supervision, supervision with respect to the solvency and liquidity of banks, 
supervision of the administrative organisation of banks and structure supervision relating to banks. Under 
Regulation 1024/2013 for the setting up of the single supervisory mechanism ("SSM"), which entered into 
force on 4 November 2013, the European Central Bank (the "ECB") will directly supervise significant 
credit institutions. The ECB will work closely with the national competent authorities, including DNB, to 
supervise all other credit institutions under the overall oversight of the ECB, such as NIBC Bank N.V. The 
ECB may decide at any time to take responsibility for a less-significant credit institution directly. NIBC 
Bank N.V. is under direct supervision of DNB and subject to indirect supervision by the ECB and is subject 
to the following general guidelines. 
Solvency Supervision 
On 16 December 2010, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee") published 
its final rules to reform the global regulatory framework for banks, including a higher global minimum 
capital standards for banks and the introduction of a new global liquidity standard and a new leverage ratio 
(the Basel Committee's package of reforms is collectively referred to as "Basel III"). For European banks, 
such as the Issuer, Basel III was implemented through a package known as "CRD IV" consisting of a 
directive known as the "CRD IV Directive" (which was implemented into Dutch law on 1 August 2014) 
and a regulation commonly known as the "CRR I" which entered into effect as of 1 January 2014. CRD, as 
in force, consists of Directive 2013/36/EU, as amended (including as part of the EU Banking Reforms) (the 
"CRD Directive") and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as amended (including as part of the EU Banking 
Reforms) (the "CRR" which aims to create a sounder and safer financial system. The CRD Directive 
governs amongst other things the access to deposit-taking activities whereas the CRR establishes the 
majority of prudential requirements applicable to institutions such as the Issuer. 
The EU rules deviate from the Basel III rules in certain aspects (e.g. in imposing an additional systemic 
risk buffer) and (in respect of some provisions) provide national flexibility to apply more stringent 
prudential requirements than those set in the EU (or Basel) framework. As part of the EU Banking Reforms 
(as described below), a new regulatory package known as "CRD V / CRR II" (consisting of a directive and 
regulation) entered into force on 27 June 2019 with the majority of the provisions (subject to transposition 
and implementation) intended to apply as from mid-2021. 
CRD requires that a bank maintains own funds and other regulatory capital positions (commonly known as 
capital buffers), including requirements to maintain a minimum ratio of Common Equity Tier 1 capital 
("CET1") to risk-weighted assets ("RWA"), Tier 1 capital to RWA and total capital (Tier 1 and Tier 2 
capital) to RWA. CRD provides rules on the types of instruments that count towards such requirements and

--- Page 170 ---
166 
 
 
 
the breakdown thereof. As of 1 January 2016 three additional capital buffers were introduced: a capital 
conservation buffer, a countercyclical capital buffer and a systemic buffer. CRD also imposes limitations 
on the aggregate amount of claims (including granting credit) a bank may have against one debtor or a 
group of related debtors.  
A binding leverage ratio that is calculated by dividing Tier-1 by a measure of non-risk weighted assets will 
become binding on the Issuer as of 28 June 2021 pursuant to the EU Banking Reforms . 
Under CRD competent supervisory authorities, as a result of the supervisory review and evaluation process 
(SREP), may require additional capital to be maintained by banks relating to elements of risks which are 
not fully covered by the minimum capital requirements described above or which address macro prudential 
requirements. 
Liquidity Supervision 
CRD, includes a liquidity framework consisting of the liquidity coverage ratio ("LCR") and the net stable 
funding ratio ("NSFR"). The LCR requires that sufficient high quality liquid assets are maintained to meet 
short-term liquidity needs under gravely stressed conditions for a period of thirty days. The NSFR requires 
that banks have a stable funding profile in relation to the composition of their assets and off-balance sheet 
activities. The LCR entered into force on 1 October 2015, whereas the NSFR was originally contemplated 
to enter into force on 1 January 2018. However, the NSFR will be implemented at the European level as 
part of the revisions to the CRD package under the EU Banking Reforms, which will apply from 28 June 
2021. Pending such implementation, DNB has applied such standards as part of the supervisory review and 
evaluation process (SREP) as from 2017. 
Structure Supervision 
The Wft provides that a bank must obtain a declaration of no objection from DNB before, among other 
things: (i) acquiring or increasing a qualified holding in a bank, investment firm or insurer with its corporate 
seat in a state which is not part of the European Economic Area, or in a financial institution which has not 
been granted a supervisory status certificate if the balance sheet total of that bank, investment firm, insurer, 
or financial institution at the time of the acquisition or increase amounts to more than 1 per cent. of the 
bank's consolidated balance sheet total, (ii) acquiring or increasing a qualified holding in an enterprise, not 
being a bank, investment firm or insurer with its corporate seat in The Netherlands or in a state which is 
part of the European Economic Area or in a state which is not part of the European Economic Area, if the 
amount paid for the acquisition or increase, together with the amounts paid for a previous acquisition or 
increase of a holding in such enterprise, amounts to more than 1 per cent. of the consolidated own funds of 
the bank, (iii) taking over all or a major part of the assets and liabilities of another enterprise or institution, 
directly or indirectly, if the total amount of the assets or the liabilities to be taken over amounts to more 
than 1 per cent. of the bank's consolidated balance sheet total, (iv) merging with another enterprise or 
institution if the balance sheet total thereof amounts to more than 1 per cent. of the bank's consolidated 
balance sheet total or (v) proceeding with a financial or corporate reorganisation. For purposes of the Wft, 
qualified holding is defined to mean the holding, directly or indirectly, of an interest of at least 10 per cent. 
of the issued share capital or voting rights in an enterprise or institution, or a similar form of control. In 
addition, a bank shall require the prior permission of DNB to do either or both of the following: (a) reduce, 
redeem or repurchase Common Equity Tier 1 instruments issued by the institution in a manner that is 
permitted under applicable national law; (b) effect the call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of 
Additional Tier 1 instruments or Tier 2 instruments as applicable, prior to the date of their contractual 
maturity. 
Any person is permitted to hold, acquire or increase a qualified holding in a bank, or to exercise any voting 
power in connection with such holding, only after a declaration of no objection has been obtained. 
Administrative supervision 
DNB also supervises the administrative organisation of the individual banks, their financial accounting 
system and internal controls. The administrative organisation must be such as to ensure that a bank has at 
all times a reliable and up-to-date overview of its rights and obligations. Furthermore, the electronic data 
processing systems, which form the core of the accounting system, must be secured in such a way as to 
ensure optimum continuity, reliability and security against fraud. As part of the supervision of the

--- Page 171 ---
167 
 
 
 
administrative organisation, DNB has also stipulated that this system must be able to prevent conflicts of 
interests, including the abuse of inside information. 
Dutch Intervention Act 
On 13 June 2012, the Dutch Intervention Act (Wet bijzondere maatregelen financiële ondernemingen) 
entered into force. Under this Act, the Dutch Minister of Finance is granted substantial powers to deal with 
failing Dutch banks, insurance companies and special purpose vehicles for risk acceptance (each a 
"relevant entity") and financial enterprises (financiële onderneming) (which in addition to relevant entities 
includes collective investment schemes, investment firms and custodians of pension funds) respectively. 
The powers of the Dutch Minister of Finance include taking measures intended to safeguard the stability of 
the financial system as a whole. The Dutch Minister of Finance may with immediate effect take these 
measures if in the Minister's opinion the stability of the financial system is in serious and immediate danger 
as a result of the situation in which a financial enterprise finds itself. Possible measures include an 
expropriation of assets or securities issued by or with the consent of the financial enterprise or its parent, in 
each case if it has its corporate seat in The Netherlands. The Minister may also suspend voting rights or 
board members. In taking these measures, provisions in Dutch statute and articles of association may be set 
aside. 
The measures that can be taken by the Minister of Finance are intended to form the last resort and may 
therefore only be used if other measures would not work, would no longer work, or would be insufficient. 
In addition, to ensure the measures are not taken lightly, the Minister of Finance must consult with DNB in 
advance of taking a measure and the Dutch Prime Minister must agree with the decision to intervene. The 
Minister of Finance must further inform the AFM of his intentions, whereupon the AFM must give an 
instruction to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. to stop the trading in any securities that are expropriated. In the 
case of expropriation, the beneficiary of the relevant asset will be compensated for the damage that is 
directly and necessarily resulting from the expropriation. There can be no assurance that creditors will be 
able to recover compensation promptly or equal to any loss actually incurred. 
The exercise of acceleration, early termination and other rights (including the right to request collateral and 
the right to set-off or net), could impair the effectiveness of the supervisory measures introduced by the 
Dutch Intervention Act. Therefore, the Dutch Intervention Act provides that such rights, to the extent they 
are triggered by the preparation or implementation of the measures introduced by the Dutch Intervention 
Act (collectively, "events"), cannot be exercised. Exceptions are made in respect of rights resulting from 
the finality directive and financial collateral arrangements. These provisions apply regardless of the law 
governing the contractual arrangement and extend to group companies of banks and insurance companies. 
BRRD and SRM 
As of 1 January 2015, all EU Member States must apply a single rulebook for the resolution of banks and 
large investment firms, as prescribed by the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive ("BRRD") and the 
Singe Resolution Mechanism Regulation ("SRM Regulation"). The BRRD (including the bail-in 
provisions) have been implemented in the Wft with effect from 26 November 2015. Closely coupled with 
the BRRD is the European single resolution mechanism (the "SRM") established by the SRM Regulation. 
The Single Resolution Board ("SRB") used to act as the primary resolution authority for the Issuer. 
However, as of 1 November 2020, the date when the merger of NIBC Bank N.V. and NIBC Bank 
Deutschland AG became effective, the Issuer and its group no longer qualify as a cross-border group under 
Article 7(2)(b) of the SRM Regulation. The Issuer already did not qualify as a significant institution. On 
30 October 2020 the SRB confirmed the end of its direct responsibility as resolution authority for the Issuer 
and this responsibility was subsequently transferred from the SRB to DNB as national resolution authority. 
The measures set forth in the BRRD and the SRM Regulation are available to regulators in cases where an 
institution does not meet or is likely to not meet the requirements of CRD. This gives regulators powers to 
write down debt or to convert such debt into equity and to allow institutions to continue as a going concern 
subject to appropriate restructuring. Directions on when and whether the intervention measures in the 
BRRD can be considered and applied are set forth in the Guidelines on triggers for use of early intervention 
measures pursuant to Article 27(4) of the BRRD (the "Guidelines"), published on 8 May 2015 by the 
European Banking Authority ("EBA"). It is possible that pursuant to the BRRD, the SRM Regulation or 
other resolution or recovery rules which may in the future be applicable to the Issuer (including, but not

--- Page 172 ---
168 
 
 
 
limited to, CRD), new powers may be granted by way of statute to DNB and/or any other relevant authority 
which could be used in such a way as to result in debt, including the Notes, absorbing losses. 
The powers provided to resolution authorities in the BRRD and SRM Regulation include write down and 
conversion powers to ensure relevant capital instruments (excluding Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes not specified in the applicable Final Terms as Tier 2 Notes, but 
including the Tier 2 Notes) fully absorb losses at the point of non-viability of the issuing institution, as well 
as a bail-in tool comprising a more general power for resolution authorities to write down the claims of 
unsecured creditors (including holders of senior debt instruments (such as the Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes that do not qualify as Tier 2 Notes)) of a failing 
institution and/or to convert unsecured debt claims to equity if the other conditions for resolution are met. 
After the implementation of Directive (EU) 2019/879, as amended, into Dutch law and having become 
effective (as applicable), certain eligible liabilities held by entities within the same resolution group as the 
Issuer or by an existing shareholder (subject to certain conditions being met) as referred to in Article 21(7a) 
SRM Regulation, respectively Article 59(1a) BRRD) will also become subject to write down and 
conversion powers at the point of non-viability as described above. 
The exercise of any of the measures set out above shall not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes 
and Noteholders will have no further claims in respect of any amount so written off, converted or otherwise 
applied as a result thereof. 
Reference is also made to "Risk Factors – D. 3. The Issuer is subject to recovery and intervention 
regulations." under "Factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme". 
Deposit Guarantee Schemes  
The Issuer is a participant in the Dutch Deposit Guarantee Scheme (Depositogarantiestelsel) (the "Deposit 
Guarantee Scheme") which guarantees an amount of EUR 100,000 per person per bank (regardless of the 
number of accounts held). The Issuer and other financial institutions are required to quarterly pay risk-
weighted contributions into a fund to cover future drawings under the Deposit Guarantee Scheme. The 
fund, in which the Issuer participates, is expected to grow to a target size of at least 0.8% of all deposits 
guaranteed under the Deposit Guarantee Scheme, which should be reached by 2024. 
Anti-Money Laundering and Financing of Terrorism laws 
The Issuer is subject to laws regarding money laundering and the financing of terrorism, in addition to 
sanctions legislation. The Issuer is required to continuously monitor its compliance with such laws and 
among other things has to establish “know your customer” procedures to identify its customers (and their 
beneficial owner) in any transaction and systems to assess risks related to money laundering and terrorism 
financing, with different persons carrying different levels of risk. 
Above list is not exhaustive 
The information above only summarises some of the main rules and legislation applicable to banks such as 
the Issuer. In its daily business, the Issuer is subject to many more laws and regulation, including, without 
limitation, various parts of the Wft not described above, Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (EMIR), Regulation 
(EU) 2015/2365 (Secured Financing Transactions Regulation) Directive (EU) 2015/2366 (PSD2), Directive 
2014/65/EU (MiFID II), Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 (MiFIR) and Directive 2014/17/EU (Mortgage 
Credit Directive), each as amended and where relevant as implemented into Dutch law, and increasingly 
by sustainability regulations (including Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (SFDR)), including guidance by the 
DNB and ECB with regard to the management of climate risks and other environmental risks, which credit 
institutions such as the Issuer are expected to incorporate in their risk management framework. 
Regulatory response to the COVID-19 pandemic 
As part of the regulatory response to the COVID-19 pandemic, various regulatory initiatives have been 
deployed to, among other things, (i) postpone new regulations (e.g. DNB's proposed minimum floor 
requirement on the risk weighting for the portfolio of non-NHG residential mortgages under the internal 
ratings-based model), and (ii) extend applicable (reporting) deadlines, (iii) provide temporary relief (e.g. a 
temporary exclusion of certain central bank exposures from the leverage ratio, which will in any case apply 
until 27 June 2021).

--- Page 173 ---
169 
 
 
 
In addition, both the ECB and DNB have issued recommendations urging banks to exercise maximum 
restraint in paying dividends and buying back shares and calling on banks to restrict variable remuneration. 
Dividend payments are expected to be pre-discussed with the regulators and must remain below 15% of the 
accumulated profit for 2019 and 2020, and must not be higher than 20 basis points of the Common Equity 
Tier 1 (CET1) ratio,

--- Page 174 ---
170 
 
 
 
1. 
TREND INFORMATION 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or its subsidiaries since 
the date of their last published audited financial statements. 
2. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
Board of Managing Directors and Board of Supervisory Directors 
The Articles of Association of the Issuer provide for management to be carried out by the Board 
of Managing Directors under the supervision of a Board of Supervisory Directors. 
The Board of Supervisory Directors (the "Supervisory Board") consists of at least three natural 
person members including a Chairman and a Vice-chairman. The Supervisory Board is responsible 
for supervising and assisting the Board of Managing Directors (the "Managing Board") in the 
management of the Issuer by giving advice and overseeing the general business of the Issuer. The 
Managing Board consults the Supervisory Board about all important matters concerning the 
Issuer's general policies. The Supervisory Directors are appointed on the nomination of the 
Supervisory Board, by the general meeting of shareholders. The Supervisory Board may appoint a 
secretary, who does not have to be a member of that Board. The members of the Supervisory Board 
are appointed for a maximum term of four years and may be re-appointed. The members of the 
Supervisory Board may be suspended or dismissed by the general meeting of shareholders. 
Remuneration of each Supervisory Board member is established by the general meeting of 
shareholders. 
The Managing Board consists of at least two members including a Chairman and a Vice-chairman. 
The Managing Board is responsible for the day to day operations of the Issuer. The Chairman of 
the Managing Board and the other members of this Board are appointed by the general meeting of 
shareholders and may be suspended by the general meeting of shareholders and/or the Supervisory 
Board and may be dismissed. Members of the Managing Board are appointed for a period not 
exceeding four years and can be reappointed each time for a period not exceeding four years. In 
the event of a contemplated appointment, dismissal or suspension, the Managing Board shall 
enable the works council to state its position in connection with such appointment, dismissal or 
suspension. Remuneration of each Managing Board member is set by the Supervisory Board with 
due observance of the Issuer's remuneration policy. 
All members of the Supervisory Board are non-executive directors. All members of the Managing 
Board are executive directors and do not perform principal activities outside the Issuer that are 
significant with respect to the Issuer. 
The business address of each of the above mentioned Directors is Carnegieplein 4, 2517 KJ The 
Hague, The Netherlands. The abovementioned persons are members of the Supervisory Board and 
Managing Board (as applicable) of both NIBC Holding N.V. and NIBC Bank N.V. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee consists of Mr. D.M. Sluimers, Ms. A.G.Z. Kemna, and Mr J.J.M. Kremers 
(Chairman). The Audit Committee assists the Supervisory Board in monitoring the Issuer's systems 
of financial risk management and internal control, the integrity of its financial reporting process 
and the content of its annual and semi-annual financial statements and reports. The Audit 
Committee also advises on corporate governance and internal governance.  
The Audit Committee met on four regular occasions in 2020 (February, June, August and 
November) in presence of the members of the Managing Board. In August 2020, an additional 
meeting was held in which the half year results 2020 were discussed. By mutual agreement the 
external auditor was represented at all meetings of the Audit Committee in 2020. The external 
auditor had regular meetings with the Audit Committee without the members of the Managing 
Board being present. 
In 2020, the Audit Committee extensively reviewed the Issuer’s quarterly financial highlights, 
interim and annual financial reports and related press releases. It discussed the draft reports of the

--- Page 175 ---
171 
 
 
 
external auditor, including its Audit Results Report, before the reports were discussed in the 
Supervisory Board meeting. 
Following the initial impact of COVID-19, the company prepared several (multiyear) financial 
scenarios as part of its ICAAP/ILAAP process. These scenarios have been discussed in and 
challenged by the Audit Committee and the Supervisory Board in the second quarter of 2020 and 
form the basis for in depth discussions about NIBC’s financial performance, including the 
development of the bank’s net profit, business growth and the development of spreads and 
cost/income ratios. Furthermore, the Audit Committee reviewed the Issuer’s liquidity and its 
funding profile, and the development of related liquidity and solvency ratios. The Audit Committee 
was informed specifically on the IT infrastructure and IT Governance.  
Specific topics discussed with the auditor dealt with loan loss provisioning including the 
management overlay, outsourcing monitoring, new developments and their impact on financial 
figures. The Management Letter 2020 was discussed in the November meeting. Main topics in the 
Management Letter are the Expected Credit Losses (ECL) model performance and the 
management overlay as well as system/application access management in the IT environment. Also 
remote working and cybersecurity were a topic.  
Next to the regular topics mentioned before, the Audit Committee also discussed and has taken 
notice of management views and arguments on the interpretation of the ECB/EBA guidelines, 
budget 2021, COVID-19 impact on the Issuer’s financial performance, dividend policy, the rating 
of NIBC Bank and the main topics discussed in the Disclosure Committee. The external auditor 
also reported on its independence towards the Audit Committee which was further discussed by 
the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee annually assesses the Issuer’s compliance with the 
Dutch Corporate Governance Code and reports thereon towards the Supervisory Board.  
The Audit Committee took note of and discussed the Issuer’s consultations with DNB. As part of 
the yearly cycle, the Audit Committee discussed the main observations made by DNB in its annual 
SREP letter and the impact on the business/capital positions of the bank. The Audit Committee 
took note of the follow-up of DNB’s observations from previous on-site examinations.  
The Audit Committee discussed the annual plan and quarterly reports of Internal, and evaluated 
the Internal Audit’s Charter, Policy and Standards. The Audit Committee continued to take note of 
the (timely remediation of) Measures of Improvement, reported by DNB, the external auditor and 
Internal Audit. Both the internal and external auditor reported on the quality and effectiveness of 
governance, internal control and risk management. 
3. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
See the information set out in "Business Description of NIBC Bank N.V.", paragraph 3.2 above. 
4. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
4.1 
Financial Statements 
This information is incorporated by reference. 
4.2 
Auditing of Historical Annual Financial Information 
This information is incorporated by reference. 
4.3 
Latest Financial Information 
Audited financial information is dated as at 31 December 2020 
4.4 
Interim and Other Financial Information 
Not applicable. 
4.5 
Documents on Display 
See "General Information – Documents Available".

--- Page 176 ---
172 
 
 
 
4.6 
Alternative Performance Measures 
This information is incorporated by reference.

--- Page 177 ---
173 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
TAX WARNING 
Potential investors and sellers of Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay stamp taxes or 
other documentary taxes or fiscal duties or charges in accordance with the laws and practices of the country 
where the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In addition, payments of interest on the Notes, or 
profits realised in respect of the Notes or Coupons, may be subject to taxation, including withholding taxes, 
in the jurisdiction of the Issuer, in the jurisdiction of the holder of Notes or Coupons, or in other jurisdictions 
in which the holder of Notes or Coupons is required to pay taxes. Any such tax consequences may have an 
impact on the income received from the Notes. 
Prospective investors should consult their own independent tax advisers about their tax position. In addition, 
prospective investors should be aware that tax regulations and their application by the relevant taxation 
authorities change from time to time. Accordingly, it is not possible to predict the precise tax treatment 
which will apply at any given time. 
The Netherlands 
The following summary describes the principal Netherlands tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, 
redemption and disposal of Notes, which term, for the purpose of this summary, includes Coupons and 
Talons. This summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Netherlands tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, to hold, and to dispose of the Notes. Each 
prospective Noteholder should consult a professional adviser with respect to the tax consequences of an 
investment in the Notes. The discussion of certain Netherlands taxes set forth below is included for general 
information purposes only. 
This summary is based on The Netherlands tax legislation, published case law, treaties, rules, regulations 
and similar documentation, in force as of the date of this Offering Circular, without prejudice to any 
amendments introduced at a later date and implemented with retroactive effect. Where in this summary the 
terms "The Netherlands" and "Dutch" are used, these terms solely refer to the part of the Kingdom of The 
Netherlands that is situated in Europe. 
This summary does not address The Netherlands tax consequences of: 
(a) 
a Noteholder holding a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer, within the meaning 
of Section 4.3 of the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001). Generally 
speaking, a Noteholder (including both individuals and entities) holds a substantial interest in the 
Issuer, if such Noteholder, alone or together with his or her partner (statutory defined term) or 
certain other related persons, directly or indirectly, holds (i) an interest of five per cent. or more 
of the total issued capital of the Issuer or of five per cent. or more of the issued capital of a certain 
class of shares of the Issuer, (ii) rights to acquire, directly or indirectly, such interest or (iii) certain 
profit sharing rights in the Issuer; 
(b) 
a Noteholder qualifying as an investment institution (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen);  
(c) 
a Noteholder qualifying as a pension fund, exempt investment institution (vrijgestelde 
beleggingsinstellingen) or other entity that is exempt from Netherlands corporate income tax. 
Where in this summary reference is made to a "Noteholder", this includes, without limitation, an individual 
to whom, or an entity to which, benefits derived from Notes are attributed for Dutch tax purposes. 
General 
The Issuer has been advised that under the existing laws of The Netherlands: 
(a) 
all payments by the Issuer under the Notes (other than to holders that are related entities in respect 
of the Issuer (within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021)) can be made free of 
withholding or deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed 
by The Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. Payments 
made by the Issuer under the Notes to holders of Notes that are related entities in respect of the 
Issuer (within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021), may be subject to a

--- Page 178 ---
174 
 
 
 
withholding tax at a rate of 25% in 2021 if such related entity (i) is considered to be resident 
(gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing 
states and noncooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten en niet-
coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden) (a "Listed Jurisdiction"), or (ii) has a 
permanent establishment located in a Listed Jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) 
is entitled to the interest payable for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation 
for another person, or (iv) is a hybrid entity, or (v) is not resident in any jurisdiction, all within the 
meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021).  
For purposes of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021, an entity is considered a related entity if:  
(i) such entity has a Qualifying Interest (as defined below) in the Issuer;  
(ii) the Issuer has a Qualifying Interest in such entity; or  
(iii) a third party has a Qualifying Interest in both the Issuer and such entity.  
The term "Qualifying Interest" means a directly or indirectly held interest – either individually or 
jointly as part of a collaborating group (samenwerkende groep) – that confers a definite influence 
over the company's decisions and allows the holder of such interest to determine its activities 
(within the meaning of case law of the European Court of Justice on the right of establishment 
(vrijheid van vestiging)).  
For the fiscal year 2021, the following 23 jurisdictions are Listed Jurisdictions: American Samoa, 
Anguilla, Bahamas, Bahrain, Barbados, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, 
Fiji, Guam, Guernsey, Isle of Man, Jersey, Palau, Panama, Samoa, Seychelles, Trinidad and 
Tobago, Turkmenistan, Turks and Caicos Islands, Vanuatu, the United Arab Emirates and the U.S. 
Virgin Islands. 
See also the risk factor "A. 1. If the Issuer has the option to redeem any Notes, this may limit the 
market value of the Notes and, if any Notes are redeemed prior to their maturity, an investor may 
not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves the same effective 
return" under "Factors which are material for assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme" above for the risks associated with such optional redemption features; 
(b) 
a Noteholder deriving income from a Note or realising a gain on the disposal or redemption of a 
Note will not be subject to Netherlands taxation on income or capital gains unless: 
(i) 
the holder is treated as resident in The Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions; or 
(ii) 
such income or gain is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is carried on by 
or for the benefit of the Noteholder through a permanent establishment or a permanent 
representative in The Netherlands; or 
(iii) 
the holder is an individual and such income or gain qualifies as income from miscellaneous 
activities (belastbaar resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) in The Netherlands as defined 
in section 3.4 of the Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001; 
(c) 
Netherlands gift, estate or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of a 
Note by way of gift by, or on the death, of a Noteholder, unless: 
(i) 
the Noteholder is, or is deemed to be, a resident of The Netherlands for the purpose of The 
Netherlands gift and inheritance tax (Successiewet 1956); or 
(ii) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or as a gift made by or on behalf of a person 
who, at the time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be, resident in The Netherlands for 
the purpose of the relevant provisions; 
(d) 
there is no Netherlands registration tax, capital tax, customs duty, stamp duty or any other similar 
tax or duty other than court fees payable in The Netherlands in respect of or in connection with the 
execution, delivery and enforcement by legal proceedings (including any foreign judgment in the 
courts of The Netherlands) of the Notes or the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the 
Notes;

--- Page 179 ---
175 
 
 
 
(e) 
there is no Netherlands value added tax payable in respect of payments in consideration for the 
issue of a Note or in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Notes or the transfer 
of a Note; and 
(f) 
a holder of a Note will not have a permanent establishment, or be deemed to have a permanent 
establishment, in The Netherlands by reason only of the holding of a Note or the execution, 
performance delivery and/or enforcement of a Note. 
Luxembourg 
The comments below are intended as a basic summary of certain withholding tax consequences in relation 
to the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Notes under Luxembourg law. Persons who are in any doubt 
as to their tax position should consult a professional tax adviser. 
Withholding tax 
All payments of interest and principal by the Issuer in the context of the holding, disposal, redemption or 
repurchase of the Notes, which are not profit sharing, can be made free and clear of any withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by 
Luxembourg or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, in accordance with the 
applicable Luxembourg law, subject however to regarding Luxembourg resident individual holders of 
Notes, the application of the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005 introducing a final withholding tax on 
certain interest produced by savings income, as amended (the "RELIBI Law").  
Pursuant to RELIBI Law, Luxembourg resident individuals who are the beneficial owners of interest or 
similar income (within the meaning of the RELIBI Law) paid by a paying agent (within the meaning of the 
RELIBI Law) established outside Luxembourg, in a Member State of either the European Union or a State 
of the European Economic Area can opt to self-declare and pay a 20 per cent. tax (the "Levy") on such 
interest or similar income. 
The 20 per cent. withholding tax as described above or the Levy are final when Luxembourg resident 
individuals are acting in the context of the management of their private wealth. 
The United Kingdom 
The following, which applies only to persons who are beneficial owners of the Notes, is a summary of the 
Issuer's understanding of current law and HM Revenue and Customs practice in the United Kingdom as at 
the date of this Offering Circular relating to the withholding tax treatment of interest paid on the Notes and 
does not deal with any other United Kingdom taxation implications of acquiring, holding or disposing of 
the Notes. Prospective Noteholders who may be subject to tax in a jurisdiction other than the United 
Kingdom should seek their own professional advice. 
Interest on the Notes 
Under current United Kingdom law and practice, if any interest on the Notes were to be regarded as yearly 
interest arising in the United Kingdom then the payer of such interest would be obliged to withhold from 
any payment of such interest United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.), subject 
to any applicable exemption. 
Provided: (i) such Notes are and continue to be listed on a "recognised stock exchange" within the meaning 
of section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007 (in the case of Notes to be traded on Euronext in Amsterdam, 
which is a recognised stock exchange, this condition will be satisfied if the Notes are (a) officially listed by 
a "competent authority" in The Netherlands for the purposes of Council Directive 2001/34/EC and any 
Dutch legislation giving effect to that Directive on Euronext in Amsterdam; and (b) admitted to trading on 
Euronext in Amsterdam); or (ii) such Notes are the subject of a direction by Her Majesty's Revenue & 
Customs under any applicable double taxation treaty; payments of interest on the Notes may be made 
without deduction or withholding, or (under certain double taxation treaties) at a reduced rate of 
withholding for or on account of United Kingdom income tax.

--- Page 180 ---
176 
 
 
 
Provision of information 
HMRC have powers to obtain information, including in relation to interest or payments treated as interest 
and payments derived from securities. This may include details of the beneficial owners of the Notes (or 
the persons for whom the Notes are held), details of the persons to whom payments derived from the Notes 
are or may be paid and information in connection with transactions relating to the Notes. Information 
obtained by HMRC may be provided to tax authorities in other countries.

--- Page 181 ---
177 
 
 
 
Common Reporting Standard 
On 1 January 2016, EU Council Directive 2014/107/EU entered into force which imposes a new automatic 
exchange of information regime in accordance with the global standard for automatic exchange of 
information published by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development. 
The exchange of information is expected to be governed by the broader Common Reporting Standard 
("CRS"). Currently, over 100 jurisdictions, including The Netherlands, have signed the multilateral 
competent authority agreement under CRS, which is a multilateral framework agreement to automatically 
exchange financial and personal information, with the subsequent bilateral exchanges coming into effect 
between those signatories that file the subsequent notifications. Around 50 jurisdictions, including The 
Netherlands, have committed to the first automatic exchanges in September 2017 (early adopters) and more 
than 50 other jurisdictions have committed to the first automatic exchange in 2018. Under CRS, financial 
institutions resident in a CRS country are required to report, according to a due diligence standard, account 
balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from financial assets and other 
income generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made with respect to the account. 
Reportable accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities (which includes trusts and 
foundations) with tax residency in another CRS country. The standards includes a requirement to look 
through passive entities to report on the relevant controlling persons. The first CRS reporting by financial 
institutions in early adopter jurisdictions has taken place in March 2017. 
As of 1 January 2016, CRS and EU Council Directive 2014/107/EU have been implemented in Netherlands 
law. As a result, the Issuer is required to comply with identification obligations as of 2016 and with 
reporting obligations as of 2017 on the records of 2016. Noteholders may be required to provide additional 
information to the Issuer to enable it to satisfy its identification obligations under the (Netherlands 
implementation of the) CRS. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the CRS 
and EU Council Directive 2014/107/EU. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations and 
other authoritative guidance thereunder ("FATCA") imposes a new reporting regime and potentially a 30 
per cent. withholding tax with respect to (i) certain payments from sources within the United States and 
gross proceeds from U.S. debt and equity securities and (ii) "foreign passthru payments" (a term not yet 
defined) to (x) any non-U.S. financial institution (a "foreign financial institution", or "FFI" (as defined 
by FATCA)) that neither becomes a "Participating FFI" by entering into an agreement with the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") to provide the IRS with certain information in respect of its account 
holders and investors nor is otherwise exempt from or in deemed compliance with FATCA; and (y) any 
investor (unless otherwise exempt from FATCA) that does not provide information sufficient to determine 
whether the investor is a U.S. person or should otherwise be treated as holding a "United States Account" 
of the relevant Participating FFI (a "Recalcitrant Holder"). The Issuer is classified as an FFI. 
The new withholding regime will be phased in beginning 1 July 2014 for payments from sources within the 
United States and will apply to "foreign passthru payments" by a Participating FFI no earlier than the date 
that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published 
in the U.S. Federal Register. This withholding would potentially apply to payments in respect of: (i) any 
Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for 
U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or after the "grandfathering date", which is the date that is six 
months after the date on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the term foreign passthru payment 
are filed with the Federal Register, or which are materially modified on or after the grandfathering date; 
and (ii) any Notes characterised as equity or which do not have a fixed term for U.S. federal tax purposes, 
whenever issued. If Notes are issued before the grandfathering date, and additional Notes of the same series 
are issued on or after that date, the additional Notes may not be treated as grandfathered, which may have 
negative consequences for the existing Notes, including a negative impact on market price. 
The United States and The Netherlands have entered into an Intergovernmental Agreement to facilitate the 
implementation of FATCA (the "Dutch IGA"). Pursuant to the Dutch IGA, most FFIs in The Netherlands 
should be treated as "Reporting FIs" that would generally not be subject to withholding under FATCA on 
any payments they receive. Further, an FFI in The Netherlands generally would not be required to withhold

--- Page 182 ---
178 
 
 
 
under FATCA or an IGA (or any law implementing an IGA) (any such withholding being a "FATCA 
Withholding") from payments it makes. Under the Dutch IGA, a Reporting FI would still be required to 
report certain information in respect of its account holders and investors to the local tax authorities. 
The Bank and financial institutions through which payments on the Notes are made may be required to 
withhold FATCA Withholding if: (i) any FFI through or to which payment on such Notes is made is not a 
Participating FFI, a Reporting FI, or otherwise exempt from or in deemed compliance with FATCA; or (ii) 
an investor is a Recalcitrant Holder. 
Whilst the Notes are in global form and held within the clearing systems, it is expected that FATCA will 
not affect the amount of any payments made under, or in respect of, the Notes by the Bank or any paying 
agent, given that each of the entities in the payment chain between the Bank and the participants in the 
clearing systems is a major financial institution whose business is dependent on compliance with FATCA 
and that any alternative approach introduced under an intergovernmental agreement will be unlikely to 
affect the Notes. The documentation expressly contemplates the possibility that the Notes may go into 
definitive form and therefore that they may be taken out of the clearing systems. If this were to happen, 
then a non-FATCA compliant holder could be subject to FATCA Withholding. However, definitive Notes 
will only be printed in remote circumstances. 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application is uncertain at this time. The above description is 
based in part on regulations, official guidance and intergovernmental agreements, all of which are 
subject to change or may be implemented in a materially different form. Prospective investors should 
consult their tax advisers on how these rules may apply to the Bank and to payments they may receive 
in connection with the Notes. 
TO ENSURE COMPLIANCE WITH IRS CIRCULAR 230, EACH TAXPAYER IS HEREBY NOTIFIED 
THAT: (A) ANY TAX DISCUSSION HEREIN IS NOT INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND 
CANNOT BE USED BY THE TAXPAYER FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING U.S. FEDERAL 
INCOME TAX PENALTIES THAT MAY BE IMPOSED ON THE TAXPAYER; (B) ANY SUCH TAX 
DISCUSSION WAS WRITTEN TO SUPPORT THE PROMOTION OR MARKETING OF THE 
TRANSACTIONS OR MATTERS ADDRESSED HEREIN; AND (C) THE TAXPAYER SHOULD 
SEEK ADVICE BASED ON THE TAXPAYER'S PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN 
INDEPENDENT TAX ADVISER.

--- Page 183 ---
179 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an Amended and Restated Dealership Agreement dated 25 June 2021 (the "Dealership 
Agreement") agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which it may from time to time agree to purchase Notes 
(provided that no Registered Notes may be purchased by NIBC Bank N.V. in its capacity as Dealer). Any 
such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes". 
General 
The Dealers have agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Offering Circular and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor 
any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers represent that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche of Unlisted Notes or Notes which are subject of a Pricing Supplement, the 
relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional restrictions as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Unlisted Notes) in respect of any Notes contains 
a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Directive 2016/97/EU (the "IDD"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not contain the legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, in relation to each Member State of the European 
Economic Area (each, a "Relevant State"), that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the applicable Final 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes 
to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 184 ---
180 
 
 
 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) (inclusive) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe the Notes. 
The Netherlands 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive form may only be transferred and accepted, directly or 
indirectly, within, from or into The Netherlands through the mediation of either the Issuer or a member firm 
of Euronext Amsterdam N.V., admitted in a function on one or more markets or systems held or operated 
by Euronext Amsterdam N.V., in accordance with the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake 
spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended). 
No such mediation is required: (a) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of rights representing an interest 
in a Global Note; (b) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form 
between individuals who do not act in the conduct of a business or profession; (c) to the initial issue of Zero 
Coupon Notes in definitive form to the first holders thereof; or (d) in respect of the transfer and acceptance 
of such Zero Coupon Notes within, from or into The Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes (either in 
definitive form or as rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form) of any particular 
Series/Tranche are issued outside The Netherlands and are not distributed into The Netherlands in the 
course of initial distribution or immediately thereafter. 
In the event that the Savings Certificates Act applies, certain identification requirements in relation to the 
issue and transfer of, and payments on, Zero Coupon Notes have to be complied with. 
As used herein "Zero Coupon Notes" are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a 
fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on which no 
interest is due whatsoever. 
United States 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws 
of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons (as that term is defined in 
Regulation S), except in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act or in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state 
or local securities laws, accordingly, the Notes are being offered, sold or delivered only to non-
U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) outside the U.S. in reliance on Regulation S; 
(b) 
it has not and will not solicit offers for, or offer or sell, Notes by means of any general solicitation 
or general advertising (within the meaning of Rule 502(c) under the Securities Act) in the United 
States or otherwise in any manner involving a public offering within the meaning of Section 4(a)(2) 
of the Securities Act; 
(c) 
neither it nor any of its affiliates (as defined in the Securities Act) nor any person acting on its or 
their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts (within the meaning of 
Regulation S) with respect to the Notes and it and they have and will comply with the offering 
restrictions requirement of Regulation S under the Securities Act; and

--- Page 185 ---
181 
 
 
 
(d) 
except as permitted in the Dealership Agreement and as described above, it will not offer, sell or 
deliver Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as 
part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche and that at or prior to the confirmation 
of the sale of Notes, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling 
concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes from it during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation notice to substantially the following effect: 
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the US Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"), and may not be offered and sold within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, US persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time and (ii) 
otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date, 
except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used above 
have the meaning given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act." 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to U.S. persons, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by the United 
States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
Where the relevant Final Terms specify that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, the Notes will be issued 
in accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA 
D Rules"). Where the relevant Final Terms specify that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable, the Notes will 
be issued in accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the 
"TEFRA C Rules"). Where the relevant Final Terms specify that TEFRA is not applicable, the Notes will 
not be issued in accordance with the provisions of either the TEFRA D Rules or the TEFRA C Rules. 
The TEFRA D Rules 
In addition, 
(1) 
except to the extent permitted under the TEFRA D Rules, (a) each Dealer has not offered or sold, 
and during a 40-day restricted period will not offer or sell, Notes in bearer form to a person who is 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, and (b) each Dealer has not 
delivered and will not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Notes in bearer 
form that are sold during the restricted period; 
(2) 
each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has and throughout the restricted period will have 
in effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly 
engaged in selling Notes in bearer form are aware that such Notes may not be offered or sold during 
the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United 
States person, except as permitted by the TEFRA D Rules; 
(3) 
any Dealer that is a United States person has represented that it will be acquiring the Notes in 
bearer form for purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and if it will retain 
Notes in bearer form for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of 
US Treas. Reg § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6); and 
(4) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from each Dealer Notes in bearer form for the purpose 
of offering or selling such Notes during the restricted period, each Dealer has agreed that it will 
obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the Issuer, the representations and agreements contained 
in clauses (1), (2) and (3). 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the US Internal Revenue Code and 
regulations thereunder, including the TEFRA D Rules. 
The TEFRA C Rules 
In addition, under the TEFRA C Rules, Notes in bearer form must be issued and delivered outside the 
United States and its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Each Dealer has not offered, 
sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes in bearer form within the 
United States or its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Further, in connection with the

--- Page 186 ---
182 
 
 
 
original issuance of Notes in bearer form, each Dealer has not communicated, and will not communicate, 
directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if such purchaser or such Dealer is within the United 
States or its possessions or otherwise involve such Dealer's US office in the offer or sale of Notes in bearer 
form. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the US Internal Revenue Code and 
regulations thereunder, including the TEFRA C Rules. 
Furthermore, each Series of Notes will also be subject to such further United States selling restrictions as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer or Dealers may agree and as indicated in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Unlisted Notes) in respect of any Notes contains 
a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); 
or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the "FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not contain the legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the final terms in 
relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in the United Kingdom:  
(a) 
at any time to any person or legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) (inclusive) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and

--- Page 187 ---
183 
 
 
 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of United 
Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA 
by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if the Issuer was not an 
FSMA authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in 
Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-
offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA 
and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium 
This Offering Circular has not been submitted for approval to the Belgian Financial Services and Markets 
Authority. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree that Notes that have a maturity of less than 12 months 
and qualify as money market instruments (and that therefore fall outside the scope of the Prospectus 
Regulation) will not be distributed in Belgium by way of a public offering, as defined for the purposes of 
the law of 16 June 2006 on public offerings of investment instruments and the admission of investment 
instruments to trading on regulated markets (as amended or replaced from time to time). 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not advertised, offered, sold or delivered and will not advertise, 
offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes to any Belgian Consumers, and has not distributed or 
caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, any prospectus, memorandum, 
information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to 
any Belgian Consumer. For these purposes, a "Belgian Consumer" has the meaning provided by the Belgian

--- Page 188 ---
184 
 
 
 
Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch 
recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de droit économique), being any natural person resident or located in 
Belgium and acting for purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or profession. 
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed that, save as set out below, it has not offered or sold, and will not 
offer or sell, any Notes in the Republic of Italy in a solicitation to the public and that sales of the Notes in 
the Republic of Italy shall be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control 
and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes 
or distribute copies of this Offering Circular or of any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic 
of Italy, except: 
(i)  
to "qualified investors" (investitori qualificati), as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 
June 2017 (the "Prospectus Regulation", as amended); or 
(ii) 
 to the extent that it may offer, sell or deliver Notes or distribute copies of any prospectus relating 
to such Notes in an offer to the public in the period commencing on the date of publication of such 
prospectus, provided that such prospectus has been approved in another Relevant State and notified 
to Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB"), all in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the "Decree 
No. 58") and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended ("Regulation No. 
11971"), and ending on the date which is 12 months after the date of approval of such prospectus; 
or 
(iii)  
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to the 
Prospectus Regulation, Decree No. 58 or Regulation No. 11971. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Offering Circular or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must: 
(a)  
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as 
amended (the "Banking Act"), Decree No. 58, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 
2018, as amended and any other applicable laws and regulations; and 
(b)  
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the 
Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of 
the Banking Act pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the 
offer of securities in the Republic of Italy and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy 
issued on 25 August 2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market in the Republic of Italy 
Investors should also note that, in any subsequent distribution of the Notes in the Republic of Italy, Article 
100-bis of Decree No. 58 may require compliance with the law relating to public offers of securities. 
Furthermore, where the Notes are placed solely with "qualified investors" and are then systematically resold 
on the secondary market at any time in the 12 months following such placing, purchasers of Notes who are 
acting outside of the course of their business or profession may in certain circumstances be entitled to 
declare such purchase void and, in addition, to claim damages from any authorised person at whose 
premises the Notes were purchased, unless an exemption provided for under Decree No. 58 applies. 
Switzerland 
This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer to the public or a solicitation to purchase or invest in 
any Notes. No Notes have been offered or will be offered to the public in Switzerland, except that offers of 
Notes may be made to the public in Switzerland at any time under the following exemptions under the 
Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA"):

--- Page 189 ---
185 
 
 
 
(a)  
to any person which is a professional client as defined under the FinSA; 
 
(b)  
in any other circumstances falling within Article 36 FinSA in connection with Article 44 of the 
Swiss Financial Services Ordinance, 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 35 FinSA. 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be listed or admitted to trading on a trading venue in Switzerland. 
 
Neither this Offering Circular nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes 
a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA and neither this Offering Circular nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made 
publicly available in Switzerland. 
 
The Notes are not a collective investment scheme as per the Swiss Act on Collective Investment Schemes 
and are not subject to the authorization or supervision by the Swiss Financial market Supervisory Authority 
FINMA and investors in the Notes will not benefit from protection or supervision by such authority.  
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that (i) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, 
by means of any document, any Notes other than (a) to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong ("SFO") and any rules made under that the SFO; or (b) 
in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the 
"C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; 
and (ii) it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or 
document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or 
read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) 
other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong 
Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Offering Circular has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore under the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered or sold any Notes or caused any Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase nor will it offer or sell Notes or cause any Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, nor has it circulated or distributed nor will it circulate or distribute this Offering 
Circular or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription 
or purchase, of any Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (a) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a 
relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to an offer referred to in Section 275(1) 
of the SFA, or any person pursuant to an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance 
with the applicable conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,

--- Page 190 ---
186 
 
 
 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the 
SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust 
shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes 
pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA, except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
South Korea 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Investment Services and Capital 
Markets Act of Korea (the "FSCMA"). Accordingly, each Dealer severally but not jointly has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that the Notes have not been and will not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to or for the 
account or benefit of any Korean resident (as such term is defined in the Foreign Exchange Transaction 
Law of Korea and its Enforcement Decree) except as otherwise permitted under applicable Korean laws 
and regulations. Furthermore, a holder of the Notes will be prohibited from offering or selling any Notes, 
directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any Korean resident for a period of one year from the date of issuance 
of the Notes except as otherwise permitted under applicable Korean laws and regulations. Each Dealer 
severally but not jointly undertakes, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to undertake, to use commercially reasonable best measures as a Dealer in the ordinary course of 
its business so that any securities dealer to which it sells the Notes confirms that it is purchasing such Notes 
as principal and agrees with such Dealer that it will comply with the restrictions described above. 
Taiwan 
The Notes, if listed on the Taipei Exchange for sale to professional or general investors in Taiwan and to 
the extent permitted by the relevant Taiwan laws and regulations, may be sold in Taiwan to all professional 
or general investors, as applicable, or, if not listed in Taiwan, may be made available, (i) to Taiwan resident 
investors outside Taiwan for purchase by such investors outside Taiwan; (ii) to the Offshore Banking Units 
of Taiwan banks, the Offshore Securities Units of Taiwan securities firms or the Offshore Insurance Units 
of Taiwan insurance companies purchasing the Notes either for their proprietary account or for the accounts 
of their non-Taiwan clients; and/or (iii) to investors in Taiwan through licensed financial institutions to the 
extent permitted under relevant Taiwan laws and regulations, but may not, otherwise be offered, sold or 
resold in Taiwan.

--- Page 191 ---
187 
 
 
 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
Each purchaser of Notes outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S and each subsequent purchaser 
of such Notes in resales prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, by accepting delivery 
of this Offering Circular and the Notes, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(1) 
It is, or at the time Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Notes and (a) it is not 
a U.S. person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of Regulation S), (b) 
it is not acquiring such Notes for the account or benefit of a U.S. person and (c) it is not an affiliate 
of the Issuer or a person acting on behalf of such an affiliate. 
(2) 
It understands that such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act 
and that, prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, it will not offer, sell, pledge 
or otherwise transfer such Notes except in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or 
Rule 904 of Regulation S. 
(3) 
It understands that such Notes, unless otherwise determined by the Issuer in accordance with 
applicable law, will bear a legend to the following: 
THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE "SECURITIES ACT") OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OT OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN 
EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
(4) 
The Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth and 
accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgments, representations and agreements and it agrees that, if 
any of the acknowledgments, representations or warranties deemed to have been made by it in 
connection with its purchase of Notes are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer 
and, if applicable, any Agent through which it purchased any Notes. If it is acquiring any Notes for 
the account of one or more qualified institutional buyers it represents that it has sole investment 
discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgments, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account.

--- Page 192 ---
188 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme have been duly authorised by 
resolutions of the Managing Board of the Issuer dated 1 December 2020, and further authorised by an 
authorisation under the funding plan by a member of the Managing Board and a proxy holder of the Issuer 
dated 21 June 2021. All consents, approvals, authorisations or other orders of all regulatory authorities 
required by the Issuer under the laws of The Netherlands have been given for the issue of Notes and for the 
Issuer to undertake and perform its obligations under the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Notes. 
Listing 
Application has been made to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. for Notes issued under the Programme up to the 
expiry of 12 months from the date of this Offering Circular to be admitted to listing and trading on Euronext 
in Amsterdam, the regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. The admission of Notes to Euronext in 
Amsterdam will be expressed as a percentage of their nominal amount (excluding accrued interest). It is 
expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to listing and trading on trading on Euronext 
in Amsterdam will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of a Global Note or 
Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme 
which will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by Euronext in Amsterdam or any other 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or which will be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealers may agree, subject to the terms of the Dealership Agreement. 
Auditors 
The auditor of the Issuer is Ernst & Young Accountants LLP ("EY") for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020 and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019, who have audited the Issuer's 
Consolidated Financial Statements, without qualification, in accordance with the laws of The Netherlands, 
including Dutch Standards on Auditing, for each of the two financial years ended on 31 December 2020 
and 31 December 2019. The registeraccountants of EY are members of the NBA (Koninklijke Nederlandse 
Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants – the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants). The 
NBA is the professional body for accountants in the Netherlands. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Offering Circular, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available upon reasonable request during normal business hours from the 
registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent: 
(i) 
an English translation of the most recent Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the publicly available annual reports (non consolidated and consolidated) of the Issuer for the two 
most recent financial years, and the most recently available published unaudited consolidated 
interim (semi-annual) financial statements of the Issuer (in English); 
(iii) 
the Fiscal Agency Agreement; 
(iv) 
a copy of this Offering Circular; 
(v) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements including 
Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will 
only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent as to its holding of the Notes and identity) to this 
Offering Circular and any Supplementary Offering Circular and any other documents incorporated 
herein or therein by reference; 
(vi) 
Pricing Supplements (in the case of Unlisted Notes) (save that a Pricing Supplement will only be 
available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence

--- Page 193 ---
189 
 
 
 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) for each 
Tranche of Notes; and 
(vii) 
the Issuer ICSDs Agreement. 
Any Final Terms referred to in paragraph (v) above will be published and will be published on the Issuer’s 
website (https://www.nibc.com/about-nibc/investor-relations/debt-investors/euro-medium-term-notes/). 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries taken as a whole which has occurred since 31 December 2020, and there has been no material 
adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 31 December 2020. 
The potentially adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Issuer’s (and its subsidiaries’) financial 
performance, financial position and prospects is yet to be determined and therefore uncertain. The Issuer 
expects the COVID-19 outbreak to adversely impact its 2021 financial performance. However, the Issuer 
is, at this stage, unable to quantify the magnitude and duration of such impact. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Litigation 
There are not and have not been any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months before the 
date of this Offering Circular which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the 
financial position or profitability of the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
Clearing and Settlement Systems 
The Notes will be accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The relevant 
Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance. 
The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the 
Notes of each Series will be specified in the Final Terms relating thereto. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B 1210 Brussels, 
Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking SA, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
L- 1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg. 
Post-issuance information 
Other than in relation to any Series of Green Bonds, the Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance 
information in relation to any issues of Notes. Any post-issuance information in relation to Green Bonds 
can be found on the website as specified in the relevant Final Terms and/or Pricing Supplement. 
Certain of the Dealers transacting with the Issuer or its affiliates 
Certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer 
and its respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their 
business activities, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments 
and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. Certain 
of the Dealers or their respective affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their respective affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading

--- Page 194 ---
190 
 
 
 
prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their respective affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
Where the Issuer acts as Calculation Agent or Independent Adviser or the Calculation Agent Rate or 
Independent Adviser is an affiliate of the Issuer, potential conflicts of interest may exist between the 
Calculation Agent, respectively Independent Adviser, and holders of Notes, including with respect to 
certain determinations and judgments that the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Terms and 
Conditions that may influence the amount receivable on the Notes. 
Passporting 
The Issuer may, on or after the date of this Offering Circular, make applications for one or more certificates 
of approval under Article 26 of the Prospectus Regulation to be issued by the AFM to the competent 
authority in any Member State. 
The Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI ) code of the Issuer is B64D6Y3LBJS4ANNPCU93.

--- Page 195 ---
191 
 
 
 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
€STR .................................................................. 2 
2006 ISDA Definitions ...............................64, 73 
30/360 .............................................................. 76 
30E/360 ........................................................... 76 
30E/360 (ISDA)............................................... 77 
Accountholder ................................................. 61 
Actual/360 ....................................................... 76 
Actual/365 ....................................................... 75 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ........................................... 76 
Actual/365 (Sterling) ....................................... 76 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) ..................................... 75 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ...................................... 75 
Additional Business Centre(s) ......................... 64 
Additional Financial Centre(s) ........................ 64 
Affiliate ........................................................... 64 
AFM .................................................................. 1 
Amortised Face Amount ................................ 120 
Amsterdam Banking Day ................................ 69 
Applicable Resolution Framework .................. 64 
AY ................................................................. 120 
Basel Committee ........................................... 165 
Basel III ......................................................... 165 
Bearer Notes .................................................... 55 
Benchmarks Regulation ..................................... 2 
Blackstone ..................................................... 160 
borrowed moneys .......................................... 110 
BRRD .......................................................23, 167 
Business Day ................................................... 64 
Business Day Convention ................................ 73 
Calculation Agent ............................................ 64 
Capital Event ................................................... 64 
CET1 ............................................................. 165 
CGN ................................................................ 61 
Classic Global Note ......................................... 61 
Clearing System Business Day .................62, 114 
CMS Rate ........................................................ 74 
CMS Rate 1 ..................................................... 74 
CMS Rate 2 ..................................................... 75 
CMS Reference Rate ....................................... 98 
CMS Reference Rate Spread ........................... 98 
CMS Steepener Rate ........................................ 98 
CMS-Linked Interest Note .............................. 65 
CMS-Linked Interest Rate ............................... 98 
Commission's Proposal .................................... 47 
Competent Authority ....................................... 65 
Conditions .................................. 48, 63, 128, 143 
CONSOB ....................................................... 184 
control .............................................................. 64 
Couponholders ................................................. 65 
Coupons ........................................................... 56 
CRD ................................................................. 65 
CRD Directive ..........................................65, 165 
CRR ..........................................................65, 165 
Day Count Fraction ......................................... 75 
Dealership Agreement ................................... 179 
Definitive Notes............................................... 56 
Deposit Guarantee Scheme ...................... 25, 168 
Designated Maturity ................................... 77, 98 
Determination Date .......................................... 81 
Disputes .......................................................... 126 
Disqualified Capital Instruments ...................... 32 
DNB ................................................................. 24 
DNIB .............................................................. 161 
Dutch IGA ...................................................... 177 
Dutch Intervention Act ..................................... 23 
EBA.......................................................... 20, 167 
ECB .................................................. 28, 141, 165 
EDIS ................................................................. 26 
EEA .................................................................... 1 
Eligible Green Assets ....................................... 40 
ESMA ................................................................ 2 
ESMA Benchmarks Register ............................. 2 
Established Rate ............................................... 73 
EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy ................. 41 
EURIBOR .................................................... 2, 65 
euro .................................................................. 73 
Euro zone ......................................................... 83 
Eurobond Basis ................................................ 76 
Euronext Amsterdam ................................... 1, 10 
Eurosystem ............................................. 141, 156 
EUWA ................................................................ 1 
Event of Default ............................................. 109 
events ....................................................... 23, 167 
Exchange Date ................................................. 55 
Exchange Event ................................................ 56 
Exchange Notice .............................................. 72 
FATCA .................................................... 65, 177 
FATCA Withholding ..................................... 178 
FFI .................................................................. 177 
FIEA ............................................................... 183 
Final Redemption Amount ............................. 115 
Final Terms ........................................ 2, 1, 48, 63 
FinSA ............................................................. 184 
First Entity........................................................ 64 
First Reset Period ............................................. 79 
First Reset Rate ................................................ 80 
Fiscal Agency Agreement ................................ 63 
Fiscal Agent ..................................................... 63 
Fixed Rate End Date ........................................ 65 
Fixed Rate Note ............................................... 65 
Fixed Rate Reset Note ...................................... 65 
Fixed Reset Rate Relevant Screen Page ........... 80 
Fixed to Floating Rate Note ............................. 65 
Floating Rate Note ........................................... 65 
Floating Rate Note Convention ........................ 73 
Following Business Day Convention ............... 74 
foreign financial institution ............................ 177 
foreign passthru payments .............................. 177 
FSB .................................................................. 25 
FSCMA .......................................................... 186 
FSMA ................................................................. 5 
FTT .................................................................. 47

--- Page 196 ---
192 
 
 
 
 
Future Capital Requirements Regulations ....... 65 
Global Note ..................................................... 55 
Global Registered Note(s) ............................... 59 
Green Bonds .................................................... 40 
Green Eligible Assets .................................... 157 
Guarantee ....................................................... 125 
Guidelines ...................................................... 167 
holders of Bearer Notes ..............................61, 68 
holders of Registered Notes ............................. 68 
IDD .................................................................... 1 
Individual Note Certificates ............................. 59 
Interest Amount ..........................................82, 99 
Interest Calculation Amount ............................ 77 
Interest Commencement Date ......................... 77 
Interest Payment Date ...................................... 77 
Interest Payment Date Extension ................... 121 
Interest Period .................................................. 77 
Investor .............................................................. 2 
IRS ................................................................. 177 
ISDA Determination ........................................ 97 
Issuer ........................................................... 1, 63 
LCR ............................................................... 166 
Leveraged CMS Reference Rate ..................... 98 
Leveraged CMS Reference Rate Spread ......... 98 
Linear Interpolation ......................................... 97 
Listed Jurisdiction ......................................... 174 
London Banking Day ...................................... 69 
London Business Day .................................... 100 
Managing Board ............................................ 170 
Margin ............................................................. 77 
Maturity Date Extension ................................ 121 
Maximum Rate of Interest ..........................77, 99 
Maximum Redemption Amount ...................... 66 
Mid-Swap Rate ................................................ 80 
MiFID II ............................................................ 1 
MiFID Product Governance Rules .................... 2 
Minimum Rate of Interest...........................77, 99 
Minimum Redemption Amount ....................... 66 
Modified Following Business Day Convention74 
MREL .............................................................. 24 
MREL Disqualification Event Call ................... 6 
New York Banking Day .................................. 69 
NGN ................................................................ 55 
NIBC Green Bond Framework ...................... 157 
Non Tier-2 Senior Claims.......................2, 31, 70 
Note Certificate ............................................... 69 
Noteholder ..................................................... 173 
Noteholders ..................................................... 66 
Notes .................................................................. 1 
Notification Date ........................................... 110 
NSFR ............................................................. 166 
Number of Extension Business Days .............. 66 
offer of Notes to the public .....................180, 182 
Offering Circular ....................................128, 143 
Offeror ............................................................... 2 
Optional Redemption Amount ................116, 117 
Participating FFI ............................................ 177 
participating Member States ............................ 47 
Passported Countries ......................................... 2 
Paying Agents .................................................. 63 
Payment Business Day ..................................... 67 
Period End Dates .............................................. 77 
Permanent Global Note .................................... 55 
Preceding Business Day Convention ............... 74 
Pricing Supplement ...................................... 2, 63 
PRIIPs Regulation .............................................. 1 
Principal Financial Centre ................................ 67 
Principles .......................................................... 40 
Proceedings .................................................... 126 
Programme ......................................................... 1 
Prospectus Regulation ........................................ 1 
Recalcitrant Holder ........................................ 177 
Recapitalisation ............................................ 7, 67 
Record Date.............................................. 62, 113 
Redeemed Notes ............................................ 117 
Redenomination Date ....................................... 73 
Reference Banks .............................................. 78 
Reference Bond ................................................ 80 
Reference Bond Rate........................................ 80 
Reference Currency .......................................... 78 
Reference Item ....................................... 132, 147 
Reference Rate ................................................. 78 
Registered Notes .............................................. 59 
Registrar ........................................................... 63 
Registrar Business Day .................................. 114 
Registrar City ................................................. 114 
Regular Period .................................................. 78 
Regulation S ....................................................... 1 
Regulatory Call .................................................. 5 
Relevant Date ................................................. 111 
relevant entity ........................................... 23, 167 
Relevant Financial Centre ................................ 78 
Relevant Resolution Authority ......................... 67 
Relevant Screen Page ....................................... 78 
Relevant State ................................................ 179 
Relevant Swap Rate ......................................... 78 
Representative Amount .................................... 78 
Reset Date ........................................................ 81 
Reset Determination Time ............................... 81 
Reset Margin .................................................... 81 
Reset Period ..................................................... 81 
Reset Rate ........................................................ 81 
Reset Reference Bank Mid-SwapMi Rate ........ 81 
Reset Reference Banks ..................................... 81 
Responsible Person .......................................... 48 
RP ................................................................... 120 
RWA .............................................................. 165 
Scheduled Interest Payment Date ................... 121 
Scheduled Maturity Date ................ 121, 129, 144 
Screen Rate Determination............................... 82 
SEC .................................................................. 49 
Securities Act ..................................... 1, 181, 187 
Senior Non-Preferred Note .............................. 67 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes ............................... 1 
Senior Preferred Note ....................................... 67 
Senior Preferred Notes ....................................... 1 
Series ............................................................ 2, 63 
SFA ................................................................ 185 
SFO ................................................................ 185

--- Page 197 ---
193 
 
 
 
 
Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product 
Classification ..................................................... 2 
Single Resolution Fund ................................... 26 
SOFR ................................................................. 2 
SONIA ............................................................... 2 
SREP ............................................................... 22 
SRM Regulation ............................................ 167 
SSM ............................................................... 165 
Statutory Loss Absorption ........................... 7, 67 
sub unit ............................................................ 78 
Subordinated Note ........................................... 67 
Subordinated Noteholders ............................... 67 
Subordinated Notes ........................................... 1 
Subsequent Reset Period ................................. 79 
Subsequent Reset Rate .................................... 81 
Substitute ....................................................... 125 
Supervisory Board ......................................... 170 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation .... 41 
Swap Rate Period ............................................ 81 
systemic risk .................................................... 14 
Talon .......................................................... 56, 63 
TARGET 2 ....................................................... 67 
TARGET Settlement Day ................................ 68 
TEFRA C Rules ....................................... 55, 181 
TEFRA D Rules ....................................... 55, 181 
Temporary Global Note ................................... 55 
The Netherlands ............................................. 112 
Tier 2 Senior Claims .............................. 2, 32, 71 
Tranche ........................................................ 2, 63 
Transfer Agent ................................................. 63 
Treaty ............................................................... 73 
UK ...................................................................... 1 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules .............. 2 
UK PRIIPs Regulation ....................................... 1 
UK Prospectus Regulation ............................. 183 
Unlisted Notes .............................................. 1, 63 
Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001 ........................ 173 
Wft ........................................................... 23, 165 
y ..................................................................... 120 
Zero Coupon Notes ........................................ 180

--- Page 198 ---
194 
 
 
 
 
ISSUER 
 
NIBC Bank N.V. 
 
Carnegieplein 4 
2517 KJ The Hague 
The Netherlands  
DEALERS 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahleraan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores 
S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
 Spain 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
NIBC Bank N.V. 
Carnegieplein 4 
2517 KJ The Hague 
The Netherlands 
Société Générale 
Immeuble Basalte 
17 Cours Valmy  
92987 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom

--- Page 199 ---
195 
 
 
 
 
AUDITORS OF THE ISSUER 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP 
Cross Towers 
Antonio Vivaldistraat 150 
1083 HP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
FISCAL AGENT AND REGISTRAR 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to the laws of The Netherlands 
Stibbe N.V. 
Beethovenplein 10 
1077 WM Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
To the Dealers as to the laws of The Netherlands 
Clifford Chance LLP 
IJsbaanpad 2 
1076 CV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands