--- Page 1 ---
Prospectus  
Dated 8 June 2023 
 
NN Group N.V. 
(a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands) 
€7,500,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
 
Under the Debt Issuance Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Prospectus”), NN Group N.V. 
(the “Issuer” or “NN Group”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time 
issue unsubordinated debt instruments (the “Senior Notes”) and subordinated debt instruments (the “Subordinated Notes” and, 
together with the Senior Notes, the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed 
€7,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten, the 
“AFM”) in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The AFM only 
approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Prospectus and of 
the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in the Notes.  
The period of validity of this Prospectus is 12 months from the date of the approval of this Prospectus. This Prospectus (as may 
be supplemented from time to time) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and its validity will expire on 8 June 2024. The 
obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not 
apply when this Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application has been made to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (“Euronext”) for the Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Amsterdam (“Euronext Amsterdam”).  
References in this Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been listed and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam. Euronext Amsterdam is a regulated market for the purposes 
of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments. However, unlisted 
Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme. The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify 
whether or not such Notes will be listed and admitted to trading on the Euronext Amsterdam (or any other stock exchange). 
Each Series (as defined in “Overview of the Programme—Method of Issue”) of Notes in bearer form will be represented on issue 
by a temporary global note in bearer form (each a “temporary Global Note”) or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a 
“permanent Global Note”). If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) 
form, the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper 
(the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”). Notes in registered form will be represented by registered certificates (each a “Certificate”), one Certificate being 
issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series. Registered Notes issued in global form 
will be represented by registered global certificates (“Global Certificates”). If a Global Certificate is held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure (the “NSS”) the Global Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant 
Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Global notes which are not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) and Global Certificates which are not held 
under the NSS will be deposited on the issue date of the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”). 
The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in 
“Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. 
The Issuer is rated BBB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and A+ by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”). 
Each of S&P and Fitch is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “CRA 
Regulation”).

--- Page 2 ---
Tranches of Notes (as defined in “Overview of the Programme—Method of Issue”) to be issued under the Programme will be 
rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to 
Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Amounts payable on Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI") is included in the 
European Securities and Markets Authority’s ("ESMA") register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") and the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
the FCA pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”).  
If a benchmark (other than EURIBOR) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether 
or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Prospectus or any applicable Final Terms to reflect any change 
in the registration status of the administrator. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Prospectus. 
 
Arranger  
Deutsche Bank 
Dealer  
Deutsche Bank

--- Page 3 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ............................................................................................................................................................. Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................................. 1 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................10 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................63 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................69 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE PROSPECTUS ......................................................................................................71 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION ..............................................................72 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES ...............................................................................74 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES ...............................................................99 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM .....................134 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................140 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF NN GROUP N.V. ........................................................................................145 
TAXATION .....................................................................................................................................................180 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................185 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR SENIOR NOTES .......................................................................................189 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR SUBORDINATED NOTES .......................................................................201 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................214 
DEFINITIONS ................................................................................................................................................216 
GLOSSARY OF INSURANCE AND INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TERMS .......................................223

--- Page 4 ---
1 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Prospectus. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 
Issuer: 
NN Group N.V. 
Description: 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Size: 
Up to €7,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at 
the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. 
Arranger: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Dealers: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme. References in this Prospectus to “Permanent 
Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all Permanent 
Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or 
more Tranches. 
Fiscal Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having 
one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or 
identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), 
the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable 
with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in 
tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, 
where necessary, with the relevant terms and conditions and, 
save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of 
interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to 
the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed 
in the final terms (the “Final Terms”). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount.  
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in 
registered form (“Registered Notes”) only. Each Tranche of 
Bearer Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary Global 
Note if (i) definitive Notes are to be made available to 
Noteholders following the expiry of 40 days after their issue date

--- Page 5 ---
2 
 
or (ii) such Notes have an initial maturity of more than one year 
and are being issued in compliance with the D Rules (as defined 
in “Selling Restrictions” below), otherwise such Tranche will be 
represented by a permanent Global Note. Registered Notes will 
be represented by Certificates, one Certificate being issued in 
respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered Notes 
of one Series. Certificates representing Registered Notes that are 
registered in the name of a nominee for one or more clearing 
systems are referred to as “Global Certificates”. 
Clearing Systems: 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any 
Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed between 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant 
Global Note is a NGN or the relevant Global Certificate is held 
under the NSS, the Global Note or Global Certificate will be 
delivered to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or before the issue date for each 
Tranche, if the relevant Global Note is a CGN or the relevant 
Global Certificate is not held under the NSS, the Global Note 
representing Bearer Notes or the Global Certificate representing 
Registered Notes may be deposited with a common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes or 
Global Certificates may also be deposited with any other clearing 
system or may be delivered outside any clearing system, 
provided that the method of such delivery has been agreed in 
advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Registered Notes that are to be credited to one or more clearing 
systems on issue will be registered in the name of nominees or a 
common nominee for such clearing systems. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives. 
Specified Denomination: 
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms save that, in the case of any 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination 
shall be €100,000 or, where it is a Note to be admitted to trading 
only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated 
market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) have access, €1,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes) and (ii)

--- Page 6 ---
3 
 
unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, 
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a 
maturity of less than one year and in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 
19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) 
will have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
Fixed Rate Notes and Fixed Rate 
Subordinated Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes and Floating Rate 
Subordinated Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes and Floating Rate Subordinated Notes will 
bear interest determined separately for each Series by reference 
to EURIBOR as adjusted for any applicable margin.  
 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, a Rate 
Determination Agent will determine a Replacement Reference 
Rate in accordance with Condition 4(c)(iii)(D). 
Zero Coupon Notes and Zero Coupon 
Subordinated Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes and Zero Coupon Subordinated Notes may 
be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount to it and will 
not bear interest. 
Fixed Rate Reset Subordinated Notes: 
Fixed Rate Reset Subordinated Notes will initially bear interest 
at the Initial Interest Rate until (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if 
applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, 
the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-
Swap Rate and the Reset Margin as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date, all 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, a Rate 
Determination Agent will determine a Replacement Reference 
Rate in accordance with condition 4(c)(iii)(D). 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different 
rates in the same interest period. All such information will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating 
the redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by then 
current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes 
denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one 
year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA must have

--- Page 7 ---
4 
 
a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies). 
Taxation: 
This Prospectus includes a general summary of certain Dutch tax 
considerations relating to an investment in the Notes. See the 
“Taxation” section of this Prospectus. Such summary may not 
apply to a particular holder of Notes or to a particular issue and 
does not cover all possible tax considerations. In addition, the tax 
treatment may change after the date of this Prospectus. Any 
potential investor should consult his own tax adviser for more 
information about the tax consequences of acquiring, owning 
and disposing of Notes in its particular circumstances. 
Redemption by Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates on 
which, and the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the holders, and, if so, the terms applicable to such 
redemption. 
Status of Senior Notes: 
The Senior Notes will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, as described in “Terms and Conditions 
of the Senior Notes—Status”. 
Negative Pledge: 
None  
Cross Default: 
None 
Ratings: 
The Issuer is rated BBB+ by S&P and A+ by Fitch.  
 
Tranches of Notes will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is to be rated, such rating will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. 
Use of proceeds: 
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be 
applied for the general corporate purposes of the Issuer. If, in 
respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use 
of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. In 
particular, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer 
of Notes specifically for the financing or refinancing of Eligible 
Green Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets (each as defined in 
the “Use of Proceeds” section) under the Sustainability Bond 
Framework (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section) and 
such Notes may also be referred to as “Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bonds”. See “Use of Proceeds” below. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “—Optional Redemption” above, Senior 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to

--- Page 8 ---
5 
 
maturity only for tax reasons. See “Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Notes—Redemption, Purchase and Options”. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will 
be made free and clear of withholding taxes of the Netherlands, 
unless the withholding is required by law. In such event, the 
Issuer shall, subject to customary exceptions, pay such additional 
amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholder of such 
amounts as would have been received by it had no such 
withholding been required, all as described in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes—Taxation” and “Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes—Taxation”. 
Governing Law: 
Dutch 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to list Notes issued under the 
Programme and to admit them to trading on Euronext 
Amsterdam or as otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
and references to listing shall be construed accordingly. As 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Series of Notes may be 
unlisted. 
Selling Restrictions: 
The United States, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, 
Belgium, Singapore and Japan. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act, as amended.  
 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor United States Treasury 
Regulation section, including, without limitation, regulations 
issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 
2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring 
Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the “D Rules”) 
unless (i) the relevant Final Terms states that Notes are issued in 
compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any 
successor United States Treasury Regulation section, including, 
without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with Internal 
Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection 
with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment 
Act of 2010) (the “C Rules”) or (ii) the Notes are issued other 
than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in 
circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
“registration required obligations” under the United States Tax 
Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a 
transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO 
SUBORDINATED NOTES ONLY

--- Page 9 ---
6 
 
Status and Subordination of the 
Subordinated Notes: 
The Subordinated Notes will constitute direct, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer, as described in “Terms 
and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes—Status”. 
The Subordinated Notes of a Series may qualify as either Tier 2 
Notes or Tier 3 Notes, in each case as determined by the Relevant 
Supervisory Authority from time to time, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Deferral of Interest: 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, in 
respect of any Optional Interest Deferral Date, elect to defer 
payment of all (but not some only) of the interest accrued to that 
date and the Issuer shall not have any obligation to make such 
payment on that date. Subject to Condition 5(b) of the 
Subordinated Notes, such deferral may continue until the 
Maturity Date or any earlier date on which the Subordinated 
Notes are redeemed in full.  
In addition, payments of interest on the Subordinated Notes will 
be mandatorily deferred on each Mandatory Interest Deferral 
Date and the Issuer shall not have any obligation to make such 
payment on that date.  
A “Mandatory Interest Deferral Date” means each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of which a Mandatory Deferral Event 
has occurred and is continuing. 
A “Mandatory Deferral Event” means: 
(a) 
the Solvency Condition is not met; or 
(b) 
a Capital Adequacy Event has occurred and continues 
to exist and a deferral of interest and/or a suspension of 
payment of principal, as applicable, is required under 
the Capital Adequacy Regulations for the Subordinated 
Notes to qualify for the purposes of determination of the 
solvency margin, capital adequacy ratio or comparable 
margins or ratios of the Issuer, or, where this is 
subdivided in tiers, as tier 2 basic own funds 
(howsoever described at the time), on a consolidated 
basis, 
provided, however, that the occurrence of b. above will not 
constitute a Mandatory Deferral Event: 
(A) in the case of Tier 2 Notes only, in respect of payments of 
interest or Arrears of Interest, if: 
(i) 
the Relevant Supervisory Authority has exceptionally 
waived the deferral of such interest payment and/or 
payment of Arrears of Interest;

--- Page 10 ---
7 
 
(ii) 
paying the interest payment and/or Arrears of Interest 
does not further weaken the solvency position of the 
Issuer as determined in accordance with the Capital 
Adequacy Regulations; and 
(iii) 
the Minimum Capital Requirement will be complied 
with immediately after the interest payment and/or 
payment of Arrears of Interest is made; 
(B) in respect of payments of principal, if: 
(i) 
the Relevant Supervisory Authority has exceptionally 
waived the deferral of such principal payment; 
(ii) 
the Subordinated Notes are exchanged for or converted 
into another tier 1 or tier 2 basic own funds or, in the 
case of Tier 3 Notes only, tier 3 basic own funds, in 
each case of at least the same quality; 
(iii) 
the Minimum Capital Requirement will be complied 
with immediately after the principal payment is made. 
 
Deferral of any payment of interest on an Optional Interest 
Deferral Date or Mandatory Interest Deferral Date will not 
constitute a default by the Issuer and will not give the 
Noteholders any right to accelerate the Subordinated Notes. 
Arrears of Interest: 
Arrears of Interest, and any other amount, payment of which is 
optionally or mandatorily deferred may be paid in whole or in 
part at any time, provided that no Mandatory Deferral Event has 
occurred and is continuing and any notifications to the Regulator 
have been made or consent from the Regulator has been 
obtained, as the case may be, in either case if required under the 
Capital Adequacy Regulations.  
 
Arrears of Interest shall not bear interest. 
Conditions to redemption, 
substitution, variation or purchase: 
So long as the Issuer is subject to Capital Adequacy Regulations,  
(i) 
any redemption or purchase pursuant to Condition 6 
may only be made provided no Mandatory Deferral 
Event has occurred and is continuing at the time of such 
redemption or purchase, and principal, premium, 
interest or any other amount shall only be due and 
payable in respect of or arising from the Notes, 
provided no Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred 
and is continuing and the Issuer could make such 
payment without a Mandatory Deferral Event 
occurring, except where Condition 3(b) of the 
Subordinated Notes applies, in which case the

--- Page 11 ---
8 
 
Noteholder shall have a subordinated claim as set out 
therein; 
(ii)  
any redemption or purchase pursuant to Condition 6 of 
the Subordinated Notes may only be made provided no 
Insolvent Insurer Liquidation has occurred and is 
continuing on the relevant redemption date or purchase 
date; and 
(iii) 
any redemption, substitution, variation or purchase of 
the Subordinated Notes is subject to (A) the prior 
consent of the Relevant Supervisory Authority if 
required under the Capital Adequacy Regulations and 
(B) 
compliance 
with 
the 
Capital 
Adequacy 
Regulations. 
A redemption or purchase pursuant to Condition 6(d), 6(e), 6(g), 
6(h) or 6(j) of the Subordinated Notes that is within five years 
from the Issue Date, or if applicable, the issue date of the last 
tranche of any Further Notes (whichever is the later) may only 
be made if (A) such redemption or purchase shall be in exchange 
for or funded out of the proceeds of a new issuance of capital of 
at least the same quality as the Subordinated Notes or (B): 
(a) 
the Relevant Supervisory Authority has confirmed to 
 
the Issuer that it is satisfied that the Solvency Capital 
 
Requirement, after the redemption or purchase, will be 
 
exceeded by an appropriate margin taking into account 
 
the solvency position of the Issuer including the 
Issuer’s  medium-term capital management plan as provided in 
 
the Capital Adequacy Regulations; and 
either 
(b) 
a Capital Disqualification Event has occurred, and both 
 
of the following conditions are met:  
 
(i) 
the Relevant Supervisory Authority considers 
 
 
the negative impact on the classification of the 
 
 
Subordinated Notes as described in the  
 
 
definition of Capital Disqualification Event to 
 
 
be sufficiently certain;  
 
(ii) 
the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of 
 
 
the Relevant Supervisory Authority that the  
 
 
occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event 
 
 
was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of 
 
 
issuance of the Notes; or 
(c) 
a Tax Event has occurred which the Issuer demonstrates 
 
to the satisfaction of the Relevant Supervisory 
 
Authority is material and was not reasonably

--- Page 12 ---
9 
 
 
foreseeable at the time of issuance of the Subordinated 
 
Notes, 
in each case, if the Capital Adequacy Regulations make a 
redemption or purchase conditional thereon. 
Optional Early Redemption: 
If Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer has the option to redeem all or, if so provided, some of the 
Subordinated Notes on any Optional Redemption Date at their 
Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, together with Arrears of Interest and interest accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption, subject to and in accordance with 
Condition 6(c) of the Subordinated Notes.  
If Clean-up Call Option is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, and, at any time, the outstanding aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes is equal to or less than the percentage 
specified in the applicable Final Terms of the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Series issued, the Issuer has the option to redeem 
all the Subordinated Notes on any Optional Redemption Date at 
their Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, together with Arrears of Interest and interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption, subject to and in 
accordance with Condition 6(e) of the Subordinated Notes. 
Early Redemption for Tax Event, 
Capital Disqualification Event or 
Rating Methodology Event: 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may 
redeem the Subordinated Notes, in whole, but not in part, at their 
Early Redemption Amount together with any Arrears of Interest 
and any interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption in the case of a Tax Event, a Capital Disqualification 
Event or a Rating Methodology Event, subject to and in 
accordance with Condition 6(d), 6(f), 6(g) and 6(h) of the 
Subordinated Notes, respectively.  
Substitution for Tax Event, Capital 
Disqualification Event or Rating 
Methodology Event: 
In case of a Tax Event, a Capital Disqualification Event or a 
Rating Methodology Event, the Issuer may, in its sole discretion 
but subject to compliance with the Capital Adequacy 
Regulations, substitute the Subordinated Notes in whole (but not 
in part) for Qualifying Securities as further described in 
Condition 6(i) of the Subordinated Notes. 
Events of Default: 
The Subordinated Notes may be declared immediately due and 
repayable at their principal amount, together with interest 
accrued to the date of repayment (including Arrears of Interest) 
in the case of the liquidation of the Issuer. Liquidation may occur 
as a result of the winding-up of the Issuer (ontbinding en 
vereffening) or bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer or the 
suspension of payments (surseance van betaling) being applied 
to the Issuer, if that constitutes a liquidation.

--- Page 13 ---
10 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should carefully consider the risk factors set out below, together with the other 
information contained in this Prospectus (including, but not limited to, the audited consolidated financial 
statements with the related notes), before making an investment decision with respect to the Notes. If any of the 
following risks should actually occur, the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries' (“NN” or the “Group”) 
business, revenues, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects could be materially 
adversely affected, which could result in an inability of the Issuer to pay interest and/or principal and could 
negatively affect the price of the Notes. 
Although the Issuer believes that the risks described below are the material risks presently known, they are not 
the only ones faced by NN. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. Additional risks 
not presently known to the Issuer or that the Issuer currently deems immaterial may also have a material 
adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects, 
which could result in an inability of the Issuer to pay interest and/or principal and could negatively affect the 
price of the Notes.  
Prospective investors should carefully review the entire Prospectus, and should form their own views before 
making an investment decision with respect to the Notes. Before making an investment decision with respect to 
the Notes, prospective investors should also consult their own financial, legal and tax advisers to carefully 
review the risks associated with an investment in the Notes and consider such an investment decision in light of 
the prospective investor’s personal circumstances. 
Unless the context requires otherwise, capitalised terms which are defined in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes” have the same meaning when used herein.   
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER  
A. Risks regarding General Economic and Market Conditions 
NN’s business, revenues, results of operations, solvency, financial conditions and prospects are materially 
affected by the condition of global financial markets and economic conditions generally. 
The economy typically goes through cycles. In periods of economic downturn, recurring weak macroeconomic 
conditions, including recessions, along with global financial market turmoil and volatility, generally affect the 
behaviour of NN’s customers, and, by extension, the demand for, and supply of, NN’s products and services. 
New economic or financial crises, such as those that started in 2008 and 2010, may occur and have again 
significant impact. The COVID-19 pandemic also had a major impact on the global economy and health systems 
and may have further significant economic impacts if the virus, or a similar event, returns. The recent invasion 
of Ukraine by Russia and a potential further escalation of the war between Russia and Ukraine may also have 
wide and significant further (economic) impact, in the region as well as world-wide. High unemployment levels; 
reduced consumer and government spending levels; government monetary and fiscal policies; inflation rates; 
interest rates; credit spreads and credit default rates; currency exchange rates; market indices, equity and other 
securities prices; real estate prices; political events and terrorism trends; cybercrime and cyberattack; and 
changes in customer behaviour have affected NN in the past and will continue to affect NN in the future. All of 
these factors are impacted by changes in financial markets and developments in the global and European 
economies. 
Actions by central banks and governments, including the implementation of austerity measures and bail-outs 
of financial institutions, as well as volatile markets, interest rates and credit spreads, liquidity spreads and 
significant changes in asset valuations (including material write-offs and write-downs of impaired assets), have 
all affected the business of financial institutions, including NN. Any future significant deterioration in the

--- Page 14 ---
11 
 
Dutch, European and global economies, or renewed volatility in financial markets may affect NN in one or 
more of the ways as described in the risk factors on pages 11 to 13 of this Prospectus which, should such events 
occur, could have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, results of operations, solvency, financial 
condition and prospects. 
NN’s products could be materially affected by the condition of global financial markets and economic 
conditions generally, which could have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, results of 
operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. 
NN provides a number of life insurance, pension, income, investment and banking products that expose it to 
risks associated with fluctuations in interest rates, inflation, market indices, equity and other securities prices, 
credit default, the value of real estate assets, fluctuations in currency exchange rates and credit and liquidity 
risks. Accordingly, the profitability of many of these products depends in part on the value of the general account 
assets and separate account assets supporting them, which will fluctuate depending on the factors described in 
the previous sentence. 
Some of NN’s life insurance and pension products contain guaranteed minimum benefits. Financial market 
declines, decreases in prevailing interest rates, a prolonged period of low interest rates (such as that experienced 
over the past several years) and high market volatility have resulted, and may result, in the value of these 
guaranteed minimum benefits being higher than anticipated in the pricing, reserving and valuation assumptions 
made when the policies were issued, and have resulted, and may result, in a decrease in customer lapses. A 
decrease in customer lapses increases the costs to NN of these products because NN typically pays out the 
minimum guaranteed benefits on more policies when investment returns on the underlying assets are lower than 
the minimum guaranteed benefits, negatively impacting the profitability of those products. Such an impact on 
profitability would generally be reflected over time through IFRS earnings as presented in NN’s consolidated 
annual accounts, and could also result in an immediate decrease in available regulatory capital. Conversely, in 
periods of rapidly increasing interest rates, policy lapses and withdrawals may increase. This could force NN 
to sell investment assets at reduced prices and realise investment losses to make the cash payments to its 
policyholders, having an immediate effect on IFRS earnings and available regulatory capital. 
NN holds investment portfolios consisting of a variety of asset classes and hedge instruments. The condition 
of global financial markets and economic conditions may have a material adverse effect on the effectiveness 
of the hedge instruments and the performance of the financial investment portfolios held by NN. 
Financial market conditions may adversely affect the effectiveness of the hedge instruments used by NN to 
manage certain risks to which it is exposed. This has resulted, and may result, in the hedge instruments not 
performing as intended or expected, in turn resulting in higher realised losses and increased cash needs to 
collateralise or settle these hedge transactions. Such financial market conditions have limited, and may limit, 
the availability, and increase the costs, of hedging instruments. In certain cases, these costs have not been, and 
may not be, fully recovered in the pricing of the products to which the hedges relate. 
In the ordinary course of its business, NN holds investment portfolios containing a variety of asset classes, 
including fixed income securities, corporate bonds, mortgages and asset-backed securities (“ABS”), equities, 
real estate and investments in private equity funds. The value of these investment portfolios has been, and may 
be, negatively impacted by adverse conditions in the financial markets and economies generally, interest rate 
changes, changes in mortgage prepayment behaviour or declines in the value of underlying collateral, 
potentially resulting in increased capital requirements and realised or unrealised losses on those portfolios and 
decreased investment income. The COVID-19 pandemic had an impact on the values of these portfolios and 
further losses or reduced investment income may materialise if the virus, or a similar event, returns. The recent 
invasion of Ukraine by Russia and a potential further escalation of the war between Russia and Ukraine has 
affected the economy world-wide and has led to higher interest rates, spread and inflation levels; such

--- Page 15 ---
12 
 
developments may also have negative impact on the value of NN’s investments and balance sheet in general. 
The value of NN’s investment portfolios has also been, and may be, adversely impacted by reductions in price 
transparency, changes in the assumptions or methodologies used to estimate fair value and changes in investor 
confidence or preferences, resulting in higher realised or unrealised losses. A decrease in the value of the 
investment portfolios has impacted, and could impact, the results of operations, solvency and financial condition 
of certain of the Issuer’s subsidiaries, requiring capital injections and impacting the ability of certain of those 
subsidiaries to distribute dividends. 
Weak performance of financial markets or underperformance (compared to certain benchmarks or NN’s 
competitors) by funds or accounts that NN manages, or investment products that NN sells, has impacted, and 
may impact, NN’s ability to attract new customers, and has caused, and may cause, customer investments to be 
withdrawn or reduced, resulting in reduced fee and commission income earned by NN from the management 
of investment portfolios for third parties, and reduced fee income on certain annuity, pension and investment 
products. Furthermore, changes in financial market conditions may cause a shift in NN’s assets under 
management (“AuM”) mix from equity towards fixed income products, potentially contributing towards a 
decline in the revenues earned by NN from the management of investment portfolios for third parties. 
Asset liquidity could be materially affected by the condition of global financial markets and economic 
conditions generally, which could have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, results of 
operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. 
NN holds certain assets that have low liquidity, such as privately placed fixed income securities or loans, 
commercial and residential mortgage loans, ABS, government bonds of certain countries, private equity 
investments and real estate. During times of financial crisis or in general, in case NN is forced to sell certain 
assets at short notice, many of these assets have proven to be illiquid resulting in realised losses if such assets 
were sold and unrealised losses on such assets if they were marked-to-market. A downturn in the financial 
markets may exacerbate the low liquidity of these assets and may also reduce the liquidity of assets that are 
typically liquid, as observed during the financial crisis for the markets of ABS relating to real estate assets and 
other collateralised debt and loan obligations. If NN requires significant amounts of cash on short notice in 
excess of normal cash requirements or is required to post or return collateral in connection with its investment 
portfolio, derivatives transactions or securities lending activities, NN may be forced to sell assets. If those assets 
are illiquid, NN may be forced to sell them for a lower price than it otherwise would have been able to realise, 
resulting in losses. 
The demand for financial products offered by NN could be materially affected by the condition of global 
financial markets and economic conditions, which could have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, 
revenues, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. 
Adverse economic conditions generally (including high unemployment rates) may reduce the level of savings 
and demand for insurance, banking and investment products. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, there 
were instances of lower new business sales volumes, and this could happen again if the virus, or a similar event, 
returns. Also, a potential further escalation of the war between Russia and Ukraine may negatively impact sales 
volumes in markets in which NN operates. Furthermore, financial market conditions characterised by 
decreasing or persistently low interest rates may cause a decline in the benefits NN is commercially able to 
offer under its insurance products. These effects have reduced, and may reduce, demand for NN’s products and 
services. Adverse economic conditions generally have resulted, and may result, in reductions in numbers of 
employees of NN’s existing corporate customers in its group life insurance business, in turn resulting in a 
reduction in underlying employee participation levels and thus in the contributions, deposits and premium 
income attributable to certain of NN’s pension products. 
The condition of global financial markets and economic conditions may have an adverse effect on NN’s

--- Page 16 ---
13 
 
ability to access the public markets for debt and equity capital. 
Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in financial markets may limit or otherwise adversely impact NN’s ability 
to access the public markets for debt and equity capital. This may in turn force NN to (a) delay raising additional 
capital, (b) reduce, cancel or postpone interest payments on its capital securities, (c) issue debt securities of 
different types or under less favourable terms to NN than it would otherwise do, or (d) incur a higher cost of 
capital than it would otherwise have incurred in a more stable market environment, each of which may have a 
material adverse effect on NN’s capital and liquidity position. Insufficient liquidity in public markets may force 
NN to curtail certain operations and strategies, and may adversely impact NN’s ability to meet regulatory and 
rating agency requirements. 
NN's residential and commercial mortgage portfolio is exposed to physical risks, including as a direct 
result of climate change 
NN’s mortgage portfolio may be exposed to the impacts of physical risks arising from climate and weather-
related events, including heatwaves, droughts, flooding, storms, rising sea levels, other extreme weather events 
or other natural and man-made disasters. Such physical risks could impact NN’s mortgage portfolio, as well as 
its customers' property, business or other financial interests. These risks could potentially result in impairing 
asset values, financial losses, declining creditworthiness of customers and increased defaults, delinquencies, 
write-offs and impairment charges in NN’s portfolio. The transition to a low carbon or net zero economy may 
give rise to risks and uncertainties associated with climate change-related laws, regulations and regulatory 
oversight, changing technologies or new technologies, and shifting customer sentiment. For instance, NN may 
be required to change its mortgage portfolio to comply with new climate change-related regulations. As a result, 
it might be unable to lend to certain prospective customers, or such compliance might even lead to the 
termination of certain existing relationships with certain customers. This could result in claims or legal 
challenges from such customers against NN. This transition may also adversely impact the business and 
operations of NN’s customers and other counterparties. If NN fails to adequately factor in such risks in its 
lending or other business decisions, NN could be exposed to losses. 
B. Financial and investment risks of the Group 
NN has long-term assets and liabilities and is exposed to the risk of a mismatch between the value of the 
assets and the liabilities resulting from changes in interest rates and credit spreads, which could have a 
material adverse effect on NN’s results of operations, solvency and financial condition. 
As a provider of life insurance and guaranteed pension products, NN requires a significant amount of long-term 
fixed income assets which are mostly matched against its long-term insurance liabilities. Fixed income assets 
are typically valued at fair market value in accordance with current accounting and solvency regulations and 
are therefore sensitive to interest rate and credit spread movements. However, corresponding liability valuations 
do not fluctuate with interest rate and credit spread movements when they are valued using a fixed accrual 
methodology, which may apply depending on applicable accounting, reporting and regulatory frameworks, such 
as under IFRS 4 as applied in the 2022 Annual Report of the Issuer. Moreover, even if the corresponding 
liabilities are valued using a more market consistent methodology, such as under Solvency II and the new IFRS 
17 that is applicable as of 1 January 2023 for the Issuer, they may nevertheless have limited or different 
sensitivity to credit spread and interest rate movements because the discount rate applied in those market 
consistent valuations (in some cases, including the discount rate prescribed or determined by regulators) 
typically do not fully reflect sensitivities to credit spread and interest rate movements that is reflected in the 
valuation of assets, and therefore the value of the liabilities may not match fully that of the fixed income assets. 
In addition, there may be a mismatch in interest rate sensitivities if the duration of the liabilities of a business 
unit differs from the fixed income assets. 
In all of these cases, there can be a mismatch between the valuations of the fixed income assets and liabilities

--- Page 17 ---
14 
 
that, depending on applicable accounting, reporting and regulatory frameworks, could have a material adverse 
effect on NN’s available regulatory capital (including in the Netherlands and Japan), results of operations and 
financial condition. 
The Issuer is exposed to the sensitivity of the value of assets and liabilities and financial instruments to 
changes in the level or in the volatility of spreads over the risk-free interest rate term structure, known as 
spread risk. 
The credit spread risk is defined as the possibility of having losses in Solvency II own funds due to adverse 
movements in the credit spreads of fixed income assets. The credit spread widening (or narrowing) reflects 
market supply and demand, rating migration of the Issuer and changes in expectation of default. Changes in 
liquidity and other risk premiums that are relevant to specific assets can play a role in the value changes. 
In the calculation of the solvency capital requirement (“SCR”) for the Partial Internal Model entities, the Issuer 
assumes no change to the volatility adjustment on the liability side of the balance sheet after a shock-event, but 
instead reflects the illiquidity of liabilities in the asset shocks to ensure appropriate solvency capital 
requirements. This approach ensures appropriate risk incentives and is approved by DNB. The Issuer also 
shocks all government bonds and its mortgage portfolio in the calculation of spread risk capital requirements 
for the Partial Internal Model entities. 
A spread tightening will generally increase the value of fixed income securities in the NN portfolio and will 
reduce the investment income associated with new purchases of fixed income securities. A spread widening 
will reduce the value of fixed income securities and increase the investment income associated with the purchase 
of new fixed income securities in the investment portfolio of NN. The Issuer aims to maintain a low-risk, well 
diversified fixed income portfolio. However, the Issuer is still exposed to widening of sovereign credit spreads 
given significant holdings in long-term government bonds and loans which are sensitive to sovereign credit 
spread movements above swap rates. German, Dutch, French, Belgian and Japanese government bonds 
represent the majority of the Issuer total sovereign debt exposure. 
Interest rate level and volatility may adversely affect the Issuer. Sustained low or negative interest rate levels could 
have a material adverse effect on NN’s revenues, results of operation, solvency, financial condition and prospects, if 
the low interest rate environment returns after the recent increases in interest rates. 
After interest rates have decreased for a long period of time and even went below zero, they showed an increase 
as of 2022. The sustained low interest rate environment until 2022, in particular in Europe and Japan, has 
impacted NN in various ways, including the following, and will continue to do so if the low interest rate 
environment returns after the recent increases in interest rates. 
 
In a period of sustained low or negative interest rates, financial and insurance products with long-term 
options and guarantees (such as pension, whole-life and disability products) may be more costly to NN. 
NN may therefore incur higher costs to hedge the investment risk associated with such long-term options 
and guarantees of these products. Moreover, economic capital that NN holds for long-term risks, such 
as longevity, expense and morbidity risks, is higher in a low interest rate environment. These effects 
limit the ability of NN to offer these products at affordable prices. Also, the present value impact of 
assumption changes affecting future benefits and expenses is larger, creating more volatility in NN’s 
results of operations and available regulatory capital. Sustained periods of low or negative interest rates 
have an adverse impact, especially on the minimum guaranteed benefits, life insurance business as well 
as other policyholder options where the portfolio yield is used to estimate the guaranteed interest rate on 
the policies written. Persistently low or negative interest rates not only render delivering the necessary 
return for clients or offering competitive profit sharing and attractive life investment and savings 
insurance products more difficult, but also restrict options to maintain the required profitability to

--- Page 18 ---
15 
 
remunerate investors. 
 
NN holds long-term fixed income assets, which are matched against its long-term liabilities. Over the 
next several years, fixed income assets that were purchased when interest rates were higher will run off. 
This might expose NN to an investment risk because, in a low interest rate environment, NN may not be 
able to reinvest the proceeds from maturing investments or to invest the premiums, which it will continue 
to receive on recurring premium products with interest rate guarantees, in assets with a comparable 
return profile. 
Sustained low interest rate levels have had, and, if the low interest rate environment returns, could continue to 
have, a material adverse effect on NN’s revenues, results of operation, solvency financial condition and 
prospects. 
Rising interest rates could reduce the value of fixed income investments held by NN, increase policy lapses 
and withdrawals, and increase collateral requirements under NN’s hedging derivatives, which could have a 
material adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and 
prospects. Changes of the interest rate curve after the last liquid point (LLP) as defined in the Solvency II 
regulatory framework, could have a material adverse effect on NN's Solvency position. 
If interest rates rise, the value of NN’s fixed income portfolio may decrease. This may result in unrealised 
losses, which in certain regulatory environments, for instance in Japan, could lead to reductions in available 
regulatory capital and the distributable earnings of the Issuer’s Japanese subsidiaries. Furthermore, rising 
interest rates could require that NN post collateral in relation to its interest rate hedging derivatives. In periods 
of rising interest rates, policy lapses and withdrawals may increase as policyholders may believe they can obtain 
a higher rate of return in the market place. In order to satisfy the resulting obligations to make cash payments 
to policyholders, NN may be forced to sell assets at reduced prices and thus realise investment losses. Such a 
sale of investment assets may also result in a decrease in NN’s AuM, which could result in reduced fee income 
as NN’s fee income is typically linked to the value of the AuM. Interest rates have increased sharply in 2022 
and this could happen again in the future. 
If interest rates steepen (i.e., increase) after the last liquid point (LLP) as defined under the Solvency II 
regulatory framework, the value of NN's fixed income portfolio may decrease. As such interest rate changes do 
not affect the value of NN's liabilities in the regulatory framework due to the extrapolation methodology defined 
under the Solvency II, this could have a material adverse effect on NN's Own Funds and Solvency position. 
Historical analysis of interest rate curves shows that the current interest rate curve is strongly inverted. The 
current inversion of the interest rate curve may remain for a longer period of time, but steepening could happen 
in the future. NN has reduced its Solvency II ratio sensitivity for normalization (i.e. rising) of the currently 
inverted interest rate curve after the last liquid point (LLP 20Y, as defined in Solvency II) by reducing the 
duration of the interest rate sensitive asset portfolio. While this reduces the Solvency II ratio sensitivity, it 
increases the economic exposure when the interest rate curve becomes more inverse than at the date of this 
Prospectus.  
The occurrence of any of the risks set out above could have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, 
revenues, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. 
NN is exposed to currency transaction risks and currency translation risks. Fluctuations in currency 
exchange rates may affect the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
The Issuer’s operating subsidiaries may enter into transactions in currencies other than their local currency. 
Movements in relevant currency exchange rates could adversely affect the revenues, results of operations, 
solvency and financial condition of those operating subsidiaries, and in turn that of the Issuer. The Issuer is also 
subject to currency translation risks as the annual accounts of some of its subsidiaries are prepared in currencies

--- Page 19 ---
16 
 
other than the euro, the most important of which are the Japanese yen and the Polish zloty. The Issuer and its 
subsidiaries also receive dividends and other distributions from subsidiaries in currencies other than the euro. 
Changes in currency exchange rates between the euro and these currencies, particularly the Japanese yen and 
the Polish zloty, can cause changes in the value (in euro) of corresponding positions on the consolidated annual 
accounts of NN, even where results as measured in the local currency have remained unchanged, or have even 
improved. 
Certain subsidiaries of the Issuer may be subject to liquidity risk, which may not be timely resolved by 
liquidity available elsewhere in the Group. 
Most of NN’s operating insurance companies have relatively large amounts of liquid assets as they have 
significant holdings of government bonds. However, certain NN entities, such as the Issuer, NN Re, Nationale-
Nederlanden Interfinance B.V., NN Japan and NN Bank, but also other subsidiaries to the extent they enter into 
derivatives transactions, could be faced with a lack of liquidity. In addition, the Issuer is dependent on dividend 
payments by its subsidiaries to service its debt and expenses. Payments of dividends to the Issuer by its 
subsidiaries may be restricted by applicable laws and regulations of their respective jurisdictions, including 
laws establishing minimum solvency, capital and liquidity thresholds. NN Re has a large derivatives portfolio 
in respect of the variable annuity guarantees it reinsures for certain members of the Group, which could require 
it to post (additional) collateral. To hedge their insurance portfolios, the abovementioned NN entities (i) use 
Nationale-Nederlanden Interfinance B.V. as the legal entity to enter into its bilateral over-the-counter (“OTC”) 
derivative contracts and/or (ii) use contracts in their own names to enter into OTC derivative contracts that may 
or may not be subject to the clearing obligation or which the NN entities prefer to clear voluntarily. In any of 
these two circumstances, NN could be required to post (additional) collateral if, for instance, equity markets 
and/or interest rates move adversely for NN or NN’s counterparties amend their view on NN’s creditworthiness. 
NN Japan’s portfolio of SME life insurance products could suffer significant surrenders if certain tax benefits 
on existing business become no longer available to NN’s corporate customers following a change in Japanese 
tax regulations, which could result in liquidity issues if this is combined with a significant increase in Japanese 
interest rates reducing the value of assets which would need to be sold to satisfy its obligations to customers. 
NN Bank is exposed to the risk of customer deposit outflows and an inability to attract wholesale funding to 
fund its illiquid assets, in particular its mortgage portfolio. There can be no assurance that liquidity available 
elsewhere in the Group can or may be made available to the Issuer or affected subsidiary or that any such entity 
will have access to external sources of liquidity. 
NN is exposed to counterparty risk. Deteriorations in the financial soundness of other financial institutions, 
sovereigns or other contract counterparties may have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, 
results of operations, solvency and financial condition. 
Due to the nature of the global financial system, financial institutions, such as NN, are interdependent on other 
financial institutions as a result of trading, counterparty and other relationships. Other financial institutions with 
whom NN conducts business act as counterparties to NN in such capacities as issuers of securities, customers, 
banks, reinsurance companies, trading counterparties, counterparties under swaps and credit and other 
derivative contracts, clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses, intermediaries, commercial banks, investment 
banks, mutual and hedge funds and other financial intermediaries. In any of these capacities, a financial 
institution acting as counterparty may not perform their obligations due to, among other things, bankruptcy, 
lack of liquidity, market downturns or operational failures, and the collateral or security they provide may prove 
inadequate to cover their obligations at the time of the default. 
A default by any financial institution, or by a sovereign, could lead to additional defaults by other market 
participants. The failure of a sufficiently large and influential financial institution or sovereign has in the past 
disrupted, and could in the future disrupt, securities markets or clearance and settlement systems, and could 
lead to a chain of defaults because the commercial and financial soundness of many financial institutions may

--- Page 20 ---
17 
 
be closely related as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships. Even the perceived lack of 
creditworthiness of one or more counterparties may lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or 
defaults by NN or by other institutions. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused a global increase in the risk of 
defaults on government, corporate debt and securitisations. A potential further escalation of the war between 
Russia and Ukraine may also cause a global increase in the risk of defaults on government, corporate debt and 
securitisations. An increase in such defaults, or the likelihood of defaults can have an adverse effect on NN’s 
results of operations, solvency and financial condition. This risk is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk” and 
may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms 
and exchanges with which NN interacts on a daily basis. Systemic risk could have a material adverse effect on 
NN’s business, revenues, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. 
Reinsurance subjects NN to the credit risk of reinsurers, and reinsurance may not be available, affordable 
or adequate to meet NN’s requirements, which may have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, 
revenues, results of operations, solvency and financial condition. 
NN purchases reinsurance under various agreements that cover defined blocks of business on a yearly 
renewable, per risk excess of loss or catastrophe excess of loss basis. These reinsurance agreements are designed 
to spread the risk and mitigate the effect of claims. The amount of the retained risk depends on an evaluation of 
the specific risk, which is subject, in certain circumstances, to maximum limits based on the characteristics of 
coverage. Under the terms of these reinsurance agreements, the reinsurer agrees to reimburse NN for the ceded 
amount in the event that NN has to pay out the ceded claim to a policyholder. A default by a reinsurer to which 
NN has material exposure could expose NN to significant (unexpected) losses and therefore have a material 
adverse effect on its business, revenue, results of operations, solvency and financial condition. 
Market conditions beyond NN’s control determine the availability and cost of reinsurance protection. 
Accordingly, NN may be forced to incur additional expenses for reinsurance or may not be able to obtain 
sufficient reinsurance on acceptable terms, which could adversely affect the profitability of NN’s business and 
the availability of capital to write future business. In addition, NN determines the appropriate level of primary 
insurance and reinsurance coverage based on a number of factors and from time to time decides to reduce, 
eliminate or decline coverage based on its assessment of the costs and benefits involved. Any decreases in the 
amount of reinsurance coverage may increase NN’s risk of loss. Any of these risks, should they materialise, 
may have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, results of operations, solvency and financial 
condition. 
The Issuer is exposed to concentration risk, in particular in relation to sovereign debt.  
The concentration risk that NN’s business may face can originate from a lack of diversification of risks in the 
asset portfolio due to a large exposure to a single issuer of securities or a group of related issuers. As at 31 
December 2022, approximately 25 per cent of the Issuer’s asset portfolio was invested in government bonds 
and loans. NN is exposed to risk of potential sovereign debt credit deterioration and default. The risk exists that 
governments may be unable or unwilling to repay principal or pay interest when due in accordance with the 
terms of such debt. In order to prevent excessive concentration risk, the Issuer has a concentration risk limit 
framework. The framework sets a risk appetite and concentration limits on issuer category (corporate and 
sovereign), asset type and country of risk. 
NN is exposed to adverse changes of market parameters related to real estate in and outside the Netherlands. 
The largest exposure is to NN’s residential and commercial mortgage portfolio is exposed to the risk of 
default by borrowers, to declines in real estate prices and to volatility in the valuation of the mortgage loans; 
these exposures are concentrated in the Netherlands. Additional exposures are to NN’s direct investments in 
real estate properties. 
NN is exposed to the risk of default by borrowers under mortgage loans. Borrowers may default on their

--- Page 21 ---
18 
 
obligations due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, downturns in the economy generally or declines in real estate 
prices, operational failure, fraud or other reasons. The value of the secured property in respect of these mortgage 
loans is exposed to decreases in real estate prices, arising for instance from downturns in the economy generally, 
oversupply of properties in the market, and changes in tax or other regulations related to housing (such as the 
decrease in deductibility for tax purposes of interest on mortgage payments as well as rules on pre-payment and 
transfer). Furthermore, the value of the secured property in respect of these mortgage loans is exposed to 
destruction and damage resulting from floods and other natural and man-made disasters. Damage or destruction 
of the secured property also increases the risk of default by the borrower.  
In line with fixed income assets, mortgage loans are typically valued at fair market value in accordance with 
(regulatory) solvency accounting methodology and are therefore sensitive to movements of financial markets 
parameters like interest rate and spreads. A spread tightening will generally increase the value of the mortgage 
loans in the NN portfolio. A spread widening will generally reduce the value of the mortgage loans in the 
investment portfolio of NN. A change in these parameters or valuation method could result in a material 
decrease in available regulatory capital in the Netherlands, which could have a material adverse effect on NN’s 
solvency and financial condition. 
For NN, a large majority of these exposures are concentrated in the Netherlands because most of the mortgage 
loans have been advanced, and are secured by commercial and residential property, in the Netherlands. As of 
the date of this Prospectus, the vast majority of the aggregate principal amount of mortgage loans advanced in 
the Netherlands is secured by residential property, and a relatively small amount by commercial property. A 
potential negative economic development caused by a potential further escalation of the war between Russia 
and Ukraine may cause an increase in the default on mortgage loans. An increase of defaults, or the likelihood 
of defaults, under the mortgage loans, or a decline in property prices in the Netherlands, has had, and could 
have, a material adverse effect on NN’s results of operations, solvency and financial condition. 
NN is exposed to price changes of its direct investments in real estate properties of which a large part is located 
in The Netherlands. These investments consist of various types of objects like residential properties, 
commercial-, retail-, logistics-, offices and other real estate properties. Changes in property prices or changes 
in market parameters used in the valuation methods of these real estate properties, have had, and could have, a 
material adverse effect on NN’s results of operations, solvency and financial condition. 
The determination of the amount of impairments taken on NN’s investment and other financial assets is 
subjective and could have a material adverse effect on NN’s results of operations, solvency and financial 
condition. 
Impairment evaluation of NN’s investment and other financial assets is a complex process that involves 
significant judgements and uncertainties that may have a significant impact on NN’s results of operations and 
financial condition. 
All debt and equity securities (other than those carried at fair value through profit and loss) held by NN are 
subject to impairment testing every reporting period. The carrying value is reviewed in order to determine 
whether an impairment loss has been incurred. Evaluation for impairment includes both quantitative and 
qualitative considerations. For debt securities, such considerations include actual and estimated incurred credit 
losses indicated by payment default, market data on (estimated) incurred losses and other current evidence that 
the relevant issuer may be unlikely to pay amounts when due. Equity securities are impaired when management 
believes that, based on (the combination of) a significant or prolonged decline of the fair value below the 
acquisition price, there is sufficient reason to believe that the acquisition cost may not be recovered. Upon 
impairment, the full difference between the (acquisition) cost and fair value is removed from equity and 
recognised in net result. 
The identification of impairment is an inherently uncertain process involving various assumptions and factors,

--- Page 22 ---
19 
 
including the financial condition of the counterparty, expected future cash flows, statistical loss data, discount 
rates and observable market prices. Estimates and assumptions are based on management’s judgement and other 
available information. Significantly different results can occur as circumstances change and additional 
information becomes known. 
C. Insurance Liability risk of the Group 
Certain of NN’s life insurance products (including annuity and pension products) are subject to longevity 
risk, which is the risk that the insured lives longer than assumed, with the result that the insurer must 
continue paying out on the relevant policy for longer than was anticipated, which could have a material 
adverse effect on NN’s business, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. 
In valuing its insurance liabilities and in establishing its pricing and reserving standards, NN uses assumptions 
to model the future benefit payments, which may be different from the actual benefit payments that will become 
due in the future if the insured lives longer than was assumed. A change in assumptions could result in a material 
decrease in available regulatory capital in the Netherlands, which could have a material adverse effect on NN’s 
solvency and financial condition.  
Catastrophes, including natural disasters, may result in substantial losses and could have a material adverse 
effect on NN’s business, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects.  
NN is subject to losses from unpredictable events that may affect multiple insured risks. Such events include 
both natural and man-made events, such as, but not limited to, windstorms, coastal inundation, floods, severe 
winter weather and other weather-related events, pandemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic), large-scale 
fires, industrial explosions, earthquakes and other man-made disasters such as civil unrest, terrorist attacks and 
wars. A potential further escalation of the war between Russia and Ukraine may also lead to further events that 
cause substantial losses. 
The extent of the losses from such catastrophic events is a function of their frequency, the severity of each 
individual event and the reinsurance arrangements that NN has in place. A catastrophic event that is sufficiently 
severe could result in one or more reinsurers that have reinsured that event defaulting on their obligations to the 
relevant insurers, including NN. Some catastrophes, such as explosions, occur in small geographic areas, while 
others, including windstorms and floods, may produce significant damage to large, heavily populated and 
widespread areas. The frequency and severity of catastrophes in general are inherently unpredictable and subject 
to long-term external influences, such as climate change, and a single catastrophe or multiple catastrophes in 
any period could have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, results of operations, solvency, financial 
condition and prospects. 
The non-life insurance business has historically been cyclical, characterised by periods of intense 
competition in relation to price and policy terms and conditions often due to excessive underwriting capacity, 
resulting in fewer policies written, lower premium rates, increased expenses for customer acquisition and 
retention, and less favourable policy terms and conditions for NN, and such cycles may occur again. 
Insurers that offer non-life insurance products have historically experienced significant fluctuations in operating 
results due to competition, the levels of underwriting capacity, general social, legal or economic conditions and 
other factors. The non-life insurance business has historically been cyclical, characterised by periods of intense 
competition in relation to price and policy terms and conditions often due to excessive underwriting capacity, 
as well as periods when shortages of capacity have seen increased premium rates and policy terms and 
conditions that are more advantageous to underwriters. Increases in the supply of insurance (whether through 
an increase in the number of competitors, an increase in the capitalisation available to insurers or otherwise) 
and, similarly, reduction in consumer demand for insurance could have adverse consequences for NN, including 
fewer contracts written, lower premium rates, increased expenses for customer acquisition and retention, and 
less favourable policy terms and conditions for NN, any of which could have a material adverse effect on NN’s

--- Page 23 ---
20 
 
business, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. 
In the ordinary course of managing and reporting on its business, NN makes extensive use of assumptions 
and actuarial models to estimate future revenues and expenditures until the maturity of its insurance 
portfolios, and to assess the related risks. Differences in experience compared with assumptions, as well as 
updates of the assumptions and actuarial models, may have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, 
revenues, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. 
In the ordinary course of managing and reporting on its business, NN makes extensive use of actuarial models 
to estimate future revenues (including premium income and investment returns) and expenditures (including 
claims payable, policyholder benefits payable, operating expenses, investment expenses, commissions payable 
and tax expenses) until the maturity of its insurance portfolios, which are used for various purposes, including 
pricing, reserving, reserve adequacy testing, solvency, economic capital and hedging programmes, and uses risk 
models to assess the related risks. 
These actuarial models use, among others, statistics, observed historical market data, insurance policy terms 
and conditions, and NN’s own judgement, expertise and experience, and include assumptions as to, among 
others, the levels and timing of payment of premiums, benefits, claims, expenses, interest rates, credit spreads, 
investment portfolio performance (including equity market and debt market returns), longevity, mortality, 
morbidity and product persistency, and customer behaviour (including with respect to surrenders or extensions). 
NN’s risk models also include assumptions as to regulatory capital and other requirements, which are 
particularly uncertain in the current regulatory environment, which is undergoing significant, and ongoing, 
changes. Actuarial and risk models are complex and may not identify all relevant elements, or may not 
accurately estimate the magnitude of the impact of identified elements. The effectiveness of these models 
depends on the quality of information used, which may not always be accurate, complete or up to date, or the 
significance of which may not always be properly evaluated. Actuarial and risk models are inherently uncertain 
and involve the exercise of significant own judgement. NN therefore cannot determine with precision the 
amounts that it will pay for, or the timing of payment of, actual benefits, claims and expenses or whether the 
assets supporting NN’s policy liabilities, together with future premiums, will be sufficient. 
If actual experience differs from assumptions or estimates, the profitability of NN’s products may be negatively 
impacted, NN may incur losses, and NN’s capital and reserves may not be adequate, and the effectiveness of 
NN’s hedging programmes may be adversely affected. 
From time to time, NN may need to update its assumptions and actuarial and risk models to reflect actual 
experience and other new information. Changes to assumptions and these models could impact NN by, for 
instance, requiring that it update its hedge positions, in which case NN may incur losses, or result in a review 
of, and subsequent changes to, NN’s product pricing, which could have a material adverse effect on NN’s 
business, revenues, results of operations and prospects. In addition, the impact of changes to assumptions, 
actuarial and risk models on NN’s financial reporting will differ depending on applicable accounting and 
regulatory frameworks. 
The impact of changes in assumptions for most of NN’s life insurance business would be reflected over the 
remaining life of the policies through IFRS earnings. However, for non-life insurance business and the variable 
annuity business, regular updates are made to the assumptions, with an immediate change in the present value 
of reserves and therefore on IFRS earnings. Furthermore, updates in assumptions within life insurance 
businesses with a market value based regulatory capital regime, such as the solvency framework and prudential 
regime ("Solvency II"), would result in an immediate change in the present value of the liabilities used to 
determine available regulatory capital and would therefore have an immediate impact on available regulatory 
capital. Changes in assumptions could therefore have a material adverse effect on NN’s results of operations, 
solvency and financial condition.

--- Page 24 ---
21 
 
Discrepancies between assumed mortality and morbidity and actual mortality and morbidity experience may 
have a material adverse effect on NN’s results of operations, solvency and financial condition. 
NN’s insurance business is exposed to mortality and morbidity risk. Mortality risk is the risk that a greater 
number of insured persons die than was assumed, resulting in higher claims. NN’s most significant exposure to 
mortality risk is in its term life and endowment policies. Morbidity risk is the risk that a greater number of 
insured persons will suffer from insured illnesses and disabilities than was assumed, resulting in higher claims 
and benefit payments. NN’s most significant exposure to morbidity risk is in its disability insurance business 
in the Netherlands non-life insurance business, and from health and accidental death covers within the SME 
Life insurance business in Japan. In the case of the income protection and disability insurance business in the 
Netherlands, a weak economy and higher unemployment may increase the likelihood that those who are eligible 
to make a claim do so for longer than was assumed, which would result in higher claims than was anticipated. 
Discrepancies between assumed mortality and morbidity and actual mortality and morbidity experience may 
have a material adverse effect on NN’s results of operations, solvency and financial condition. 
In valuing its insurance liabilities and in pricing its life insurance and pension products, NN uses 
assumptions to model the impact of future policyholders’ behaviour, which may be different from the actual 
impact of future policyholders’ behaviour. A discrepancy between assumed policyholder behaviour and 
actual experience, as well as changes to the assumptions used in the modelling, may have a material adverse 
effect on NN’s business, revenues, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. 
NN is exposed to risks associated with the future behaviour of policyholders which may have an impact on 
future claims payment patterns. Relevant policyholder behaviours include, among others, policy lapse, 
withdrawal and surrender decisions, decisions on whether or not to extend the term of a policy, premium 
payment decisions, discretionary policy top-ups, and choices regarding the underlying fund composition in 
relation to certain pension and investment products. Risks arise from the discretions afforded to policyholders 
under the policies, and decisions by customers on whether or not to perform under the policies. 
Policyholder behaviours and patterns can be influenced by many factors, including financial market conditions 
and economic conditions generally. Factors such as customer perception of NN, awareness and appreciation by 
customers of potential benefits of early surrender, and changes in laws (including tax laws that make relevant 
products more or less beneficial to customers from a tax perspective) can also affect policyholder behaviour. 
Other factors, less directly related to the product, such as a change in state pensions, an increase or decrease in 
the preference of consumers for cash at hand, the existence and terms of competing products, and others, may 
also have an impact on policyholder behaviour. 
A discrepancy between assumed policyholder behaviour and actual experience, as well as changes to the 
assumptions used in the modelling, may have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, results of 
operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. 
A failure to accurately estimate inflation and factor it into NN’s product pricing, expenses and liability 
valuations could have a material adverse effect on NN’s results of operations, solvency and financial 
condition. 
A failure to accurately estimate inflation and factor it into NN’s product pricing and liability valuations with 
regard to future claims and expenses could result in systemic mispricing of long-term life and non-life insurance 
products resulting in underwriting losses, and in restatements of insurance liabilities, which could have a 
material adverse effect on NN’s results of operations, solvency and financial condition. 
The COVID-19 pandemic, as well as monetary policy to mitigate its effects, have had and – in case the virus, 
or a similar event, returns – may continue to have impact on both supply and demand in the general economy. 
In addition, the war between Russia and Ukraine that started in 2022 impacted global supply chains and energy 
prices. The resulting supply chain disruptions and labour and energy shortages drive inflation upwards. The

--- Page 25 ---
22 
 
inflation in the Economic European Area (EEA) has risen to approximately 9.2 per cent. by the end of 20221 
and inflation levels may rise further or remain elevated for a longer period of time. The impact of inflationary 
developments on NN’s balance sheet and solvency position depends on inflation itself, but also on how other 
market factors move, amongst others driven by the response by central banks to rising inflation, or market 
expectations by investors. 
In the case of expenses, NN’s most significant exposure to inflation risk is in its life insurance business in the 
Netherlands. With respect to claims, NN’s most significant exposure to inflation risk is in its disability and 
accident insurance policies written by the non-life insurance business in the Netherlands. 
A sustained increase in inflation may result in (a) claims inflation (which is an increase in the amount ultimately 
paid to settle claims several years after the policy coverage period or event giving rise to the claim) and expense 
inflation (which is an increase in the amount of expenses that are paid in the future driven by amongst other 
things, wage inflation), respectively, coupled with (b) an underestimation of corresponding reserves at the time 
of establishment due to a failure to fully anticipate increased inflation and its effect on the amounts ultimately 
payable, and, consequently, actual claims or expense payments that significantly exceed associated insurance 
reserves, which could have a material adverse effect on NN’s results of operations, solvency and financial 
condition. An increase in inflation may also require NN to update its assumptions. Updates in assumptions 
within the life insurance business in the Netherlands would result in an immediate change in the present value 
of the claims or expenses, respectively, used to determine available regulatory capital in the Netherlands and 
would therefore have an immediate impact on available regulatory capital. Changes in assumptions could 
therefore have a material adverse effect on NN’s results of operations, solvency and financial condition. 
Investment guarantees of NN’s separate accounts pension business in the Netherlands and the variable 
annuity products sold in Japan have in the past had, and may in the future have, a material adverse effect 
on NN’s business, results of operations, solvency and financial condition. 
NN’s separate account business in the Netherlands consists of large pension contracts sold to employers under 
which a discretion to choose the funds in which premiums are invested is afforded, while NN offers a guaranteed 
return ranging from 3 per cent. to 4 per cent. As derivative instruments to hedge exposure to the investment 
options fully reflecting these exposures are not available, NN’s obligations under these policies cannot be fully 
hedged and as a result the capital required for this business, as well as results of operations attributable to this 
business, is volatile. 
Many of these products permit policyholders to make certain determinations at their discretion, including the 
discretion to surrender the contract, and in some cases to extend the contract. As a result, NN’s liability under 
these contracts is subject to policyholder behaviour, which is difficult to predict. Moreover, these discretionary 
characteristics amplify the potential effects of many other factors and risks, including basis risk, market 
volatility risks, risks arising when policies are close to renewal date, financial market conditions, hedging 
programme ineffectiveness, differences between assumptions and actual experience, operational risks and 
regulatory risks, all of which may have significant negative impacts on earnings, require significant adjustments 
of NN’s hedging position that might negatively impact liquidity, and require increases in regulatory reserves 
and capital requirements, each of which could have a material adverse effect on NN’s results of operations, 
solvency and financial condition. 
NN is exposed to the risk of claims from customers who feel misled or treated unfairly because of advice 
or information received. 
NN’s life insurance, non-life insurance, banking, investment and pension products and advice services for third 
party products are exposed to claims from customers who allege that they have received misleading advice or 
                                                          
1 Source: Products Euro Indicators - Eurostat (ec.europa.eu)

--- Page 26 ---
23 
 
other information from advisers (both internal and external) as to which products were most appropriate for 
them, or that the terms and conditions of the products, the nature of the products or the circumstances under 
which the products were sold were misrepresented to them. When new financial products are brought to the 
market, NN engages in a product approval process in connection with the development of such products, 
including production of appropriate marketing and communication materials. Notwithstanding these processes, 
customers may make claims against NN if the products do not meet customer expectations. Customer protection 
regulations, as well as changes in interpretation and perception by both the public at large and governmental 
authorities of acceptable market practices, influence customer expectations. 
Products distributed through person-to-person sales forces have a higher exposure to these claims as the sales 
forces provide face-to-face financial planning and advisory services. Complaints may also arise if customers 
feel that they have not been treated reasonably or fairly, or that the duty of care has not been complied with. 
While a considerable amount of time and resources have been invested in reviewing and assessing historic sales 
practices, and in the maintenance of risk management, and legal and compliance procedures to monitor current 
sales practices, there can be no assurance that all of the issues associated with current and historic sales practices 
have been or will be identified, nor that any issues already identified will not be more widespread than presently 
estimated. 
The negative publicity associated with any sales practices, any compensation payable in respect of any such 
issues and regulatory changes resulting from such issues have had and may continue to have a material adverse 
effect on NN’s business, reputation, revenues, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. 
D. Business and strategic risks of the Group 
Sales of life insurance products in the Netherlands are at a low level compared to historic sales level that 
have led NN’s existing book. NN can give no assurance that sales volumes of its life insurance products will 
increase in the future. Slow growth of, or further declines in, such sales volumes could, over time, have a 
material adverse effect on NN’s revenues, results of operations and prospects.  
Sales of life insurance products in the Netherlands are at a low level compared to historic sales levels, mainly 
due to low interest rates; changes in tax laws that have made certain life insurance products less attractive to 
customers; changes in regulation on commissions that have made life insurance distribution less attractive to 
brokers; negative publicity relating to unit-linked products in the Netherlands and a shift in focus of insurance 
companies, pension funds and employers away from traditional defined benefit pension schemes as low interest 
rates, and the guarantees that form part of these products, have increased the cost and made these products less 
attractive for employers providing such benefits. NN can give no assurance that sales volumes of its life 
insurance products, in the Netherlands and elsewhere, will increase in the future. In particular in relation to 
NN’s individual life insurance business, which is to a large extent in run-off, NN can give no assurance that 
sales volumes will grow. Slow growth of, or further declines in, such sales volumes could have a material 
adverse effect on NN’s revenues, results of operations and prospects. 
If NN is unable to successfully implement its strategy, or if NN’s strategy does not yield the anticipated 
benefits, this may have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, results of operations, solvency, 
financial condition and prospects and NN may not achieve its targets. If one or more of the assumptions that 
NN has made in setting its targets are inaccurate, NN may be unable to achieve one or more of its targets. 
NN’s strategy aims to generate capital and improve earnings via transformation in the Netherlands, profitable 
growth and operating leverage in other segments. NN intends to operationally improve and selectively grow its 
insurance businesses in the Netherlands. If NN’s strategy is not implemented successfully, or if NN’s strategy 
does not yield the anticipated benefits, this could have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, 
results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects and NN may be unable to achieve its targets. 
For example, via the Delta Lloyd, VIVAT Non-Life and MetLife (Greece and Poland) acquisitions in recent

--- Page 27 ---
24 
 
years, NN continued to grow its insurance businesses in the Netherlands and also its distribution channels. If 
anticipated synergies of these acquisitions are not achieved, this may have a material adverse impact on the 
business of NN. Given evolving industry and markets NN also regularly assesses its individual businesses, in 
line with the aim to pursue long-term value creation that is beneficial to all stakeholders, which could lead to 
considering broader strategic options for some businesses within or outside of NN Group, like the sale of NN 
Investment Partners. If the disentanglement of any business considered for sale does not go as planned, this can 
have material adverse impact on the business on NN. The ability to successfully implement NN’s strategy will 
also be impacted by factors such as general economic and business conditions, many of which are outside the 
control of NN. If one or more of the assumptions that NN has made in setting its targets are inaccurate, or if 
one or more of the risks described in this section occur, NN may be unable to achieve one or more of its targets. 
Because NN operates in highly competitive markets, it may lose its competitive position and market share, 
which may have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, results of operations, solvency, 
financial condition and prospects. 
In each of NN’s business lines, NN faces intense competition, including from domestic and foreign insurance 
companies, distributors, financial advisers, banks, asset managers and diversified financial institutions, both for 
the ultimate customers for NN’s products and for distribution through third party distribution channels. NN 
competes based on a number of factors, including brand recognition, reputation, perceived financial strength 
and credit ratings, scope of distribution, quality of investment advice, quality of service, product features, 
investment performance of its products and price. A decline in NN’s competitive position could have a material 
adverse effect on its business, revenues, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. 
Recent years have seen further consolidation among companies in the financial services industry through 
acquisitions, (forced) takeovers and the formation of new alliances. Increased levels of consolidation have 
enhanced the competitive position of some of NN’s competitors by broadening their product and services 
ranges, increasing their distribution channels and increasing their access to capital. Consolidation has also 
created larger competitors with lower (relative) operating costs and an ability to absorb greater risk more 
competitively, which could adversely affect NN’s ability to obtain new, or retain existing, customers, or its 
ability to adjust prices. These competitive pressures could result in increased pressure on product pricing and 
commissions on a number of NN’s products and services, which may adversely affect NN’s operating margins, 
underwriting results and capital requirements, or reduce market share, any of which could have a material 
adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, results of operations and prospects. 
Consumer demand, technological changes, regulatory changes and actions are the main factors affecting 
competition. Generally, NN could lose market share, incur losses on some or all of its activities and experience 
lower growth if it is unable to offer competitive, attractive and innovative products and services that are also 
profitable, does not choose the right product offering or distribution strategy, fails to implement such a strategy 
successfully or fails to adhere or successfully adapt to such demands and changes. 
Developing technologies are accelerating the introduction and prevalence of alternative distribution channels, 
particularly the internet. Such alternative distribution channels may also increase the possibility that new 
competitors whose competencies include the development and use of these alternative distribution channels 
may enter the markets in which NN operates. 
The continuing risk that one or more European countries could exit the eurozone or the EU could have a 
material adverse effect on NN’s business, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. 
There remains a risk that certain European countries exit the eurozone. The possible exit from the eurozone of 
one or more European countries and the replacement of the euro by one or more successor currencies could 
create significant uncertainties regarding the enforceability and valuation of euro denominated contracts to 
which NN (or its counterparties) are a party and thereby materially and adversely affect NN’s (and/or its

--- Page 28 ---
25 
 
counterparties’) liquidity, business, solvency and financial condition. Such uncertainties may include the risk 
that (a) a liability that was expected to be paid in euro is redenominated into a new currency (which may not be 
easily converted into other currencies without significant cost), (b) currencies in some European countries may 
devalue relative to others, (c) former eurozone member states may impose capital controls that would make it 
complicated, illegal or more costly to move capital out of such countries, and/or (d) some courts (in particular, 
courts in countries that have left the eurozone) may not recognise and/or enforce claims denominated in euro 
(and/or in any replacement currency). The possible exit from the eurozone of one or more European countries 
and/or the replacement of the euro by one or more successor currencies could also cause other significant market 
dislocations and lead to other adverse economic and operational impacts that are inherently difficult to predict 
or evaluate. As a result, the occurrence of one or more of these events could have a material adverse effect on 
the business, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects of NN and its counterparties. 
The UK’s exit from the European Union on 31 January 2020 has caused, and is anticipated to continue to 
cause, significant uncertainties and instability in the economy and in the financial markets, which may affect 
the Issuer and the trading price of the Notes. 
The outcome of the UK's referendum on membership in the European Union (EU), held on 23 June 2016, was 
that the UK public voted by a majority in favour of the British government taking the necessary action for the 
UK to leave the European Union. Subsequently, initiation of the legal process pursuant to Article 50 of the 
Lisbon Treaty has commenced. Parliament ratified the withdrawal agreement, and the UK left the EU on 31 
January 2020. Therefore, the Treaty on the European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union have ceased to apply to the UK. The European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the 
European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) and secondary legislation (made under powers provided 
in these Acts) ensures there is a functioning statute book in the UK. On 24 December 2020, after intensive 
negotiations, the European Commission reached an agreement with the UK on the terms of their future 
cooperation. As at the date of this Prospectus, the precise impact of the future relationship between the UK and 
the European Union on the business of the Group is difficult to determine. Furthermore, the UK's exit from the 
European Union has caused, and is anticipated to continue to cause, significant uncertainties and instability in 
the economy and in the financial markets, which may affect the Issuer and the trading price of the Notes. These 
uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations, solvency, financial 
condition and prospects of NN and its counterparties. In addition, it is unclear at this stage what the 
consequences of the UK's departure from the European Union will ultimately be for NN or the trading price of 
the Notes. 
A downgrade or a potential downgrade in NN’s credit or financial strength ratings could have a material 
adverse effect on NN’s ability to raise additional capital, or increase the cost of additional capital, and could 
result in, amongst others, a loss of existing or potential business (including losses on customer withdrawals) 
and decreased liquidity, each of which could have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, 
results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. 
In general, credit and financial strength ratings are important factors affecting public confidence in insurers, 
and are as such important to NN’s ability to sell its products and services to existing and potential customers. 
Credit ratings represent the opinions of rating agencies regarding an entity’s ability to repay its indebtedness. 
On an operating subsidiary level, financial strength ratings reflect the opinions of rating agencies on the 
financial ability of an insurance company to meet its obligations under an insurance policy, and are typically 
referred to “claims-paying ability” ratings. 
The Issuer has the following counterparty credit ratings: S&P: BBB+ (on 30 May 2023 S&P affirmed this rating 
with “Positive” outlook; Fitch: A+ (last affirmed on 3 March 2023, when Fitch regarded the outlook as 
“Stable”). Furthermore, the Issuer withdrew its solicited credit rating from Moody’s on 18 May 2016 and is 
now rated by Moody’s on an unsolicited basis.

--- Page 29 ---
26 
 
The following operating subsidiaries of the Issuer are the only operating subsidiaries with financial strength 
ratings from S&P: 
 
Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V. (NN Bank) has the following long-term counterparty credit rating: 
A-, with positive outlook (last affirmed on 30 May 2023). 
 
NN Re (Netherlands) N.V. has the following financial strength rating: A, with positive outlook (last 
affirmed on 30 May 2023). 
 
NN Life Insurance Company, Ltd. (NN Japan) has the following financial strength rating: A-, with 
positive outlook (last affirmed on 23 February 2023). 
Rating agencies review insurers’ ability to meet their obligations (including to policyholders and their 
creditworthiness generally) based on various factors, and assign ratings stating their current opinion in that 
regard. While most of the factors are specific to the rated company, some relate to general economic conditions, 
intercompany dependencies and other circumstances outside the rated company’s control. Such factors might 
also include a downgrade of the sovereign credit rating of the Netherlands as rating agencies typically take into 
account the credit rating of the relevant sovereign in assessing the credit and financial strength ratings of a 
corporate issuer. Rating agencies have increased the level of scrutiny that they apply to financial institutions, 
have increased the frequency and scope of their reviews, have requested additional information from the 
companies that they rate, and may adjust upward the capital and other requirements employed in the rating 
agency models for maintenance of certain rating levels. NN may need to take actions in response to changing 
rating methodologies, standards or capital requirements set by any of the rating agencies, which may not 
otherwise be in the best interests of NN. NN cannot predict what additional actions rating agencies may take, 
or what actions NN may take in response to the actions of rating agencies. The outcome of such reviews may 
have adverse ratings consequences, which could have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, 
results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. A downgrade in NN’s credit ratings could (a) 
make it more difficult or more costly to access additional debt and equity capital, (b) increase collateral 
requirements, give rise to additional payments, or afford termination rights, to counterparties under derivative 
contracts or other agreements, and (c) impair, or cause the termination of, NN’s relationships with customers, 
creditors, distributors, reinsurers or trading counterparties, each of which may have a material adverse effect on 
NN’s business, revenues, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. 
NN’s primary distribution channel is its network of intermediaries, tied agents and bancassurance. A failure 
by NN to maintain a competitive distribution network, or to attain a market share of new sales and 
distribution channels that is comparative to its market share of traditional channels, could have a material 
adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. 
NN’s primary distribution channel is its network of intermediaries (which includes independent agents and 
mandated brokers), tied agents and bancassurance through which it sells and distributes its products. The 
intermediaries and bancassurance parties through whom NN sells and distributes its products are independent 
of NN, with the exception of NN Bank. Moreover, NN does not have exclusivity agreements with intermediaries 
or with some of its bancassurance parties, so they are free to offer products from other insurance companies 
and there is no obligation to favour NN products. The successful distribution of NN products therefore depends 
in part on the choices an intermediary or bancassurance party may make as regards its preferred insurance 
company or companies, and as regards its preferred products and services. 
A failure by NN to maintain a competitive distribution network, including participation in, or the development 
of, an internet-based platform to maintain its market share of new sales through this distribution channel 
compared to its market share of traditional channels, could have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, 
revenues, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 30 ---
27 
 
NN’s hedging programmes may prove inadequate or ineffective for the risks they address, which could have 
a material adverse effect on NN’s business, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. 
NN employs hedging programmes with the objective of mitigating risks inherent in its business and operations. 
These risks include current or future changes in the fair value of NN’s assets and liabilities, current or future 
changes in cash flows, the effect of interest rates, equity markets and credit spread changes, the occurrence of 
credit defaults, and currency exchange fluctuations. As part of its risk management strategy, NN employs 
hedging programmes to control these risks by entering into derivative financial instruments, such as swaps, 
options, futures and forward contracts. 
Developing an effective strategy for dealing with the risks described above is complex, and no strategy can 
completely protect NN from such risks. Each of NN’s hedging programmes is based on financial market and 
customer behaviour models using, amongst others, statistics, observed historical market and customer 
behaviour, underlying fund performance, insurance policy terms and conditions, and NN’s own judgement, 
expertise and experience. These models are complex and may not identify all exposures, may not accurately 
estimate the magnitude of identified exposures or may not accurately determine the effectiveness of the hedge 
instruments, or fail to update hedge positions quickly enough to effectively respond to market movements. 
Furthermore, the effectiveness of these models depends on information regarding markets, customers, fund 
values, NN’s insurance portfolio and other matters, each of which may not always be accurate, complete, up to 
date or properly evaluated. Hedging programmes also involve transaction and other costs, and, if NN terminates 
a hedging arrangement, it may be required to pay additional costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs. 
NN may incur losses on transactions after taking into account hedging strategies. Although NN has developed 
policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage risks associated with these hedging programmes, the 
hedging programmes may not be effective in mitigating the risk that they are intended to hedge, particularly 
during periods of financial market volatility. 
Furthermore, the derivative counterparty in a hedging transaction may default on its obligations. Although it is 
NN’s policy to fully collateralise derivative contracts, and differences in market value of the collateral are 
settled between the relevant parties on a daily basis, it is still exposed to counterparty default risk. For instance, 
when a derivative counterparty would default on its obligations prior to the settlement date of a contract, NN 
may have to replace the contract with another counterparty at the then prevailing market price, thereby incurring 
a loss in case of an adverse market movement during the replacement period. NN manages this inherent risk to 
bilateral OTC derivative contracts by setting risk limits per counterparty, taking into account the 
creditworthiness of the counterparty and the estimated replacement cost risk in case of a counterparty default. 
This risk has decreased for new interest rate and credit derivatives due to a shift to a central clearing model, 
which was a key element in reducing counterparty risk between financial institutions, as the central counterparty 
interposes itself between the two counterparties in a derivative contract. 
NN is also dependent on third parties for the daily calculation of the market values of the derivative collateral. 
If these third parties (mostly large institutions) miscalculate the collateral required and the counterparty fails to 
fulfil its obligations under the derivative contract, it could result in unexpected losses, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the business, revenues, results of operations, solvency and financial condition of NN. 
In addition to this, NN has to ensure sufficient liquidity levels are maintained to meet collateral requirements. 
NN’s inability to manage risks successfully through derivatives (including a single counterparty’s default and 
the systemic risk that a default is transmitted from counterparty to counterparty) could have a material adverse 
effect on NN’s business, revenues, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. 
NN is exposed to the risk of damage to its brands and its reputation. 
NN’s business and results of operations are, to a certain extent, dependent on the strength of its brands and 
NN’s reputation. NN and its products are vulnerable to adverse market perception as it operates in an industry 
where integrity, customer trust and confidence are paramount. NN is exposed to the risk that litigation (such as

--- Page 31 ---
28 
 
in connection with mis-selling), employee fraud and other misconduct, operational failures, the negative 
outcome of regulatory investigations, press speculation and negative publicity, amongst others, whether or not 
founded, could damage its brands or reputation. Please also refer to the risk factor ‘Adverse publicity, claims 
and allegations, litigation and regulatory investigations and sanctions may have a material adverse effect on 
NN’s business, revenues, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects’, which could in part 
also lead to damage of the Issuer’s brands and reputation as described in this risk factor. 
Any of NN’s brands or reputation could also be harmed if products or services recommended by NN (or any of 
its intermediaries) do not perform as expected or do not otherwise meet customer expectations (whether or not 
the expectations are founded), or the customer’s expectations for the product change. 
Negative publicity could be based, for instance, on allegations that NN failed to comply with regulatory 
requirements or result from failures in business continuity or the performance of NN’s information technology 
(“IT”) systems, loss of customer data or confidential information, unsatisfactory service (support) levels, or 
insufficient transparency or disclosure of cost allocation (cost loading). Negative publicity adversely affecting 
NN’s brands or its reputation could also result from any misconduct or malpractice by intermediaries, business 
promoters or other third parties linked to NN (such as strategic partners). Furthermore, negative publicity, and 
damage to NN’s brands or reputation, could result from allegations that NN has invested in, or otherwise done 
business with, entities and individuals that are, or which become, subject to political or economic sanctions or 
are blacklisted, or which do not meet environmental and social responsibility standards. 
Any damage to NN’s brands or reputation could cause existing customers or intermediaries to withdraw their 
business from NN and potential customers or intermediaries to be reluctant or elect not to do business with NN. 
Furthermore, negative publicity could result in greater regulatory scrutiny and influence market or rating 
agencies’ perception of NN, which could make it more difficult for NN to maintain its credit ratings, which is 
an important factor for both intermediaries and customers when considering what insurance company to do 
business with. Any damage to NN’s brands or reputation could cause disproportionate damage to NN’s 
business, even if the negative publicity is factually inaccurate or unfounded. 
Prolonged investment underperformance of NN’s AuM, or the loss of key investment management personnel 
by NN’s asset managers, may cause existing customers to withdraw funds and potential customers not to 
grant investment mandates, which could have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, results 
of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. 
When buying investment products or selecting an investment manager, customers (including pension funds and 
intermediaries) typically consider, among others, the historic investment performance of the product and the 
individual who is responsible for managing the particular fund. This is also true in relation to certain investment 
products sold by NN’s life insurance, pension and banking business. In the event that NN does not provide 
satisfactory or appropriate investment returns now or in the future, underperforms in relation to its competitors 
or does not sell an investment product which a customer requires or is deemed suitable, existing customers 
(including pension funds) may decide to reduce or liquidate their investment, negotiate alterations of their 
existing agreements with NN, or transfer their mandates to another investment manager. Each of these results 
may also occur if NN’s asset managers were to lose key investment management personnel, or an entire fund 
management team, as this may impair customer confidence levels in the particular fund or asset class. In 
addition, potential customers may decide not to grant investment mandates. As the portfolio management fees 
charged by NN to its customers are based largely on the value of AuM, a prolonged period of investment 
underperformance, or a decline in AuM for the other reasons noted above, could have a material adverse effect 
on NN’s business, revenues, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. 
Previously unknown risks, so-called “emerging risks”, which cannot be reliably assessed, could lead to 
unforeseeable claims, which could have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, results of operations,

--- Page 32 ---
29 
 
solvency and financial condition. 
The term “emerging risks” is used in the insurance industry to refer to previously unknown risks that could 
cause substantial future losses and, therefore, are of major concern to insurance companies. Even more so than 
traditional risks, emerging risks are difficult to analyse because they often exist as hidden risks. Insurance 
premiums for emerging risks are difficult to calculate due to a lack of historical data about, or experience with, 
such risks or their consequences. At present, the consequences of potential worldwide climate change are 
considered emerging risks. There is a wide scientific consensus, and a growing public conviction, that globally 
increasing emissions of greenhouse gases, especially carbon dioxide, are causing an increase in average 
worldwide surface temperatures. This increase in average temperatures could increase the frequency of 
hurricanes, floods, droughts and forest fires, and could cause sea levels to rise due to the melting of the polar 
ice caps. Other examples of emerging risks are demographic changes (such as the aging of the population), 
epidemics and pandemics, and risks that may arise from the development of nanotechnology and genetic 
engineering. 
Despite its efforts at early identification and continuous monitoring of emerging risks, NN cannot give any 
assurance that it has been or will be able to identify all emerging risks and to implement pricing and reserving 
measures to avoid or minimise claims exposure to them. Defects and inadequacies in the identification and 
response to emerging risks could lead to unforeseen policy claims and benefits and could have a material 
adverse effect on NN’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  
E. Regulatory and Litigation Risks 
NN is subject to comprehensive laws and regulations, and to supervision by many regulatory authorities that 
have broad administrative powers over NN. These laws and regulations have been and will be subject to 
changes, which may result in significant implementation and monitoring costs. Failure to comply with 
applicable laws and regulations may result in monetary and reputational damages, which could have a 
material adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and 
prospects. 
NN is subject to comprehensive insurance, investment management, banking, pension and other financial 
services laws and regulations, and to supervision by many regulatory authorities that have broad administrative 
and discretionary power over NN. Amongst others, the laws and regulations to which NN is subject concern: 
capital adequacy requirements; liquidity requirements; permitted investments; the distribution of dividends, 
product and sales suitability; product distribution; payment processing; employment practices; remuneration; 
sustainability; ethical standards; anti-money laundering; anti-terrorism measures; prohibited transactions with 
countries and individuals that are subject to sanctions or otherwise blacklisted; anti-corruption; privacy and 
confidentiality; recordkeeping and financial reporting; price controls, and exchange controls. For more details 
on some of the supervision and regulation applicable to NN, we refer to “Description of the Issuer - Supervision 
and regulation applicable to NN’s business” on pages 158-166. 
The laws and regulations to which NN is subject are becoming increasingly more extensive and complex and 
regulators are closely monitoring and scrutinising the industries in which NN operates, and on NN itself, placing 
an increasing burden on NN’s resources and expertise, and requiring implementation and monitoring measures 
that are costly. For example, following the release of the EU Action Plan on Sustainable Finance in March 2018, 
numerous sustainability rules are introduced. These rules are not only in the field of product disclosures 
following the implementation of the Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 27 November 2019 on sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector (“SFDR”) and 
adjustments in IDD, Solvency II, MiFiD and PRIIPS, but also, for example, in the field of non-financial 
reporting (f.e. Directive (EU) 2022/2464 (Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive)) and how to 
consider climate risks in NN Group’s (risk) governance. In some cases, the laws and regulations to which NN 
is subject have increased because governments are increasingly enacting laws that have an extra-territorial

--- Page 33 ---
30 
 
scope. 
Regulations to which NN is, and may be, subject may limit NN’s activities, including through its net capital, 
customer protection and market conduct requirements, may negatively impact NN’s ability to make 
autonomous decisions in relation to its businesses and may limit the information to which NN has access in 
relation to those businesses, and result in restrictions on businesses in which NN can operate or invest, each of 
which may have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, results of operations and prospects. As compliance 
with applicable laws and regulations is time-consuming and personnel-intensive, and changes in laws and 
regulations have increased, and may further increase, the cost of compliance has increased and is expected to 
continue to increase. 
Laws, regulations and policies currently governing NN have changed, and may continue to change in ways 
which have had and may have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, results of operations, 
solvency, financial condition and prospects. NN cannot predict whether or when future legislative or regulatory 
actions may be taken, or what impact, if any, actions taken to date or in the future could have. Insurance 
regulators, including DNB, generally have broad discretion in interpreting, applying and enforcing the rules 
and regulations with respect to solvency and legal and regulatory capital requirements, for example by limiting 
or prohibiting the issuance of new business, prohibiting payment of dividends, deferring or cancelling the 
payment of interest on certain types of securities or, in extreme cases, putting the company into rehabilitation 
or insolvency proceedings. In times of significant market turmoil, regulators may become more conservative in 
the interpretation, application and enforcement of these rules and regulations. As evidenced during COVID-19 
pandemic, insurance regulators stressed the importance for insurers to hold additional safety buffers and made 
recommendations to insurers to withhold shareholder distributions such as dividend and share buyback 
programmes. 
Financial regulation in the Member States in which NN operates is mainly based on EU directives. However, 
differences may occur in the regulations of various Member States, and such differences between the regulations 
of Member States may place NN’s business at a competitive disadvantage in comparison to other European 
financial services groups. 
NN may fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations as a result of human or other operational errors in 
their implementation, unclear regulations, regulations being subject to multiple interpretations or being under 
development, or as a result of a shift in the interpretation or application of laws and regulations (including EU 
Directives) by regulators. Failure to comply with any applicable laws and regulations could subject NN to 
administrative penalties and other enforcement measures imposed by a particular governmental or self-
regulatory authority, and could lead to unanticipated costs associated with remedying such failures (including 
claims from NN customers) and adverse publicity, harm NN’s reputation, cause temporary interruption of 
operations and cause revocation or temporary suspension of the licence. Each of these risks, should they 
materialise, could have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, results of operations, solvency, 
financial condition and prospects. 
The impact on NN of ongoing financial regulatory reform initiatives is uncertain. 
Financial regulatory reform initiatives could have adverse consequences for the financial services industry 
generally, including NN. Recent and ongoing regulatory reform initiatives include, amongst others: 
 
ComFrame. On 2 July 2012, the International Association of Insurance Supervisors (“IAIS”) released a 
working draft on the ComFrame “Insurance core principles”. “ComFrame”, short for “Common 
Framework for the Supervision of Internationally Active Insurance Groups” (“IAIGs”), has three main 
objectives: (a) to develop methods of operating group-wide supervision of IAIGs; (b) to establish a 
comprehensive framework for supervisors to address group-wide activities and risks, and (c) to foster 
global convergence. On 17 December 2014, the IAIS commenced a public consultation on the

--- Page 34 ---
31 
 
development of a risk-based global insurance capital standard (“ICS”), which followed the 
announcement of the ICS as a component of ComFrame for IAIGs in October 2013. In 2018, IAIS has 
separately consulted new versions of ComFrame and ICS. These were subsequently adopted on 18 
November 2019. A 5 year monitoring period has started in January 2020 in which feedback to the IAIS 
on the ICS design and performance will be given by the supervisors. The future impact on NN– which 
is considered by DNB to be an IAIG as referred to in the ComFrame – is uncertain.  
 
Financial Conglomerate (“FICO”). On 19 April 2016, DNB designated the Issuer as a financial 
conglomerate (FICO) effective from 1 January 2016. As of that date the Issuer qualifies as a mixed 
financial holding company and is subject to supplemental group supervision by DNB in accordance with 
the requirements of the EU’s Financial Conglomerate Directive. As a result, DNB had required the Issuer 
to deduct its participation in credit institutions from the Issuer’s Solvency II ratio. Accordingly, the 
Issuer excluded NN Bank from both own funds and the SCR. On 11 July 2020, DNB published a change 
in the requirements under Solvency II. DNB revised the required approach to calculating the Solvency 
II ratio for an insurance-led FICO such as NN Group. Under the new approach, NN Group is required 
to include NN Bank in the calculation of its Solvency II ratio as from 31 December 2020. The negative 
impact on the NN Group Solvency II ratio at 31 December 2020 was approximately 9% points. 
Additional requirements stemming from other European directives and regulations, such as the Recovery 
and Resolution Directive (2014/59/EU), CRD IV (2013/36/EU) and CRR (575/2013/EU), might also 
apply to a FICO. For insurance led FICOs, DNB is currently of the view that the CRD IV and CRR 
requirements do not apply to the holding company given that it is already subject to Solvency II group 
supervision requirements. However, a different interpretation of these requirements by the EC or future 
changes to these requirements might lead to DNB taking a different view in this respect. If so, this could 
lead to increased capital requirements, make it more expensive for NN to conduct its business and 
requires NN to make changes to its business model. 
The continuing introduction of new regulations, if applicable to NN, could significantly impact the manner in 
which it operates and could materially and adversely impact the profitability of one or more of NN’s business 
lines or the level of capital required to support its activities. New laws may include the expropriation or 
nationalisation of assets of NN or its customers (as has occurred in connection with the pension regime reform 
in Poland). Although the full impact of the regulations described above cannot be determined, including as a 
result of discretions granted to regulators, uncertainties as to the interpretation and implementation of the 
regulations by regulators and governmental bodies and, in the case of regulations that have not yet been 
finalised, until the content of the regulations themselves has become clear, many of their requirements could 
have material and adverse consequences for the financial services industry, including for NN. These regulations 
could make it more expensive for NN to conduct its business, require that NN makes changes to its business 
model, require that NN satisfies increased capital requirements, necessitate time-consuming and costly 
implementation measures, or subject NN to greater regulatory scrutiny, which could, individually or in the 
aggregate, have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, results of operations, solvency, financial 
condition and prospects. 
NN is required to comply with Solvency II, the Solvency II framework has been reviewed in the past and is 
subject to future review(s), and it is not possible to fully anticipate the (potential) changes from Solvency II 
review(s), if any, will be, and consequently, what the impact would be on NN or on the rights of the 
Noteholders.  
As of 1 January 2016, the solvency framework and prudential regime, known as “Solvency II”, has become 
applicable to insurance companies, reinsurance companies, insurance holding and mixed financial holding 
companies. The framework for Solvency II is set out in the Solvency II Directive, which was adopted by the 
European Council on 10 November 2009 (Directive 2009/138/EC).

--- Page 35 ---
32 
 
Solvency II introduced economic risk-based solvency requirements across all Member States for the first time. 
In addition to these quantitative requirements (Pillar 1), Solvency II also sets requirements for governance, risk 
management and effective supervision (Pillar 2), and disclosure and transparency requirements (Pillar 3). 
On 5 April 2017, EIOPA published an updated methodology to derive the Ultimate Forward Rate ("UFR"). In 
line with this methodology, the UFR for the euro will decrease from 3.45% in 2023 to 3.3% in 2024. 
The European Commission may adopt and consequently publish further implementing acts regarding the UFR 
for the euro or other currencies. Changes to the UFR may have a significant impact resulting in a decrease of 
the Solvency II ratio of the Issuer. In particular, the Issuer’s Dutch life insurance business may be affected by 
such changes due to the long term liabilities of these entities in relation to products offered in the context of the 
life insurance business. Furthermore, any further decreases of the UFR in the coming years will likely result in 
decrease of own funds and higher capital requirements for the Issuer going forward.  
While the aim of Solvency II is to introduce a harmonised, risk-based approach to solvency capital, there is a 
risk of differences in interpretation and application of Solvency II requirement by financial services regulators, 
resulting in an unequal competitive landscape. This risk may be exacerbated by powers afforded to financial 
services regulators in Member States that go beyond those set by Solvency II.  
In 2020, a review of the Solvency II Directive has started to take place. The Solvency II 2020 review covers a 
wide range of aspects of the Solvency II framework which might have an impact on the Issuer’s Solvency II 
ratio. In this context, on 10 February 2019, the European Commission has requested EIOPA to provide technical 
advice in a number of areas, including: 
 the long-term guarantee measures, including the functioning of the matching adjustment and the volatility 
adjustment; 
 methodology for extrapolation of the risk-free interest rate term structure including last liquid point; 
 considering updates to Standard Formula shocks and correlations and Minimum Capital Requirements; 
 the functioning of the dynamic volatility adjustment; 
 the appropriateness of the design of the risk margin; 
 group supervision; 
 recovery and resolution; and 
 other items related to the supervision of insurance and reinsurance undertakings. 
On 17 December 2020, EIOPA published its opinion to the European Commission (the “Opinion”). The 
Opinion, which consists of a proposed package of measures, was used as input for the European Commission 
to draft a legislative proposal. On 22 September 2021, the European Commission published its draft proposals 
on the Solvency II 2020 review (the “EC Proposal”). In June 2022, the European Council reached consensus 
on their view on the Opinion. In the first half of 2023 the European Parliament will negotiate on their position, 
followed by the trialogue negotiations. The proposed changes are currently expected to be implemented at the 
earliest in 2026. Based on the draft EC Proposal and the current market conditions, NN Group remains 
comfortable with its solvency position and does not expect changes to its dividend policy caused by the issuance 
of the EC Proposal. Since this EC Proposal mainly contains details on the Solvency II Directive, full detailed 
specifications of the expected amendments to the Solvency II Regulation are not yet fully clear. Furthermore, 
the draft EC Proposal forms the basis for the upcoming legislative process, which can take a long time and can 
lead to further changes in the proposals. Additionally, future market conditions are unknown. Therefore it is not 
possible to fully determine what impact these legislative developments would have on NN and, consequently,

--- Page 36 ---
33 
 
on the rights of the Noteholders, but depending on the nature of the changes, these could have a material adverse 
effect on NN’s solvency and financial condition. 
Actual interest rates benchmarks, like EURIBOR or EONIA have to be reformed to comply with the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. Insurance liabilities are discounted using the risk-free rates based on EIOPA term 
structures. For Euro, they are currently based on swap rates using EURIBOR and adjusted for credit and default 
risk with Overnight Indexed Swap rates linked to EONIA. If EURIBOR and/or EIONIA will be replaced as 
benchmark for interest rates this might have an impact on the definition of the risk-free rate. Due to the long-
term nature of NN’s liabilities even small changes to the risk-free rate might have a material impact on value 
of NN’s best estimate liabilities and the size of our own funds. It is currently not possible to fully determine the 
impact this transition will have on the Issuer and, consequently, what the impact would be on the rights of the 
Noteholders, but depending on the nature and timing of the changes, these could have a material adverse effect 
on NN’s business results, solvency and financial condition. 
NN is subject to stress tests and other regulatory enquiries. Stress tests and the announcement of the 
results by regulatory authorities can destabilise the insurance sector and lead to a loss of trust with regard 
to individual companies or the insurance sector as a whole. Such stress tests, and the announcement of 
the results, could negatively impact NN’s reputation and financing costs and trigger enforcement actions 
by regulatory authorities. 
In order to assess the level of available capital in the insurance sector, the national and supra-national regulatory 
authorities (such as EIOPA) require solvency calculations and conduct stress tests where they examine the 
effects of various adverse scenarios on insurers. Announcements by regulatory authorities that they intend to 
carry out such tests can destabilise the insurance sector and lead to a loss of trust with regard to individual 
companies or the insurance sector as a whole. In the event that NN’s results in such a calculation or test are 
worse than those of its competitors and these results become known, this could also have adverse effects on 
NN’s financing costs, customer demand for NN’s products and NN’s reputation. Furthermore, a poor result by 
NN in such calculations or tests could influence regulatory authorities in the exercise of their discretionary 
powers. 
Adverse publicity, claims and allegations, litigation and regulatory investigations and sanctions may have 
a material adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, results of operations, solvency, financial condition 
and prospects. 
NN is subject to litigation, arbitration and other claims and allegations, concerning, among others, the charge 
and disclosure of costs, commissions, premiums, (default) interest and transparency in respect of certain 
products and services and the risks relating thereto. The occurrence of such events could result in adverse 
publicity and reputational harm, lead to increased regulatory supervision, affect NN’s ability to attract and retain 
customers and maintain its access to the capital markets, result in cease-and-desist orders, claims, enforcement 
actions, fines and civil and criminal penalties, other disciplinary action, or have other material adverse effects 
on NN in ways that are not predictable.  
Over time, the legal and regulatory requirements and expectations of various stakeholders, including customers, 
regulators and the public at large, as well as standards and market practice, have developed and changed, leading 
to increasing customer protection. As a result, customers have claimed and may in the future claim that products 
sold in the past fail to meet current requirements and expectations and that NN or any other financial 
institution(s) have failed to meet the required level of transparency where it concerns, for instance, cost charges, 
interest, product characteristics and related risks. In any such proceedings, it cannot be excluded that the 
relevant court, regulator, governmental authority or other decision-making body will apply current norms, 
requirements, expectations, standards and market practices on laws and regulations to products sold, issued or 
advised on by NN.

--- Page 37 ---
34 
 
Some claims and allegations may be brought by or on behalf of a class (a collective action), and claimants may 
seek large or indeterminate amounts of damages, including compensatory, liquidated, treble and punitive 
damages. In the Netherlands, the number and size of claims that are the subject of litigation, regulatory 
proceedings and other adversarial proceedings (including, without limitation, collective actions) against 
financial institutions are increasing, and could further increase following the adoption of a new bill (Wet 
afwikkeling massaschade in collectieve actie) on the basis of which it has become possible to collectively claim 
damages arising from events on or after 15 November 2016 through a collective action. This new bill has entered 
into force on 1 January 2020. For claims arising from events occurred before 15 November 2016, a collective 
action initiated in the Netherlands has as a main characteristic that a plaintiff cannot claim damages on behalf 
of a class of disadvantaged parties. Instead, Dutch law entitles claims organisations to demand other relief, most 
importantly, a ‘declaration of law’ by the court that a certain action was unlawful. Such declaration can then 
form the basis for an award for damages in individual cases. A declaration of law may also serve as a basis for 
negotiations between the defendant against which the declaration of law has been awarded and claims 
organisations representing disadvantaged parties, to come to a collective monetary settlement which can 
subsequently be declared binding by the Court of Appeal in Amsterdam and applied to the entire class of 
disadvantaged parties. These legal risks could potentially involve, but are not limited to, disputes concerning 
the products and services in which NN acts as principal, intermediary or otherwise. NN’s reserves for litigation 
liabilities may prove to be inadequate. Claims and allegations, should they become public, need not be well 
founded, true or successful to have a negative impact on NN’s reputation. In addition, press reports and other 
public statements that assert some form of wrongdoing on the part of NN or other large and well-known 
companies (including as result of financial reporting irregularities) could result in adverse publicity and in 
inquiries or investigations by regulators, legislators and law enforcement officials, and responding to these 
inquiries and investigations, regardless of their ultimate outcome, is time-consuming and expensive.  
Adverse publicity, claims and allegations (whether on an individual or collective basis), litigation and regulatory 
investigations and sanctions may have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, results of 
operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects in any given period. Adverse publicity could in part also 
lead to damage of the Issuer's brands and reputation. For further description of this risk, please refer to the risk 
factor ‘NN is exposed to the risk of damage to its brands and its reputation’. 
Holders of products where the customer bears all or part of the investment risk, or consumer protection 
organisations on their behalf, have filed claims or proceedings against NN and other insurance companies 
and may continue to do so. A negative outcome of such claims and proceedings brought by customers or 
organisations acting on their behalf, actions taken by regulators or governmental authorities against NN, 
or other insurers in respect of unit-linked products, settlements or any other actions for the benefit of 
customers by other insurers and sector-wide measures could substantially affect NN’s insurance business 
and, as a result, may have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, reputation, revenues, results of 
operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. In addition, claims and proceedings may be 
brought against NN in respect of other products with one or more similar product characteristics sold, 
issued or advised on by NN in and outside the Netherlands.  
Since the end of 2006, unit-linked products (commonly referred to in Dutch as ‘beleggingsverzekeringen’) have 
received negative attention in the Dutch media, from the Dutch Parliament, the AFM and consumer protection 
organisations. Costs of unit-linked products sold in the past are perceived as too high and Dutch insurers are in 
general being accused of being insufficiently transparent in their offering of such unit-linked products. The 
criticism on unit-linked products led to the introduction of compensation schemes by Dutch insurance 
companies that have offered unit-linked products. In 2008 and 2010, Nationale-Nederlanden and Delta Lloyd 
(and ABN AMRO Levensverzekering in 2010) reached agreements with consumer protection organisations to 
offer compensation to unit-linked policyholders. The agreements with the consumer protection organisations 
are not binding to policyholders, and consequently, do not prevent individual policyholders from initiating legal

--- Page 38 ---
35 
 
proceedings against the Issuer’s Dutch insurance subsidiaries.  
As noted above, there has been for some time and there continues to be political, regulatory and public attention 
focused on the unit-linked issue in general. Elements of unit-linked policies are being challenged or may be 
challenged on multiple legal grounds in current and future legal proceedings and there is a risk that one or more 
of these legal challenges will succeed.  
Nationale-Nederlanden, Delta Lloyd and ABN AMRO Levensverzekering have issued or sold approximately 1 
million, 700 thousand and 550 thousand individual unit-linked policies, respectively of which (i) approximately 
260 thousand, 250 thousand and 225 thousand unit-linked policies respectively, were matured, terminated, 
surrendered or cancelled at the time the Issuer’s Dutch insurance subsidiaries entered into the agreements with 
the consumer protection organisations in 2008. As at 31 December 2022, the portfolio of Nationale-Nederlanden 
(including Delta Lloyd) and ABN AMRO Levensverzekering (as of 1 April 2023 merged into Nationale-
Nederlanden) comprised approximately 257 thousand and 56 thousand active unit-linked policies respectively. 
The portfolio of each of the Issuer’s Dutch insurance subsidiaries differs in composition, product features, terms 
and conditions and other factors. 
Customers of the Issuer’s Dutch insurance subsidiaries have claimed, among others, that (a) the investment 
risk, costs charged or the risk premium was not, or not sufficiently, made clear to the customer, (b) the product 
costs charged on initial sale and on an ongoing basis were so high that the expected return on investment was 
not realistically achievable, (c) the product sold to the customer contained specific risks that were not, or not 
sufficiently, made clear to the customer (such as the leverage capital consumption risk) or was not suited to the 
customer’s personal circumstances, (d) the insurer owed the customer a duty of care which the insurer has 
breached, (e) the insurer failed to warn of the risk of not realising the projected policy values and/or that these 
projected policy values were incorrect, (f) the policy conditions were unfair, or (g) the costs charged or the risk 
premium had no contractual basis. These claims may be based on general standards of contract or securities 
law, such as reasonableness and fairness, error, duty of care, or standards for proper customer treatment or due 
diligence, such as relating to the fairness of terms in consumer contracts and may be made by customers, or on 
behalf of customers, holding active policies or whose policies have lapsed, matured or been surrendered. NN is 
currently subject to legal proceedings initiated by individual policyholders and is subject of a number of claims 
initiatives brought on behalf of policyholders by consumer protection organisations in which claims as set forth 
above or similar claims are being made. While, to date, less than 100 complaints are pending against the Issuer’s 
Dutch insurance subsidiaries before the Financial Services Complaints Board (the “Kifid”), and on 31 
December 2022 less than 1,250 individual settlements were made, there is no assurance that further proceedings 
for damages based on aforementioned legal grounds or other grounds will not be brought. The timing of 
reaching any finality in last instance on these pending legal claims and proceedings is uncertain and such 
uncertainty is likely to continue for some time. 
Rulings or announcements made by courts, including the European Court of Justice and advisory opinions 
issued by the Attorney General to such Court on questions being considered by such Court, or decision-making 
bodies or actions taken by regulators or governmental authorities against the Issuer’s Dutch insurance 
subsidiaries or other Dutch insurance companies in respect of unit-linked products, or settlements or any other 
actions to the benefit of customers (including product improvements or repairs) by other Dutch insurance 
companies towards consumers, consumer protection organisations, regulatory or governmental authorities or 
other decision making bodies in respect of the unit-linked products, may affect the (legal) position of the Issuer’s 
Dutch insurance subsidiaries and may force such subsidiaries to take (financial) measures that could have a 
substantial impact on the financial condition, results of operations, solvency or reputation of the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries. As a result of the public and political attention the unit-linked issue has received, it is also possible 
that sector-wide measures may be imposed by governmental authorities or regulators in relation to unit-linked 
products in the Netherlands. The impact on the Issuer’s Dutch insurance subsidiaries of rulings made by courts

--- Page 39 ---
36 
 
or decision-making bodies, actions taken by regulators or governmental bodies against other Dutch insurance 
companies in respect of unit-linked products, or settlements or any other actions to the benefit of customers 
(including product improvements or repairs), may be determined not only by market share but also by portfolio 
composition, product features, terms and conditions and other factors. Adverse decisions or the occurrence of 
any of the developments as described above could result in outcomes materially different than if the Issuer’s 
Dutch insurance subsidiaries or its products had been judged or negotiated solely on their own merits. 
The Issuer’s Dutch insurance subsidiaries have in the past sold, issued or advised on unit-linked products in 
and outside the Netherlands, and in certain jurisdictions continue to do so. Moreover, NN has in the past, in the 
Netherlands and other countries, sold, issued or advised on large numbers of insurance or investment products 
of its own or of third parties (and in some jurisdictions continues to do so) that have one or more product 
characteristics similar to those unit-linked products that have been the subject of the scrutiny, adverse publicity 
and claims in the Netherlands. Given the continuous political, regulatory and public attention on the unit-linked 
issue in the Netherlands, the increase in legal proceedings and claim initiatives in the Netherlands or the 
legislative and regulatory developments in Europe to further increase and strengthen consumer protection in 
general, there is a risk that unit-linked products and other insurance and investment products sold, issued or 
advised on by the Issuer’s Dutch insurance subsidiaries may become subject to the same or similar levels of 
regulatory or political scrutiny, publicity and claims or actions by consumers, consumer protection 
organisations, regulators or governmental authorities. 
The book of policies of the Issuer’s Dutch insurance subsidiaries dates back many years, and in some cases 
several decades. Over time, the legal and regulatory requirements and expectations of various stakeholders, 
including customers, regulators and the public at large, as well as standards and market practice, have developed 
and changed, increasing customer protection. As a result, policyholders and consumer protection organisations 
have initiated and may in the future initiate proceedings against the Issuer’s Dutch insurance subsidiaries 
alleging that products sold in the past fail to meet current requirements and expectations. In any such 
proceedings, it cannot be excluded that the relevant court, regulator, governmental authority or other decision-
making body will apply current norms, requirements, expectations, standards and market practices on laws and 
regulations to products sold, issued or advised on by the Issuer’s Dutch insurance subsidiaries. 
Although the financial consequences of any of these factors or a combination thereof could be substantial for 
the Dutch insurance business of the Issuer and, as a result, may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, reputation, revenues, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects, it is not 
possible to reliably estimate or quantify the Issuer’s overall exposure at this time. 
The Issuer and its regulated subsidiaries are required to maintain significant levels of capital and to 
comply with a number of legal and regulatory requirements relating thereto. If the Issuer or its regulated 
subsidiaries were in danger of failing, or fail, to meet legal and regulatory capital requirements or to 
maintain sufficient assets to satisfy certain regulatory requirements, the supervisory authorities have 
broad authority to require them to take steps to protect policyholders and other clients and to compensate 
for capital shortfalls and to limit the ability of the Issuer’s subsidiaries to pay dividends or distributions 
to the Issuer. 
The Issuer and its regulated subsidiaries are required to maintain significant levels of capital and to comply 
with a number of legal and regulatory requirements relating thereto. NN’s supervisory authorities could require 
it to take remedial action if the Issuer or any of its regulated subsidiaries breaches or is at risk of breaching any 
of the legal and regulatory capital requirements. Amongst others, such breaches could be as a result of new legal 
and regulatory requirements, including Solvency II, or as a result of material adverse developments in the legal 
proceedings associated with the Dutch unit-linked policies or any of the legal and regulatory developments 
described above. In addition, the supervisory authorities could decide to increase the legal and regulatory capital 
requirements of the Issuer or any of its regulated subsidiaries, or the level of NN’s regulatory capital may

--- Page 40 ---
37 
 
decrease as a result of a change or difference in the interpretation or application of principle-based legal and 
regulatory requirements, including solvency requirements, by or between NN and the supervisory authorities. 
In this regard, DNB may give instructions on the interpretation of the legal and regulatory requirements, 
including solvency requirements, and the application of the Issuer’s funds to strengthen the capital position of 
its Dutch regulated subsidiaries to levels above legal and regulatory capital requirements, any of which may 
affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations to its creditors, including Noteholders. Remedial action 
could include working closely with the authorities to protect policyholders’ interests and to restore the Issuer’s 
or the individual subsidiary’s capital and solvency positions to acceptable levels and to ensure that the financial 
resources necessary to meet obligations to policyholders are maintained. In taking any such remedial action, 
the interests of the policyholders would take precedence over those of Noteholders. 
If NN is unable to meet its legal and regulatory requirements by redeploying existing available capital, it would 
have to consider taking other measures to protect its capital and solvency position. These measures might 
include divesting parts of its business, which may be difficult or costly or result in a significant loss. NN might 
also have to raise additional capital in the form of subordinated debt or equity. 
Raising additional capital from external sources might be impossible due to factors outside NN’s control, such 
as market conditions, or it might be possible only on unfavourable terms. Any of these measures could have a 
material adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and 
prospects. If the legal and regulatory requirements are not met (because NN could not take appropriate measures 
or because the measures were not sufficiently effective), NN could lose any of its licences and hence be forced 
to cease some or all of its business operations. 
The capital requirements applicable to NN are subject to ongoing regulatory change. A breach of capital 
requirements may also limit the ability of a regulated subsidiary to pay dividends or distributions to the Issuer. 
NN has divested a substantial part of its insurance and investment management businesses over the past 
several years through private sales and public offerings (including as required by and within the 
timeframe agreed with the EC as laid down in the EC Restructuring Plan), in respect of which the sellers 
have given representations, warranties, guarantees, indemnities and other contractual protections to the 
purchasers of these businesses that may, should claims arise, have a material adverse effect on NN’s 
results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. 
NN has divested a substantial part of its insurance and investment management businesses (including as 
required by and within the timeframe agreed with the EC as laid down in the EC Restructuring Plan) in the 
United States, Latin America, Asia and Australia over the past years through private sales and public offerings. 
The aggregate sales proceeds of the divestments that closed in 2011, 2012 and 2013 were EUR 8.5 billion. 
Other than the initial public offering of ING U.S., these divestments were carried out by way of competitive 
auction processes. In respect of these divestments, the relevant members of the Group have given 
representations, warranties, guarantees, indemnities and other contractual protections to the relevant purchasers 
and as a result may be subject to claims from the purchasers. The contractual protections given in relation to 
certain divestments might be considered more purchaser-friendly than protections generally given by sellers in 
these types of transactions, taking into account the requirements and timeframe for these divestments as agreed 
with the EC. Liability of NN as a result of claims made by purchasers could materially and adversely affect 
NN’s results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. In respect of the divestments of the 
former subsidiaries in the United States and Latin America, with aggregate sales proceeds of EUR 4.0 billion, 
NN has been indemnified by ING Group against such claims. 
Changes in tax laws could materially impact NN’s tax position which could affect the ability of the Issuer 
to make payments to Noteholders and the ability of the Issuer’s subsidiaries to make direct and indirect 
distributions to the Issuer. Changes in tax laws may make some of NN’s insurance, pensions, investment

--- Page 41 ---
38 
 
management and banking products less attractive to customers, decreasing demand for certain of NN’s 
products and increasing surrenders of certain of NN’s in-force life insurance policies, which may have a 
material adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, results of operations, solvency, financial condition 
and prospects. 
Changes in the applicable tax legislation, in the interpretation of existing tax laws, amendments to existing tax 
rates, or the introduction of new tax legislation, specifically with respect to taxation of insurance companies, 
could lead to a higher tax burden on NN, materially impact NN’s tax receivables and liabilities as well as 
deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, and could have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, results 
of operations, solvency and financial condition. 
Under Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 commonly referred to as the 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”), a new reporting regime is imposed, which may lead to a 
compliance risk of the Issuer, and potentially a 30 per cent. withholding tax will be imposed on “passthru 
payments” made to certain non-U.S. financial institutions that fail to provide certain information regarding their 
U.S. accountholders and certain U.S. investors to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”). Some countries 
(including the Netherlands) have entered into, and other countries are expected to enter into, intergovernmental 
agreements (“IGAs”) with the U.S. to facilitate the type of information reporting required under FATCA. IGAs 
will often require financial institutions in those countries to report some information on their U.S. 
accountholders to the taxing authorities of those countries, which will then pass the information on to the IRS. 
NN is a financial institution for purposes of FATCA and the IGA between the U.S. and the Netherlands. NN has 
taken all necessary steps to comply with FATCA and any legislation implementing an IGA or, if and to the 
extent necessary, entered into an agreement with the IRS to facilitate compliance with FATCA. If NN or one of 
its subsidiaries is not FATCA compliant, NN could face certain withholding penalties. The FATCA protocol 
should also mitigate the risk that NN or one of its subsidiaries enters into a relationship with a U.S. tax evader. 
This may lead to reputational damage, regulatory fines, loss of market share, financial losses and legal risk. 
Amendments to applicable laws, orders and regulations may be issued or altered with retroactive effect. 
Additionally, tax authorities may change their interpretations of tax laws at any time, which may lead to a higher 
tax burden on NN. While changes in taxation laws would affect the insurance sector as a whole, changes may 
be more detrimental to particular operators in the industry. 
A higher tax burden on NN could negatively impact both the ability of the Issuer to make payments to 
Noteholders and the ability of the Issuer’s subsidiaries to make direct and indirect distributions to the Issuer, 
which may in turn adversely impact the ability of the Issuer to make payments to Noteholders. Similarly, the 
design of certain of NN’s products is predicated on tax legislation valid at that time and these products may be 
attractive to customers because they afford certain tax benefits, for example, the ability to deduct under certain 
conditions their payments from their taxable income. Future changes in tax legislation or its interpretation or 
changes in tax rates may, when applied to these products, have a material adverse effect on policyholder returns 
and NN’s customers’ demand for these products, including insurance, pensions, investment management and 
banking products. Specifically, in Japan, the Japanese National Tax Agency (NTA) notified the insurance 
industry in the first quarter of 2019 that it will revise the regulations for the tax deductibility of certain SME 
Life insurance products for SME-owners. In line with the industry, NN Life Japan has suspended sales of these 
SME Life insurance products. NN Life Japan expects that the revised regulations will lead to changes in the 
product offerings in the SME Life insurance market, including lower SME Life insurance sales in the near term.  
Moreover, changes in governmental policy, such as in relation to government subsidised pension plans, or 
changes in local tax or legal regulations, such as changes in taxation of certain life and health insurance 
products, may affect NN’s clients’ ability or willingness to do business with NN and may thus adversely affect 
demand of NN’s insurance products or result in increased surrenders of certain of NN’s in-force life insurance

--- Page 42 ---
39 
 
policies. 
Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, results of 
operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. 
F. Operational Risks 
NN is subject to operational risks, which can originate from inadequate or failed internal NN processes 
and systems, the conduct of NN personnel and third parties, and from external events that are beyond 
NN’s control. NN’s policies and procedures may be inadequate, or may otherwise not be fully effective. 
Should operational risks occur, they may have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, 
results of operations, solvency and financial condition. 
NN is subject to operational risks, which risks can originate from inadequate or failed internal NN processes 
and systems, the conduct of NN personnel and third parties (including intermediaries, tied agents and other 
persons engaged by NN to sell and distribute its products and to provide other services to NN), and from external 
events that are beyond NN’s control. NN’s internal processes and systems may be inadequate or may otherwise 
fail to be fully effective due to the failure by NN personnel and third parties (including intermediaries, tied 
agents and other persons engaged by NN to sell and distribute its products and to provide other services to NN) 
to comply with internal business policies or guidelines, and (unintentional) human error (including during 
transaction processing), which may result in, among others: the incorrect or incomplete storage of files, data 
and important information (including confidential customer information); inadequate documentation of 
contracts; mistakes in the settlement of claims (for instance, where a claim is incorrectly assessed as valid, or 
where the insured receives an amount in excess of that to which the insured is entitled under the relevant 
contract), and failures in the monitoring of the credit status of debtors. Potential instability in NN’s operating 
environment due to the invasion of Ukraine by Russia in 2022 and a potential further escalation thereof, may 
increase operational risk, for example for NN’s operations in countries neighbouring Ukraine. 
NN has developed policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage operational risks, and will continue 
to do so in the future. However, these policies and procedures may be inadequate, or may otherwise not be fully 
effective. Moreover, NN’s geographical spread, as well as its decentralised governance and risk management 
structure, may lead to increased operational risks as the effectiveness of its risk management policies and 
procedures may be reduced for those business units that are situated far from the centralised risk management 
in the Netherlands. 
If any of these operational risks were to occur, it could result in, amongst others, additional or increased costs, 
errors, fraud, violations of law, investigations and sanctions by regulatory and other supervisory authorities, 
claims by customers, customer groups and customer protection bodies, loss of existing customers, loss of 
potential customers and sales, loss of receivables and harm NN’s reputation, any of which, alone or in the 
aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, results of operations, solvency and 
financial condition. 
The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters may endanger the continuity of NN’s business 
operations and the security of NN’s employees, which may have a material adverse effect on NN’s 
business, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. 
NN is exposed to various risks arising from natural disasters (including hurricanes, floods, fires, earthquakes, 
including earthquakes in Tokyo, Japan, and pandemic diseases), as well as man-made disasters and core 
infrastructure failures (including acts of terrorism, war, military actions and power grid and telephone/internet 
infrastructure failures). These natural and man-made disasters may endanger the continuity of NN’s business 
operations and the security of NN’s employees, and may adversely affect NN’s business, results of operations, 
solvency and financial condition by causing, among other things:

--- Page 43 ---
40 
 
 
disruptions of NN’s normal business operations due to property damage, loss of life or disruption of 
public and private infrastructure, including information technology and communications services, and 
financial services; 
 
financial and income losses could impact certain industries which might lead to defaults on premium 
payments; 
 
losses in NN’s investment portfolio due to significant volatility in global financial markets or the failure 
of counterparties to perform; and 
 
changes in the rates of mortality, longevity and morbidity, claims, premium holidays, withdrawals, lapses 
and surrenders of existing policies and contracts, as well as sales of new policies and contracts. 
NN’s business continuity and crisis management plan or its insurance coverage may not be effective in 
mitigating the negative impact on operations or profitability in the event of a natural or man-made disaster or 
core infrastructure failure. The business continuity and crisis management plans of NN’s distributors and other 
third party vendors, on whom NN relies for certain distribution and other services and products, may also not 
be effective in mitigating any negative impact on the provision of such services and products in the event of 
such a disaster or failure. Claims resulting from such a disaster or failure could also materially harm the solvency 
and financial condition of NN’s reinsurers, which would increase the probability of default on reinsurance 
recoveries and could also limit NN’s ability to write new business. 
The loss of key personnel, and the failure to attract and retain key personnel with appropriate 
qualifications and experience, could have a material adverse effect on NN’s business and impair its ability 
to implement its business strategy. 
NN’s success depends in large part on its ability to attract and retain key personnel with appropriate knowledge 
and skills, particularly financial, investment, IT, risk management, underwriting, actuarial, Solvency II and 
other specialist skills and experience. Competition for senior managers as well as personnel with these skills is 
intense among insurance companies and other financial institutions, and NN may incur significant costs to 
attract and retain such personnel or may fail to do so. While NN does not believe that the departure of any 
particular individual would cause a material adverse effect on its operations, the unexpected loss of several 
members of NN’s senior management or other key personnel could have a material adverse effect on its 
operations due to the loss of their skills, knowledge of NN’s business and their years of industry experience, as 
well as the potential difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. 
Any failure by NN to attract or retain qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
revenues, results of operations, solvency and financial condition. 
NN is exposed to the risk of fraud and other misconduct or unauthorised activities by NN personnel, 
distributors, customers and other third parties. The occurrence of fraud and other misconduct and 
unauthorised activities could result in losses and harm NN’s reputation, and may have a material adverse 
effect on NN’s business, revenues, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. 
NN is exposed to the risk of fraud and other misconduct or unauthorised activities by NN personnel, distributors, 
customers and other third parties. Fraud typically occurs when these persons deliberately abuse NN’s 
procedures, systems, assets, products or services, and includes policy fraud (where fraudulent misstatements of 
fact are made in applications for insurance products by customers), sales fraud (where, for instance, 
intermediaries design commission schemes that are not for bona fide customers, or are written for non-existent 
customers, in order to collect commissions that are typically payable in the first year of the contract, after which 
the policy is allowed to lapse), fraud in relation to loans (where, for instance, customers file falsified documents 
in order to get a (mortgage or consumer) loan or payments from a construction depot, claims fraud (where 
fraudulent misstatements of fact are made in an effort to make claims under existing policies), fraud in relation

--- Page 44 ---
41 
 
to payment execution (where payments of policy benefits are fraudulently routed to bank accounts other than 
those of the relevant beneficiary) and, in the case of NN Bank, forgery and other types of bank fraud. The 
occurrence of fraud and other misconduct and unauthorised activities could result in losses, increased costs, 
violations of law, investigations and sanctions by regulatory and other supervisory authorities, claims by 
customers, customer groups and customer protection bodies, loss of potential and existing customers, loss of 
receivables and harm to NN’s reputation, any of which, alone or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse 
effect on NN’s business, revenues, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. 
Interruption or other operational failures in telecommunication, IT and other operational systems, or a 
failure to maintain the security, integrity, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data in those systems, 
including as a result of human error, could have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, 
availability of data, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. 
NN is highly dependent on automated and IT systems to adequately secure confidential and business 
information, and to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information and data. 
NN could experience a failure of these systems, its employees could fail to monitor and implement 
enhancements or other modifications to a system in a timely and effective manner, or its employees could fail 
to complete all necessary data reconciliation or other conversion controls when implementing a new software 
system or implementing modifications to an existing system. Furthermore, NN relies on third party suppliers to 
provide certain critical information technology and telecommunication services to NN and its customers. For 
instance, in the Netherlands a significant part of NN’s IT infrastructure is provided by a third party supplier. 
The failure of any one of these systems, or the failure of a third party supplier to meet its obligations, for any 
reason, or errors made by NN’s employees or the third party supplier, could in each case cause significant 
interruptions to NN’s operations, harm NN’s reputation, adversely affect its internal control over financial 
reporting and have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, results of operations, solvency, financial 
condition and prospects. 
NN retains confidential information in its IT systems, and relies on industry standard commercial technologies 
to maintain the security of those systems. Anyone who is able to circumvent NN’s security measures and 
penetrate its IT systems could access, view, misappropriate, alter or delete information in the systems, including 
personally identifiable customer information and proprietary business information. Information security risks 
also exist with respect to the use of portable electronic devices, such as laptops and smartphones, which are 
particularly vulnerable to loss and theft. In addition, the laws of an increasing number of jurisdictions require 
that customers be notified if a security breach results in the disclosure of personally identifiable customer 
information.  
Since 1 January 2016, NN is required to notify certain data leakages of personal data to the Dutch Data 
Protection Authority (“AP”) within 72 hours after becoming aware of the leakage. The same rule applies now 
pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679). Failure to do so may result in 
substantial regulatory fines, including fines up to EUR 10 million or 2 per cent. of the annual worldwide turn 
over of NN.  
Any compromise of the security of NN’s IT systems that results in unauthorised disclosure or use of personally 
identifiable customer information could harm NN’s reputation, deter purchases of its products, subject NN to 
heightened regulatory scrutiny, substantial regulatory fines or significant civil and criminal liability, and require 
that NN incur significant technical, legal and other expenses, each of which could have a material adverse effect 
on NN’s business, revenues, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects. 
NN is dependent in part on the continued performance, accuracy, compliance and security of third party 
service providers who provide certain critical operational support functions to NN. Inadequate 
performance by these service providers could result in reputational harm and increased costs, which

--- Page 45 ---
42 
 
could have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, results of operations and prospects. 
NN has outsourced certain critical operational support functions to third party service providers. NN is 
dependent in part on the continued performance, quality of customer service, accuracy, compliance and security 
of these service providers. If the contractual arrangements with any third party service providers are terminated, 
NN may not find an alternative provider of the services, on a timely basis, on equivalent terms or at all. Many 
of these service providers have access to confidential customer information, and any unauthorised disclosure 
or other mishandling of that confidential customer information could result in adverse publicity, reputational 
harm, deter purchases of NN products, subject NN to heightened regulatory scrutiny, substantial regulatory 
fines or significant civil and criminal liability, and require that NN incur significant legal and other expenses. 
Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on NN’s business, revenues, results of operations, 
solvency and prospects. 
G. Financial Reporting Risks 
Changes in accounting standards or policies, or NN’s financial metrics, including as a result of choices 
made by NN, could adversely impact NN’s reported results of operations and its reported solvency and 
financial condition. 
NN’s consolidated annual accounts are subject to the application of IFRS, which is periodically revised or 
expanded. Accordingly, from time to time NN is required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued 
by recognised authoritative bodies, including the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). It is 
possible that future accounting standards which NN is required to adopt, could change the current accounting 
treatment that applies to its consolidated annual accounts and that such changes could have a material adverse 
effect on NN’s results of operations, solvency and financial condition. 
IFRS 17 ‘Insurance Contracts’ was issued in May 2017 and a revised version was issued in June 2020. IFRS 17 
covers the recognition and measurement, presentation and disclosure of insurance contracts and replaces the 
current IFRS 4. IFRS 17 will fundamentally change the accounting for insurance liabilities and DAC for all 
insurance companies, including the Issuer and its subsidiaries. IFRS 17 is effective as of 1 January 2023. 
The Issuer’s accounting policies for insurance liabilities and DAC under IFRS 4 that were applied until 2022 
are largely based on the pre-IFRS accounting policies in the relevant local jurisdictions. IFRS 17 provides a 
comprehensive model (the general model) for insurance contracts, supplemented by the variable fee approach 
for contracts with direct participation features that are substantially investment-related service contracts and the 
premium allocation approach mainly for short-duration contracts (typically certain non-life insurance 
contracts). 
The main features of IFRS 17 are:  
 
Measurement of the insurance liabilities in the balance sheet at current fulfilment value, being the sum 
of the present value of future cash flows and a risk adjustment;  
 
Remeasurement of the current fulfilment value every reporting period using current assumptions and 
discount rates;  
 
A Contractual Service Margin (CSM) recognised in the balance sheet that is equal to the unearned profit 
in the insurance contract at issue and is subsequently recognised as result in the profit and loss account 
over the remaining life of the portfolio;  
 
Certain changes in the insurance liability are adjusted against the CSM and thereby recognised in the 
profit and loss account over the remaining life of the portfolio;  
 
The effect of changes in discount rates is recognised either in the profit and loss account or in equity

--- Page 46 ---
43 
 
(OCI); and 
 
The presentation of the profit and loss account and the disclosures in the section “Notes to the 
Consolidated annual accounts” of the annual report will change fundamentally. 
IFRS 17 is implemented retrospectively with amendment of comparative figures. However, several 
simplifications may be used on transition. 
IFRS 9 ‘Financial Instruments’ was issued by the IASB in July 2014. IFRS 9 replaces most of the current IAS 
39 ‘Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement’, and includes requirements for classification and 
measurement of financial assets and liabilities, impairment of financial assets and hedge accounting.  
The classification and measurement of financial assets under IFRS 9 depends on the Issuer’s business model 
and the instrument’s contractual cash flow characteristics. These may result in financial assets being recognised 
at amortised cost, at fair value through other comprehensive income (equity) or at fair value through profit or 
loss. In many instances, the classification and measurement under IFRS 9 is similar to IAS 39, although changes 
in classification and measurement occur. The classification of financial liabilities remains unchanged. 
The recognition and measurement of impairments under IFRS 9 is intended to be more forward-looking than 
under IAS 39. The new impairment requirements apply to all financial assets measured at amortised cost and 
at fair value through other comprehensive income (equity). Initially, a provision is required for expected credit 
losses resulting from default events that are expected within the next twelve months. In the event of a significant 
increase in credit risk, a provision is required for expected credit losses resulting from all possible default events 
over the expected life of the financial assets. 
The hedge accounting requirements of IFRS 9 aim to simplify hedge accounting. The Issuer applies the option 
to continue applying IAS 39 for hedge accounting. 
IFRS 9 is effective as of 2018. However, in September 2016 the IASB issued an amendment to IFRS 4 
‘Insurance Contracts’ (the "Amendment"). This Amendment addresses the issue arising from the different 
effective dates of IFRS 9 and the new standard on accounting for insurance contracts (IFRS 17). The 
Amendment allows applying a temporary exemption from implementing IFRS 9. This exemption is only 
available to entities whose activities are predominantly connected with insurance (measured at a 31 December 
2015 reference date). The Issuer’s activities are predominantly connected with insurance as defined in this 
Amendment and, therefore, the Issuer qualifies for this deferred effective date of IFRS 9. The Issuer applies the 
temporary exemption and, therefore, the Issuer implemented IFRS 9 in 2023 together with IFRS 17. 
The implementation of IFRS 9 and IFRS 17 results in significant changes to the Issuer’s accounting policies 
and may have a significant impact on shareholders’ equity, net result, presentation and disclosure. Disclosures 
on the impact of the transition to IFRS 9 and IFRS 17 at 1 January 2022 are included in Note 1 ‘Accounting 
policies’ in the 2022 Financial Statements of the Issuer. 
NN may also choose to change the calculation methods, definitions, presentation or other elements of its 
reported financial metrics, or make other choices permitted under IFRS regarding the presentation of its reported 
results of operations and reported financial condition. Further changes in accounting standards or policies, or 
NN’s financial metrics, including as a result of choices made by NN, could have a material adverse effect on 
NN’s reported results of operations and its reported solvency and financial condition. 
NN’s technical provisions reflected in its IFRS annual accounts to pay insurance and other claims, now 
and in the future, could prove inadequate, which could require that NN strengthen its provisions, which 
may have a material adverse effect on NN’s results of operations, solvency and financial condition. 
For NN’s traditional life insurance business, the reserving assumptions for technical provisions that are applied

--- Page 47 ---
44 
 
under IFRS 4 in the 2022 Financial Statements of the Issuer are locked in when the policy is issued or, in case 
of businesses acquired in an acquisition, when the relevant acquisition is completed. For other business, 
including variable annuity business, regular updates in assumptions are made. The reserving assumptions for 
the non-life insurance business are periodically updated for recent experience, information and insights into 
claims developments, which creates volatility in results of operations. Insurance companies are required under 
IFRS 4 to test the adequacy of their provisions at each IFRS reporting date by executing the reserve adequacy 
test. There are differences in the manner, methodology, models and assumptions used by insurance companies 
in calculating the reserve adequacy test. The reserve adequacy test applied by NN in the 2022 Annual Report is 
based on management best estimates of future developments of markets, insurance claims and expenses. At 31 
December 2022, the aggregate provisions are adequate. There can be no assurance that the provisions will 
remain adequate in the future and that no additional charges to the income statement will be necessary. 
Furthermore, one or more of the assumptions underlying the reserve adequacy test of NN could prove to be 
incorrect. 
Under the accounting policies applied in the 2022 Financial Statements, if the reserve adequacy test shows that 
current technical provisions are not adequate, NN must strengthen its technical provisions in order to reach the 
respective adequacy levels. As of 2023, the Issuer applies the new accounting requirements of IFRS 17, under 
which reserving assumptions are updated every period and a reserve adequacy test is no longer applicable. A 
description of the accounting policies that will be applied as of 2023 and the main impact thereof is included in 
Note 1 ‘Accounting policies’ of the 2022 Financial Statements. 
In addition to its technical provisions for insurance liabilities, NN's IFRS provisions include provisions for other 
claims. For example, the Issuer has established provisions in connection with certain legal proceedings included 
in the disclosure “Description of the Issuer - Legal Proceedings” and potential claims in relation to two UK-
incorporated insurance company subsidiaries of the Issuer OIC Run-Off Limited (formerly called The Orion 
Insurance Company plc) (“Orion”) and its subsidiary, London and Overseas Insurance Company Limited 
(formerly called The London and Overseas Insurance Company PLC) (“L&O”) which both ceased writing new 
business in 1992. Since 1994 Orion and L&O have been managed by two court appointed individuals not 
affiliated with NN, initially as joint provisional liquidators and from 1997, when a scheme of arrangement 
became effective (“the Original Scheme of Arrangement”), as joint scheme administrators (“the Joint Scheme 
Administrators”). The Original Scheme of Arrangement, which required an approval of a majority in number 
representing at least three quarters in value of the creditors of each class voting in person or by proxy, became 
effective in 1997. Pursuant to an agreement between NN, Nationale-Nederlanden Internationale 
Schadeverzekering N.V. (“NNIS”), Nationale-Nederlanden Overseas Finance and Investment Company 
(“NNOFIC”) and the Institute of London Underwriters (the “ILU”), NN and NNIS agreed to procure a letter of 
credit in favour of the ILU as to liabilities of Orion and/or L&O in respect of any or all contracts of insurance 
or reinsurance evidenced by policies signed and issued by the ILU (i) on behalf of Orion with inception dates 
on or after 28 August 1970 and/or (ii) on behalf of L&O with inception dates on or after 20 March 1969 
(qualifying ILU policies) (the “1996 Agreement”). At the time of the provisional liquidation of Orion and L&O, 
the legal predecessor of the Issuer (INGV) and NNIS procured NNOFIC to enter into a claims payment loan 
agreement (“CPLA”) in 1995 under which the ILU could request certain funds under a facility granted by 
NNOFIC to Orion and L&O for the payment to qualifying ILU policyholders of claims meeting certain 
conditions under qualifying ILU policies for which both of Orion and L&O or either one of them were in 
default. The CPLA was superseded by a subsequent claims payment loan agreement (“CPLA 2”) entered into 
in 1996 (but claims under the letter of credit remain suspended for so long as the 1996 Agreement remained in 
operation). In September 2015, the Issuer, NNOFIC and the ILU entered into a, in terms substantially similar, 
new agreement replacing the earlier agreement through which INGV and NNIS guarantees were discharged.  
An Amending Scheme of Arrangement, which was prepared by the Joint Scheme Administrators in consultation 
with NN and certain other stakeholders such as the ILU, and which became effective in 2016, established a cut-

--- Page 48 ---
45 
 
off point in respect of claims under policies issued by Orion and L&O (subject to a right of opt-out for qualifying 
ILU policyholders). CPLA 2 has been amended to take account of the Amending Scheme of Arrangement. The 
implementation of the Amending Scheme of Arrangement is progressing and in the meantime a series of top up 
and – where appropriate – premium payments have been made to qualifying ILU policyholders (approximately 
US$ 27 million per December 2022). 
Opt out qualifying ILU policyholders and certain qualifying ILU policyholders and individuals claiming under 
such qualifying ILU policies have the right to report known or potential claims until 31 December 2035. 
Payment of their valid claims will continue thereafter as long as required until finally settled.  
NNOFIC's balance sheet includes a provision reflecting the expected potential net expenditure in respect of the 
qualifying ILU policyholders under CPLA 2. This provision reflects that the Amending Scheme of Arrangement 
has become effective. NNOFIC made capital repayments to the Issuer in the first, third and fourth quarter of 
2017 as well as in the fourth quarter of 2018, 2019 and 2020 (with an aggregate amount of EUR 130.3 million).  
If NNOFIC’s technical or other provisions prove inadequate, NN may be required to strengthen its provisions, 
which may have a material adverse effect on NN’s results of operations, insolvency and financial condition. 
Defects and errors in NN’s processes, systems and reporting may cause internal and external 
miscommunication (including incorrect public disclosure), wrong decisions and wrong reporting to 
customers. Should they occur, such events could harm NN’s reputation and could have a material adverse 
effect on NN’s business, revenues, results of operations, insolvency and financial condition. 
Defects and errors in NN’s financial processes, systems and reporting, including both human and technical 
errors, could result in a late delivery of internal and external reports, or reports with insufficient or inaccurate 
information. Moreover, in recent years the frequency, quality, volume and complexity of the type of financial 
information that must be processed by NN’s financial reporting systems has increased, in part due to more 
onerous legal and regulatory requirements. For instance, new reporting metrics are less mature and significantly 
more complex than the financial information NN’s financial reporting systems processed in the past, and require 
a higher level of skill by NN’s personnel. 
Defects and errors in NN’s financial processes, systems and reporting could lead to wrong decisions in respect 
of, for instance, product pricing and hedge decisions which could materially adversely affect its results of 
operations. In addition, misinforming customers and investors could lead to substantial claims and regulatory 
fines, increased regulatory scrutiny, reputational harm and increased administrative costs to remedy errors. In 
the event any such defects and errors occur, this could harm NN’s reputation and could materially adversely 
affect NN’s business, revenues, results of operations, insolvency and financial condition. 
Pillar Two may result in a higher tax burden for the Group which could have a negative effect on the Group’s 
solvency and financial condition. 
Pillar Two is an initiative by the OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework which introduces a minimum level of 
taxation for multinationals with annual consolidated revenue of EUR 750 million or more in at least two out of 
the four fiscal years immediately preceding the tested fiscal year. The aim of Pillar Two is to ensure that large 
multinational enterprise groups are subject to a minimum effective tax rate of 15% in each jurisdiction where 
they operate.   
The Council of the European Union (the “EU”) formally adopted Council Directive (EU) 2022/2523 (the “Pillar 
Two Directive”). The Pillar Two Directive was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 22 
December 2022.  EU Member States need to implement the Pillar Two Directive in their national laws by 31 
December 2023. On 24 October 2022, the Dutch legislator already published a draft legislative proposal for the 
implementation of Pillar Two and the Dutch legislator is preparing a final legislative proposal, which will be 
submitted to the Dutch parliament.

--- Page 49 ---
46 
 
The primary mechanism for implementation of Pillar Two will be an income inclusion rule (the “IIR”) pursuant 
to which a top-up tax is payable by a parent entity of a group if one or more constituent members of the group 
have been undertaxed. In the situation that no IIR applies at the ultimate parent entity level, a lower level parent 
entity may be required to apply the IIR. A secondary fall back is provided by an undertaxed payment rule (the 
“UTPR”) in case the IIR has not been applied. The UTPR can be applied by (i) limiting or denying a deduction 
or (ii) making an adjustment in the form of an additional tax. In the draft legislative proposal of 24 October 
2022 the Netherlands opted for option (ii) i.e. to make an adjustment in the form of an additional tax. In addition, 
and in line with the Pillar Two Directive, the draft legislative proposal of 24 October 2022 also includes a 
qualified domestic minimum top-up tax (the “QDMTT”). A jurisdiction that incorporates the QDMTT becomes 
the first in line to levy any top-up tax from entities located in its jurisdiction. It must compute profits and 
calculate any top-up tax due in the same way as the Pillar Two rules. Without a QDMTT, another jurisdiction 
as determined by the Pillar Two rules would be entitled to levy the top-up tax.  
The implementation of Pillar Two could result in a higher tax burden for the Group which could have a negative 
effect on the Group’s solvency and financial condition. As a result, the Group is closely monitoring the 
legislative and regulatory developments and is actively planning for implementation through the adaptation of 
its internal processes and systems on the short term. 
RISK FACTORS CONCERNING THE NOTES  
A. Risks related to the structure of an issuance of Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and investors may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves 
a similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, it may make such redemption subject to 
conditions precedent, which makes an announced redemption uncertain 
In the case of Notes where Issuer Call or Issuer Make-Whole Call is specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms, redemption of such Notes may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, 
in which case the notice of redemption shall state the applicable condition(s) precedent and that, in the Issuer's 
discretion, the Optional Redemption Date or the Make-Whole Redemption Date, as applicable, may be delayed 
until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or 
such redemption may not occur in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or 
waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date or the Make-Whole Redemption 
Date, as applicable, or by such dates so delayed. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes that may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate 
will affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert

--- Page 50 ---
47 
 
the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at 
any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, 
the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the relevant Notes. 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their yield to maturity on Floating Rate Notes. 
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes on the one hand, and Fixed Rate Notes, on the other hand, is that 
interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not 
able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on 
investment cannot be compared with that of investments having fixed interest periods. If the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment 
risk if market interest rates decline, because investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the 
relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”)) are the subject of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some 
of these reforms are already effective, including the EU Benchmarks Regulation, whilst others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear 
entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark. 
Under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, which applies from 1 January 2018 in general, new requirements apply 
with respect to the provision of a wide range of benchmarks (including EURIBOR), the contribution of input 
data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the European Union. In particular, the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with 
extensive requirements in relation to the administration of benchmarks and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU-
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The UK Benchmarks Regulation among other things, applies to 
the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by 
UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority (“FCA”) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised 
or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products

--- Page 51 ---
48 
 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing 
to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the 
euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have the following currently known effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the 
above changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have 
a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent 
(in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
Finally, any significant change to the setting or existence of EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate 
benchmark could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and could have a material 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes. 
Future discontinuance of EURIBOR and any other benchmark may adversely affect the value of Notes 
which reference EURIBOR or such other benchmark. 
Investors should be aware that, if EURIBOR or any other benchmark were unavailable, the rate of interest on 
Notes which reference EURIBOR or any other benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the 
fallback provisions set out in Condition 4(c)(iii)(D) applicable to such Notes. If the Calculation Agent or the 
Issuer determines at any time prior to, on or following any Interest Determination Date, that the relevant 
Reference Rate (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) has been discontinued, the Issuer will, as soon as 
reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant Interest Determination Date) appoint a Rate 
Determination Agent (as defined in Condition 4(c)(iii)(D) and which may be the Issuer itself) which will 
determine in its sole discretion, acting in good faith, a substitute or successor rate, as well as any necessary 
changes to the business day convention, the definition of business day, the interest determination date, the day 
count fraction and any method for calculating the Replacement Reference Rate (as defined in Condition 
4(c)(iii)(D)), including any adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement Reference Rate comparable to 
the relevant Reference Rate. Pursuant to the applicable fall-back provisions contained in Condition 4(c)(iii)(D), 
the Issuer will have the discretion to appoint the Rate Determination Agent, which may lead to a conflict of 
interests of the Issuer (being responsible for the compensation of the Rate Determination Agent), the Rate 
Determination Agent and Noteholders including with respect to certain determinations and judgments that the 
Rate Determination Agent may make pursuant to Condition 4 that may influence the amount receivable under 
the Notes. The Rate Determination Agent and the Issuer might have conflicts of interests that could have an 
adverse effect on the interests of the Noteholders as the Rate Determination Agent has discretionary power in 
deciding the Rate of Interest in accordance with the fall-back provisions. Potential investors should be aware 
that the Issuer may be involved in general business relationship or/and in specific transactions with the Rate 
Determination Agent as the latter party will be an appropriate office of leading bank who may hold from time 
to time debt securities, shares or/and other financial instruments of the Issuer. Consequently, the Issuer and the 
Rate Determination Agent might have conflicts of interests that could have an adverse effect to the interests of 
the Noteholders in respect of the determination of the interest rate as a result of a benchmark and/or replacement 
of amendment of a benchmark. 
The Rate Determination Agent may be considered an ‘administrator’ under the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. This is the case if it is considered to be in control over 
the provision of the Replacement Reference Rate and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of the 
Replacement Reference Rate and any adjustments made thereto by the Rate Determination Agent and/or

--- Page 52 ---
49 
 
otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context of a fallback scenario. This would mean 
that the Rate Determination Agent (i) administers the arrangements for determining such rate, (ii) collects, 
analyses, or processes input data for the purposes of determining such rate and (iii) determines such rate through 
the application of a method of calculation or by an assessment of input data for that purpose. Furthermore, for 
the Rate Determination Agent to be considered an ‘administrator’ under the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, the Replacement Reference Rate and/or the determined rate of 
interest on the basis of the Replacement Reference Rate and any adjustments made thereto by the Rate 
Determination Agent and/or otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context of a fallback 
scenario should be a benchmark (index) within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. This may be the case if the Replacement Reference Rate and/or the 
determined rate of interest on the basis of the Replacement Reference Rate and any adjustments made thereto 
by the Rate Determination Agent and/or otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context 
of a fallback scenario, is published or made available to the public and regularly determined by the application 
of a method of calculation or by an assessment, and on the basis of certain values or surveys. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable stipulates that each 
administrator of a benchmark regulated thereunder or the benchmark itself must be registered, authorised, 
recognised or endorsed, as applicable, in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. There is a risk that administrators (which may include the Rate 
Determination Agent (which may be the Issuer) in the circumstances as described above) of certain benchmarks 
will fail to obtain such registration, authorisation, recognition or endorsement, preventing them from continuing 
to provide such benchmarks, or may otherwise choose to discontinue or no longer provide such benchmark. 
The European Money Markets Institute are registered as an administrator of a benchmark in accordance with 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation.  
The Replacement Reference Rate will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding, and will apply to 
the relevant Notes without any requirement that the Issuer obtains consent of any Noteholders. If the Rate 
Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a Replacement Reference Rate under 
Condition 4(c)(iii)(D), this could result under Conditions 4(b), 4(c)(iii)(A),(B) or (D) in the effective application 
of a fixed rate to what was previously a Floating Rate Note, Floating Rate Subordinated Note or Fixed Rate 
Reset Subordinated Note based on the rate which applied in the previous period when the relevant Reference 
Rate was available (as stated in the Final Terms in respect of a series of Notes). This may lead to a conflict 
between the interests of the Issuer (being responsible for the compensation of the Rate Determination Agent) 
and the Noteholders. Changes to the Replacement Reference Rate could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility or the level of the published rate or level of the 
"benchmark". 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and substitute reference rates 
and the involvement of a Rate Determination Agent (as defined in Condition 4(c)(iii)(D)), the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. In addition, the Replacement Reference Rate may 
perform differently from the discontinued benchmark.  
Finally, no Replacement Reference Rate will be adopted and no other amendment to the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes will be made, if and to the extent that in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to impact upon the eligibility of the Subordinated Notes for eligibility as Tier 2 Notes 
or Tier 3 Notes, as the case may be. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to changes in 
market interest rates.

--- Page 53 ---
50 
 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Furthermore, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Such volatility could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Actions taken by the Calculation Agent may affect the value of Notes. 
The Calculation Agent for an issue of Notes is the agent of the Issuer and not the agent of the holders of the Notes. 
The Calculation Agent is not acting as a fiduciary to any holders of Notes. The Calculation Agent will make such 
determinations and adjustments as it deems appropriate, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the specific 
issue of Notes. In making its determinations and adjustments, the Calculation Agent will be entitled to exercise 
substantial discretion and may be subject to conflicts of interest in exercising this discretion that may influence the 
amout receivable under the Notes. 
Potential conflicts of interest. 
Where the Issuer acts as Calculation Agent or Rate Determination Agent, or the Calculation Agent or Rate 
Determination Agent is an affiliate of the Issuer, potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation 
Agent or Rate Determination Agent and Noteholders, including with respect to certain determinations and 
judgements that the Calculation Agent or Rate Determination Agent may make pursuant to the Notes that may 
influence the amount receivable or specified assets deliverable on redemption of the Notes. The Issuer and/or 
any of its affiliates may have existing or future business relationships and will pursue actions and take steps 
that they or it deems necessary or appropriate to protect their and/or its interests arising therefrom without 
regard to the consequences for a Noteholder. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green, Social or Sustainability Bond, 
there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will meet investor expectations or are suitable for an 
investor’s investment criteria.  
The Final Terms relating to any specific Series of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to 
allocate an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes to Eligible Green Assets and/or 
Eligible Social Assets (each as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section) under the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond 
Framework (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section). The Issuer's Sustainability Bond Framework may be 
amended at any time without the consent of Noteholders. The Issuer will not have any obligation to notify 
Noteholders of any such amendments. Prospective investors should have regard to the Sustainability Bond 
Framework 
available 
at 
https://www.nn-group.com/investors/nn-group-debt-credit-ratings/sustainable-
bonds.htm and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any 
investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary.  
In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer or any Dealer that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible 
Green Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements with regard to any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments is required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to 
any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any investments, projects or uses, the 
subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets. 
There is currently no clearly defined legal, regulatory or other definition of a “sustainable note” or market 
consensus as to what attributes are required for a particular asset or project to be classified as ‘green’, 
‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or any similar label, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear

--- Page 54 ---
51 
 
definition or consensus will develop over time. A basis for the determination of such a definition has been 
established in the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “EU Taxonomy Regulation”) on 
the establishment of a list of ‘environmentally sustainable’ economic activities, aimed to facilitating sustainable 
investment (the “EU Taxonomy”). For an economic activity to be recognized as ‘environmentally sustainable”, 
it should meet the technical screening criteria as defined in the EU Taxonomy.  
The EU Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the European 
Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set 
out in the EU Taxonomy Regulation. Furthermore, a proposal for a regulation to create a “European Green 
Bond Standard” was published by the European Commission on 6 July 2021 (the “European Green Bond 
Standard Proposal”). Although provisional political agreement has been reached in February 2023 on the 
legislative proposal for a European Green Bond Standard, the impact which the European Green Bond Standard, 
if and when implemented, may have on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds (such 
as any Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds) that do not meet such standard is not clear at this stage. It could 
reduce demand and liquidity for “Green Bonds” and their price. Furthermore, as at the date of this Prospectus, 
a formal verification regime has not yet been set up for the accreditation of external verifiers to assess alignment 
of green bond frameworks with the EU Taxonomy or the European Green Bond Standard Proposal. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by NN, the Arranger and any Dealer that the Eligible Green Assets 
and/or Eligible Social Assets will meet investor expectations or requirements regarding "green", "social", 
"sustainable" or similar labels (including the EU Taxonomy Regulation or the European Green Bond Standard 
Proposal) or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any investments, projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Assets or 
Eligible Social Assets. 
In connection with an issuance of Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds, the Issuer has appointed Sustainalytics 
B.V. (“Sustainalytics”) to provide a second party opinion (the “SPO”) in relation to Issuer’s Sustainability Bond 
Framework. The SPO aims to provide transparency to investors that seek to understand and act upon potential 
exposure to climate risks and impacts of the Notes issued under the Sustainability Bond Framework. The SPO 
is only an opinion and not a statement of fact. No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or 
reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the SPO which may be made available in connection with the issue of 
the relevant Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds and in particular with any Eligible Green Assets and/or 
Eligible Social Assets to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. The SPO is not, 
nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person to 
buy, sell or hold the Notes. The SPO is only current as at the date that opinion is issued. Prospective investors 
must determine for themselves the relevance of the SPO and/or the information contained therein and/or the 
provider of the SPO for the purpose of any investment in the Notes. Prospective investors should be aware that 
the SPO will not be incorporated into, and will not form part of, this Prospectus or the applicable Final Terms 
which will complement this Prospectus. Currently, the provider of such opinions is not subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. Furthermore, the Noteholders will have no recourse against the provider 
of the SPO. A negative change to, or a withdrawal of, the SPO of the Sustainability Bond Framework may 
affect the value of the Notes and may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest 
in the Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds.  
The Issuer expects that its Sustainability Bond Framework will adhere to the Green Bond Principles, Social 
Bond Principles and Sustainability Bond Guidelines (as applicable) as published by the International Capital 
Markets Association (“ICMA”) on 21 June 2021 (the “ICMA Principles”). While the ICMA Principles do 
provide a high level framework, still there is currently no market consensus on what precise attributes are

--- Page 55 ---
52 
 
required for a particular investment or project to be defined as "green", “social” or "sustainable", and therefore 
no assurance can be provided to potential investors that the green, social or sustainable investments or projects 
to be specified in the applicable Final Terms will meet all investors' expectations regarding sustainability 
performance or continue to meet the relevant eligibility criteria, including any future criteria laid down in the 
European Commission’s proposal for the European Green Bond Standard adopted on 6 July 2021 (the 
“European Green Bond Standard Proposal”). Although applicable investments or projects are expected to be 
selected in accordance with the eligible categories recognised by the ICMA Principles, and are intended to be 
developed in accordance with applicable legislation and standards, there can be no guarantee that adverse 
environmental, social and/or sustainability impacts will not occur during the design, construction, 
commissioning and/or operation of any such green, social or sustainable investments or projects. Where any 
negative impacts are insufficiently mitigated, green, social or sustainable investments or projects may become 
controversial, and/or may be criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer or 
any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply (including pursuant to the “European Green Bond Standard”), whether 
by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability 
or social impact of any investments, projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Assets or 
Eligible Social Assets. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to 
trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or 
assurance given or made by NN, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person that any such listing or admission 
to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to 
trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the relevant 
intended investment(s), project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Assets and/or 
Eligible Social Assets will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in 
accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally disbursed for the 
specified Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets. Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible 
Green Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the 
results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the 
Issuer. The maturity of an Eligible Green Asset or Eligible Social Asset may not match the minimum duration 
of any Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds. There is no connection between the use of proceeds of the Notes 
and the operation of the Conditions, and accordingly the Conditions will operate wholly irrespective of the 
actual use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) by the Issuer. Therefore, any such event or failure by the 
Issuer in respect of the use of proceeds as described above will not (i) give rise to any other claim or right 
(including the right to accelerate the Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds) of a Noteholder of Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bonds to the Issuer, (ii) constitute an Event of Default under the Notes, (iii) lead to an obligation 
of the Issuer to redeem such Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in 
determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bonds, (iv) affect the qualification of such Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds which are also 
Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) as Tier 2 Notes or Tier 3 Notes (as applicable), (v) trigger any deferral 
of interest or principal in the case of Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds which are also Subordinated Notes

--- Page 56 ---
53 
 
(as the case may be) as Tier 2 Notes or Tier 3 Notes (as applicable), (vi) otherwise affect or impede the ability 
of the Group to apply the proceeds of the Notes to cover losses in any part of the Group in accordance with the 
Conditions and the prudential and solvency rules applicable to the Issuer and the Group in the case of Green, 
Social or Sustainability Bonds which are also Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) as Tier 2 Notes or Tier 
3 Notes (as applicable) or (vii) result in any step-up or increased payments of interest, principal or any other 
amounts in respect of the Notes or otherwise affect the Conditions.  
Any such event of failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds as 
aforesaid and/or withdrawal of the SPO attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any 
matters for which the SPO is providing an opinion or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed 
or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse 
effect on the value of such Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds and also potentially the value of any other 
Notes which are intended to be allocated to Eligible Green Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets and/or result in 
adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose. 
Payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the relevant Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds 
shall not depend on the performance of the relevant Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets. Holders of 
Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds do not have any preferred right against such Eligible Green Assets or 
Eligible Social Assets.  
None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes issued under the Programme. 
B. Risks related to Subordinated Notes 
The Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Notes are subordinated. 
The Subordinated Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves and constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. In the event of the 
insolvency (bankruptcy (faillissement) or moratorium (surseance van betaling)), dissolution (ontbinding) or 
liquidation (vereffening) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes, the 
Receipts and the Coupons shall rank in right of payment after unsubordinated and unsecured creditors of the 
Issuer, but pari passu with all subordinated obligations of the Issuer save for those preferred by mandatory 
provisions of law and those that rank or are expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to the Subordinated 
Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons, and in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer. Furthermore, 
by acceptance of the Subordinated Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons, each holder will be deemed to have 
waived any right of set-off or counterclaim that such holder might otherwise have against the Issuer in respect 
of or arising under the Subordinated Notes, Receipts or Coupons, whether prior to or in insolvency, dissolution 
or liquidation of the Issuer. Therefore, although the Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than 
notes which are not subordinated, there is a greater risk that an investor in the Subordinated Notes will lose all 
or some of his investment should the Issuer become insolvent or be dissolved or liquidated. 
An investor in the Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the Issuer’s insolvency.  
 
There is a risk that if the proposed directive on the recovery and resolution of insurance undertakings (proposal 
for a Directive of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a framework for the recovery and 
resolution of insurance and reinsurance undertakings and amending Directives 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 
2009/138/EC, (EU) 2017/1132 and Regulations (EU) No 1094/2010 and (EU) No 648/2012) (the “IRRD”) is 
adopted in its current form, from the date on which any act implementing Article 37 of the draft IRRD becomes 
effective in the Netherlands (the “Amending Act”), instruments which are expressed to rank pari passu with, 
or junior to, the Subordinated Notes and which fully disqualify as own funds, may in the Issuer’s bankruptcy

--- Page 57 ---
54 
 
rank senior to the Subordinated Notes. See also Condition 3, which provides that the ranking of the 
Subordinated Notes is subject to mandatory applicable law, which would include the Amending Act. 
Accordingly, a Subordinated Noteholder may recover less than the holders of unsubordinated or other 
subordinated liabilities (the latter not qualifying as own funds) of the Issuer in the insolvency (bankruptcy 
(faillissement) or moratorium (surseance van betaling)), dissolution (ontbinding) or liquidation (vereffening) of 
the Issuer as after payment of the claims of senior creditors there may not be a sufficient amount to satisfy (all 
of) the amounts owing to the Subordinated Noteholders. Please also refer to risk factor “Risks relating to the 
Dutch Intervention Act, the Dutch R&R Act, the draft IRRD and any future legislation which may result in the 
expropriation, bail-in, write-off, write-down or conversion of the Notes.” below. 
Under conditions, interest payments under the Subordinated Notes must be deferred and in other instances 
interest payments under the Subordinated Notes may be deferred at the option of the Issuer. 
Payments of interest on the Subordinated Notes will be mandatorily deferred on each Interest Payment Date in 
respect of which a Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing. A Mandatory Deferral Event 
occurs if (a) the Solvency Condition is not met or (b) a Capital Adequacy Event has occurred and continues to 
exist and a deferral of interest and/or a suspension of payment of principal, as applicable, is required under the 
Capital Adequacy Regulations for the Subordinated Notes to qualify for the purposes of determination of the 
solvency margin, capital adequacy ratio or comparable margins or ratios of the Issuer, or, where this is 
subdivided in tiers, as tier 2 basic own funds or tier 3 basic own funds, as the case may be, (howsoever described 
at the time), on a consolidated basis, subject to certain exceptions as further described in “Terms and Conditions 
of the Subordinated Notes”. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may defer paying interest on each Optional Interest 
Deferral Date until the Subordinated Notes are redeemed in full, subject to Condition 5(b) of the Subordinated 
Notes. An Optional Interest Deferral Date is any Interest Payment Date other than a Compulsory Interest 
Payment Date or a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date. Deferral of any payment of interest on an Optional Interest 
Deferral Date or Mandatory Interest Deferral Date will not constitute a default by the Issuer and will not give 
the Noteholders any right to accelerate the Subordinated Notes. 
The Issuer is only required to pay interest on the Subordinated Notes on any Compulsory Interest Payment 
Date, which is a date which is not a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date and on which the Solvency Condition is 
satisfied, and in respect of which during the immediately preceding six-month period a Compulsory Interest 
Payment Event has occurred.  
Any Arrears of Interest and any other amount, payment of which is deferred in accordance with Conditions 
5(a)(i) or 5(a)(ii) of the Subordinated Notes, may be paid in whole or in part at any time upon the expiry of not 
less than 14 days' notice to such effect given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 
of the Subordinated Notes, provided that no Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing and any 
notifications to the Relevant Supervisory Authority have been made or consent from the Relevant Supervisory 
Authority has been obtained, as the case may be, in either case if required under the Capital Adequacy 
Regulations. Arrears of Interest will become immediately due and payable in whole (and not in part) upon the 
earliest of the following dates: 
(i) 
the date fixed for any redemption, purchase or substitution, or variation of the terms, of the 
Subordinated Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 6 or Condition 10 of the 
Subordinated Notes; or 
(ii) 
the date on which an order is made or a resolution is passed for the liquidation of the Issuer (other 
than a solvent winding-up solely for the purpose of a reconstruction or amalgamation or the 
substitution in place of the Issuer of a successor in business of the Issuer, the terms of which

--- Page 58 ---
55 
 
reconstruction, amalgamation or substitution (A) have previously been approved in writing by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders and (B) do not provide that the Subordinated Notes 
shall thereby become payable); or 
(iii) 
the date on which a Compulsory Interest Payment Event occurs, provided that no Mandatory 
Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing, 
in the case of paragraph (i) and (iii) above, provided that any notifications to the Relevant Supervisory Authority 
have been made or consent from the Relevant Supervisory Authority has been obtained, as the case may be, in 
either case if required under the Capital Adequacy Regulations. For the avoidance of doubt, Arrears of Interest 
shall not themselves bear interest. 
Any deferral of interest payments (or perceived risk thereof) will likely have an adverse effect on the market 
price of the Subordinated Notes. In addition, as a result of the interest deferral provision of the Subordinated 
Notes being applicable, the market price of the Subordinated Notes may be more volatile than the market prices 
of other debt securities on which original issue discount and/or interest accrual exists that are not subject to 
such deferral provisions. The presence of the interest deferral provisions in the Subordinated Notes may also 
result in the market price of the Subordinated Notes being more sensitive to adverse changes in the Issuer's 
financial condition in general. 
Payments made under some junior or equally ranking instruments will not result in an obligation for the 
Issuer to make payments on the Subordinated Notes.  
The Issuer will only be obliged to pay interest and, subject to other conditions, Arrears of Interest upon the 
occurrence during the immediately preceding six-month period of a Compulsory Interest Payment Event, 
provided that no Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing. A Compulsory Interest Payment 
Event means any declaration, payment or making of a dividend or other distribution by the Issuer to holders of 
any class of the Issuer's share capital and any repurchase by the Issuer of any class of the Issuer's share capital 
for cash (other than shares repurchased or otherwise acquired by the Issuer to reduce its capital (i) in the context 
of its own buy-back programmes, if any, (ii) under any equity derivative hedge structure or transaction, (iii) 
under any hedging of stock options programmes or any other compensation benefit programmes, if any, and 
(iv) in connection with financial restructurings, mergers, acquisitions, split-offs, divestments or like corporate 
transactions). 
Therefore, payments on any instruments ranking pari passu with the Subordinated Notes or junior to the 
Subordinated Notes, other than in some circumstances on the Issuer's share capital, will not result in an 
obligation for the Issuer to pay interest or Arrears of Interest on the Subordinated Notes. 
Potential investors in the Subordinated Notes should therefore realise that holders of instruments ranking junior 
to or pari passu with the Subordinated Notes may receive payments from the Issuer in priority to the 
Noteholders, even though their claims rank junior to or pari passu with those of Noteholders. However, in the 
event of insolvency of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes shall rank 
pari passu with all subordinated obligations of the Issuer save for those preferred by mandatory provisions of 
law and those that rank or are expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to the Subordinated Notes, and 
in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer as more fully described above under the risk factor "The 
Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Notes are subordinated". 
The Subordinated Notes have limited events of default and may be undated securities. 
The Issuer shall only have the right to repay the Subordinated Notes in limited circumstances. Furthermore, if 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Subordinated Notes are undated, perpetual securities in respect 
of which there is no fixed maturity or redemption date. In such instance, the Issuer is under no obligation to 
redeem the Subordinated Notes at any time and the Noteholders have no right to call for their redemption.

--- Page 59 ---
56 
 
Noteholders may only declare Subordinated Notes due and repayable in the case of the liquidation of the Issuer. 
Liquidation may occur as a result of the winding-up of the Issuer (ontbinding en vereffening) or bankruptcy 
(faillissement) of the Issuer or the suspension of payments (surseance van betaling) being applied to the Issuer, 
if that constitutes a liquidation. 
Therefore, prospective investors should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an 
investment in undated Subordinated Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
Redemption of the Subordinated Notes is subject to conditions. 
As long as the Issuer is subject to Capital Adequacy Regulations, any redemption may only be made provided 
no Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing at the time of such redemption and provided no 
Insolvent Insurer Liquidation has occurred and is continuing on the relevant redemption date, and any 
redemption of the Subordinated Notes is subject to the prior consent of the Relevant Supervisory Authority if 
required under the Capital Adequacy Regulations and subject to compliance with the Capital Adequacy 
Regulations. See Condition 6(l) of the Subordinated Notes. 
If such conditions are not met the Issuer is under no obligation to redeem the Subordinated Notes and therefore 
prospective investors should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in 
for a longer period of time than the stated maturity of the Subordinated Notes.  
The Subordinated Notes may be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Subordinated Notes are redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
(subject to prior consent of the Relevant Supervisory Authority if required under the Capital Adequacy 
Regulations) on the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms and/or upon the occurrence of a Tax 
Event, a Capital Disqualification Event or a Rating Methodology Event, at the Early Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms together with any Arrears of Interest and any further interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes. 
A Tax Event will occur if the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 8 of the Subordinated Notes as a result of any Tax Law Change or if as a result of a Tax Law 
Change there is more than an insubstantial risk that the Issuer will not obtain full or substantially full 
deductibility for the purposes of Dutch corporation tax for any payment of interest, and the foregoing cannot 
be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders available 
to it. The Issuer may in connection with a particular Series of Subordinated Notes obtain a ruling of the Dutch 
tax authorities to obtain a confirmation that the Subordinated Notes qualify as debt of the Issuer within the 
meaning of article 10, paragraph 1, letter d, of the Dutch Corporation Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de 
vennootschapsbelasting 1969) under the then current laws and regulations.  
A Capital Disqualification Event will occur if, as a result of any replacement of or change to the Capital 
Adequacy Regulations (or change to the interpretation thereof by any court, the Relevant Supervisory Authority 
or any other authority entitled to do so), the Subordinated Notes cease to be capable of counting for 100% of 
the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes outstanding at such time under the Capital Adequacy 
Regulations for the purposes of the determination of the solvency margin, capital adequacy ratio or comparable 
margins or ratios of the Issuer, or, where this is subdivided in tiers, as at least the category of basic own funds 
(howsoever described at the time) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, of the Issuer.  
A Rating Methodology Event will occur upon a change in the methodology of a Rating Agency (or in the 
interpretation of such methodology) as a result of which the equity content previously assigned by such Rating 
Agency to the Subordinated Notes is, as notified by such Rating Agency to the Issuer or as published by the 
Rating Agency, materially reduced when compared with the equity content assigned by such Rating Agency on 
or around the relevant Issue Date of the Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 60 ---
57 
 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of the events 
mentioned above, the market value of those Subordinated Notes generally will not rise substantially above the 
price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
When the Issuer decides to redeem Subordinated Notes, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Subordinated Notes being redeemed and 
may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in 
light of other investments available at that time. 
Substitution or variation of the Subordinated Notes without Noteholder consent. 
Upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, a Capital Disqualification Event or a Rating Methodology Event, the Issuer 
may, at its option and without consent or approval of the Noteholders, elect to substitute the Subordinated Notes 
for, or vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes so that they remain or become, Qualifying Securities, as 
provided in Condition 6(i) of the Subordinated Notes. In the case of a substitution or variation of the terms of 
the Subordinated Notes, whilst the substituted or modified Subordinated Notes must have terms which are not 
materially less favourable to an investor than the terms of the original Subordinated Notes then prevailing, due 
to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, such substituted or modified Subordinated Notes may not 
be as favourable to each Noteholder in all respects. For risks in relation to substitution of the Issuer, please see 
the risk factor 'The condition of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors'. 
No limitation on issuing debt. 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt which the Issuer may issue which ranks senior to the Subordinated 
Notes or on the amount of securities that the Issuer may issue which ranks pari passu with the Subordinated 
Notes. The issue of any such debt or securities may reduce the amount recoverable by Noteholders on a winding-
up (faillissement or vereffening na ontbinding) of the Issuer and may increase the likelihood of a deferral of 
payments under the Subordinated Notes. 
Risk of adverse impact of regulations, including the Solvency II Directive, on Issuer's regulatory solvency 
condition. 
The Subordinated Notes are expected to qualify as additional solvency margin for capital adequacy regulatory 
purposes pursuant to the Dutch Financial Supervision Act, which implements the provisions the Solvency II 
Directive. The capital adequacy requirements for NN may be subject to regulatory changes and it is not possible 
to foresee what those changes might be and whether they would change the requirements applicable to the 
Subordinated Notes as further described in "NN is required to comply with Solvency II and it is not possible to 
forsee what the (potential) changes resulting from the Solvency II review, if any, will be, and consequently, what 
the impact would be on NN or on the rights of the Noteholders."As of 1 January 2016, the solvency framework 
and prudential regime, known as “Solvency II”, has become applicable to insurance companies, reinsurance 
companies and insurance holding companies. The Issuer may therefore have a redemption right following the 
relevant Issue Date, including as a result of any amendments to the Capital Adequacy Regulations. Furthermore, 
any changes in capital adequacy requirements could result in a higher overall valuation of liabilities or capital 
requirements, or a lower overall recognition of own funds than is currently the case or may currently be 
foreseen. This could result in the occurrence of a Capital Adequacy Event following which a Mandatory 
Deferral Event would occur and then no principal, premium, interest or any other amount would be due and 
payable in respect of or arising from the Subordinated Notes. The occurrence of any such event might impact 
the return on the Subordinated Notes as well as the market price of the Subordinated Notes. 
NN is subject to capital adequacy requirements and breach of these requirements will cause interest 
payments under Subordinated Notes to be deferred and, in other circumstances, interest payments under

--- Page 61 ---
58 
 
Subordinated Notes may be deferred at NN's election. 
Pursuant to Solvency II, NN is required to calculate a solvency ratio (own funds divided by the required 
solvency, the latter referred to as the Group SCR), for the Issuer and its subsidiaries (together, “NN” or “Group”) 
at the level of NN which should be at least equal to 100%. This calculation includes, for insurance and 
reinsurance undertakings in non-EU countries that are deemed (provisionally) equivalent, local capital 
requirements. Undertakings which are part of an insurance group but active in other financial sectors, such as 
banks, are generally taken into account using capital requirements applicable to them specifically. These 
undertakings are included in the calculation of the capital requirements. 
When calculated in accordance with the accounting consolidation method (method 1), the Group SCR should 
be at least equal to the consolidated group solvency capital requirement as referred to in the second 
subparagraph of article 230(2) of the Solvency II Directive (which is composed in particular of the sum of the 
minimum capital requirements of the EU insurance and reinsurance undertakings in the group). When 
calculated in accordance with a combination of method 1 and the deduction and aggregation method (method 
2), the minimum of the Group SCR is at least equal to the minimum consolidated group solvency capital 
requirement as referred to in article 341 of the Solvency II Delegated Regulation. This absolute floor of the 
Group SCR is usually referred as the group minimum capital requirement or Group MCR. The Group MCR 
generally represents a solvency level which is below the Group SCR. 
NN applies its own capital management policies, determining NN’s risk tolerances on the basis of self-imposed 
criteria. Also these policies may result in NN, at its own election and independently from the buffer levels set 
by DNB, if any, maintaining a buffer of own funds in addition to those required by the Group SCR. 
The own funds covering the Group SCR and buffer, as applicable, are divided into three socalled ‘tiers’ and 
‘non-solvency II regulated entities’, depending on the quality of the capital (in particular in terms of 
subordination, ability to absorb losses and availability). DNB may intervene if the Group SCR or Group MCR, 
as applicable, are no longer complied with. Moreover, DNB has supervisory powers to intervene in a situation 
even where the Group SCR and Group MCR are still met, but their level or the buffer levels set by DNB or NN, 
are potentially under threat. This may lead to NN having to execute a recovery plan which should bring the own 
funds back in line with an acceptable buffer in excess of the Group SCR. 
NN is obliged to defer interest payments on the Subordinated Notes upon breach of its Group SCR or Group 
MCR, in case of Tier 2 Notes, and its Group MCR, in the case of Tier 3 Notes (in each case as statutorily 
applicable or applied by DNB respectively). In other circumstances, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, interest payments under Subordinated Notes may be deferred at NN's election. 
Any deferral of interest payments will likely have an adverse effect on the market price of the Subordinated 
Notes. In addition, as a result of the possibility of deferral of interest on the Subordinated Notes, the market 
price of the Subordinated Notes may be more volatile than the market prices of other debt securities on which 
interest accrues and which are not subject to such deferrals, and may be more sensitive generally to adverse 
changes in NN's and the Issuer’s financial condition. 
The interest rate on Fixed Rate Reset Subordinated Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be 
expected to affect interest payments on an investment in Fixed Rate Reset Subordinated Notes and could 
affect the market value of Fixed Rate Reset Subordinated Notes.  
Fixed Rate Reset Subordinated Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Interest Rate until (but excluding) 
the First Reset Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset 
Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the Reset 
Margin as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest 
rate, a “Subsequent Reset Rate”). The Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial

--- Page 62 ---
59 
 
Interest Rate or the Subsequent Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the Fixed Rate Reset Subordinated Notes. 
Limitation on gross-up obligation under the Subordinated Notes. 
The Issuer’s obligation, if any, to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect 
of taxes under the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes applies only to payments of interest due 
and paid under the Subordinated Notes and not to payments of principal.  
As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any Additional Amounts under the terms of the Subordinated 
Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such 
withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under the Subordinated Notes, 
Subordinated Noteholders may receive less than the full amount due under the Subordinated Notes, and the 
market value of the Subordinated Notes may be adversely affected. In addition, any payment of additional 
amounts may be subject to optional or mandatory deferral by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 5 of the 
Subordinated Notes (see “Under conditions, interest payments under the Subordinated Notes must be deferred 
and in other instances interest payments under the Subordinated Notes may be deferred at the option of the 
Issuer.” above). 
C. Risks related to all Notes  
The Issuer is a holding company with no operations and relies on its operating subsidiaries to provide it with 
dividend payments and other funds to meet its financial obligations and to pay out dividends. 
The Issuer is a holding company with no material, direct business operations. The principal assets of the Issuer 
are the equity interests it directly or indirectly holds in its operating subsidiaries. As a result, the Issuer is 
dependent on dividends and other payments from its subsidiaries to generate the funds necessary to meet its 
financial obligations, including the payment of dividends and payment of principal and interest on the Notes. 
The ability of the Issuer's subsidiaries to make such distributions and other payments depends on their earnings 
and may be subject to statutory, legal, regulatory or contractual limitations. 
As an equity investor in its subsidiaries, the Issuer's right to receive assets upon their liquidation or 
reorganisation will be effectively subordinated to the claims of creditors of its subsidiaries. To the extent that 
the Issuer is recognised as a creditor of such subsidiaries, the Issuer's claims may still be subordinated to any 
security interest in, or other lien on, their assets and to any of their debt or other obligations that are senior to 
the Issuer's claims. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and Subordinated Notes contain provisions which may permit their 
modification without the consent of all investors. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes contain 
provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally and to 
obtain Written Resolutions on matters relating to the Notes from Noteholders without calling a meeting. A 
Written Resolution signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in principal amount of the 
Notes of the relevant Series who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting in accordance 
with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and whose Notes are outstanding shall, for all purposes, take 
effect as an Extraordinary Resolution. 
A Written Resolution or an electronic consent as described above may be effected in connection with any matter 
affecting the interests of Noteholders, including the modification of the relevant Terms and Conditions, that 
would otherwise be required to be passed at a meeting of Noteholders satisfying the special quorum in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement, and shall for all purposes take effect as an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant

--- Page 63 ---
60 
 
meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.  
Furthermore, the Issuer may subject to conditions and without any consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders 
being required, the Noteholders or Couponholders having agreed irrevocably in advance, when no payment of 
principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default and, in respect of Subordinated Notes, after consent of 
the Relevant Supervisory Authority has been obtained if required under the Capital Adequacy Regulations, be 
replaced and substituted by any directly or indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Issuer as principal debtor 
in respect of the Notes and the relative Coupons.  
Any such modification, waiver or substitution may be contrary to the interest of one or more Noteholders and 
as a result the Notes may no longer meet the requirements or investment objectives of a Noteholder. 
The value and return of the Notes could be materially adversely impacted by a change in Dutch law or 
administrative practice and the jurisdiction of the courts of the Netherlands. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes are 
based on Dutch law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. No assurance can be given as to the 
impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Dutch law or administrative practices after the date of 
issue of the relevant Notes. Such changes in laws may include amendments to a variety of tools which may 
affect the rights of holders of securities issued by the Issuer, including the Notes. Any such change could 
materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it.  
Prospective investors should note that the courts of the Netherlands shall have jurisdiction in respect of any 
disputes involving any series of Notes. Noteholders may take any suit, action or proceedings arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes against the Issuer in any court of competent jurisdiction. Furthermore, in the event 
that the Issuer becomes insolvent, insolvency proceedings will generally be governed by the insolvency laws 
of the Netherlands. The laws of the Netherlands (including, any insolvency laws) may be materially different 
from the equivalent law in the home jurisdiction of prospective investors in its application to the Notes and the 
treatment and ranking of holders of Notes issued by the Issuer and the Issuer’s other creditors and shareholders 
under the insolvency laws of the Issuer’s place of incorporation may be different from the treatment and ranking 
of holders of those Notes and the Issuer’s other creditors and shareholders if the Issuer was subject to the 
insolvency laws of the investor’s home jurisdiction. The application of the laws of the Netherlands may 
therefore lead to a different interpretation of, amongst others, the conditions of the Notes than the investor may 
expect if the equivalent law of his home jurisdiction were applied or if the Issuer was subject to the insolvency 
laws of the investor’s home jurisdiction. This may lead to the Notes not having certain characteristics as the 
investor may have expected and may impact the return on the Notes. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required. 
In relation to any issue of Notes in bearer form which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes 
may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denominations (as defined 
in the relevant Conditions). In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a 
principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes 
be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one 
or more Specified Denominations. 
Therfore, if definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade.

--- Page 64 ---
61 
 
Risks relating to the Dutch Intervention Act, the Dutch R&R Act, the draft IRRD and any future legislation 
which may result in the expropriation, bail-in, write-off, write-down or conversion of the Notes. 
Pursuant to the Dutch Intervention Act and the R&R Act, as well as the draft IRRD, DNB, the Dutch Minister 
of Finance or any other resolution authority, has the power of write-down or conversion which could result in 
the full (i.e. to zero) or partial write down or conversion to equity (or other instruments) of a failing institution. 
The exercise of such powers may have a material adverse effect on the performance of a failing institution, 
which may include the Issuer and other members of the Group, of its payment and other obligations under debt 
securities, such as the Notes, or result in the expropriation, bail-in, write-off, write-down or conversion of 
securities, such as shares and debt obligations, including the Notes, issued by the failing institution or its parent, 
which may include the Issuer or another member of the Group. In addition, if the Group’s financial condition 
deteriorates, or is perceived to deteriorate, the existence of these powers could cause the market value and/or 
the liquidity of the Notes to decline more rapidly than would be the case in the absence of such powers. 
For more details on some of the supervision and regulation applicable to NN, we refer to “Description of the 
Issuer - Supervision and regulation applicable to NN’s business” on pages 158-166. 
D. Risks related to the market in respect of the Notes 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop (for example, Notes 
may be allocated to a limited pool of investors). If a market does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, 
investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or 
strategies, are being issued to a single investor or a limited number of investors or have been structured to meet 
the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have 
a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes 
easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
trading market. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents risks relating to 
currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency 
unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates 
may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the 
Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value 
of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates.

--- Page 65 ---
62 
 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes as an equivalent 
investment issued at the current market interest rate may be more attractive to investors. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all risks associated with an investment in 
those Notes. 
The value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness and the credit rating of the Issuer, the credit 
rating of the Notes and a number of additional factors, such as market interest and yield rates and the time 
remaining to the maturity date and more generally all economic, financial and political events in any country, 
including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation, European 
regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA and the Notes 
may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the 
secondary market. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a 
discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser.

--- Page 66 ---
63 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and for 
the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries and the Notes 
which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, is necessary to enable investors to make 
an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the 
Issuer. When used in this Prospectus, “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge 
of the Issuer the information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission 
likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Prospectus has been approved by the AFM as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The 
AFM only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement 
of the Issuer that is the subject of this Prospectus and of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
The period of validity of this Prospectus 12 months from the date of the approval of this Prospectus. This 
Prospectus (as may be supplemented from time to time) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and its validity expires on 9 
June 2023. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference 
(see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”) and any supplements or amendments hereto from time to time, 
including any Final Terms in relation to any issue of Notes under the Programme described in this Prospectus. 
This Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part 
of this Prospectus. Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference 
(see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Prospectus refers 
does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM. 
Any information from third parties has been accuraterly reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  
 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained in this Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or 
any of the Dealers or the Arranger (as defined in “Overview of the Programme”). Neither the delivery of 
this Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date 
upon which this Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no 
adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this 
Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. In particular, none of the Dealers 
accepts any responsibility for any third party social, environmental and sustainability assessment of any 
Notes issued as Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds (as defined below) or makes any representation or 
warranty or assurance whether the Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds will meet any investor 
expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "social", “sustainable” or similar labels. None of 
the Dealers have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria for 
Eligible Green Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets (as defined below), any verification of whether the

--- Page 67 ---
64 
 
Eligible Green Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets meet such criteria. None of the Dealers is responsible 
for the monitoring of the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds 
or the allocation of the proceeds by the Issuer to particular Eligible Green Assets and/or Eligible Social 
Assets. No assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers or any other person that the use of the proceeds 
of any Notes issued as Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines 
with which any investor or its investments are required to comply. No representation or assurance is 
given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of any third party 
made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds and 
any such opinion or certification is not a recommendation by any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such 
Notes. In the event any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", "social", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no 
representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or 
maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. Investors should refer to the Sustainability Bond Framework 
published by the Issuer in relation to any Notes issued as Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds, any 
second party opinion delivered in respect thereof, and any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer 
in respect of the application of the proceeds of any Notes issued as Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds 
for further information. The Sustainability Bond Framework and/or any such second party opinion 
and/or public reporting will not be incorporated by reference in this Prospectus and none of the Dealers 
makes any representation as to the suitability or contents thereof. 
 
The Group’s exposure to Environmental, Social and Governance (‘ESG’) risks, and the related 
management arrangements established to mitigate those risks has been assessed by sustainability and 
societal impact has been measured by several agencies through environmental, social and governance 
ratings (“ESG ratings”). 
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG 
ratings may differ. The Issuer’s ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current or future 
operating or financial performance, or any future ability to service the Notes and are only current as of 
the dates on which they were initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any such ESG ratings information contained in this Prospectus or elsewhere in making an 
investment decision. Furthermore, ESG ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation by the 
Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold the Notes. Currently, the providers of such ESG ratings 
are not subject to any regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their determination and award 
of ESG ratings. For more information regarding the evaluation methodologies used to determine ESG 
ratings, please refer to the relevant ratings agency’s website (which website does not form a part of, nor 
is incorporated by reference in, this Prospectus). 
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes have 
not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) 
and include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Prospectus, see 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any

--- Page 68 ---
65 
 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment. However, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
This Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any Notes with a minimum denomination of less 
than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) will (i) only be admitted to trading on an EEA 
regulated market (as defined in MiFID II), or a specific segment of an EEA regulated market, to which 
only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access (in which case they 
shall not be offered or sold to non-qualified investors) or (ii) only be offered to the public in an EEA 
Member State pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("IDD"), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a

--- Page 69 ---
66 
 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers 
to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accepts any responsibility for 
the contents of this Prospectus or for any other statement made or purported to be made by the Arranger 
or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes or any 
responsibility for any act or omission of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) 
in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger and each Dealer accordingly 
disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) 
which it might otherwise have in respect of this Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Prospectus 
nor any other financial statements should be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Prospectus or any other financial statements should 
purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the 
information contained in this Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such 
investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the 
financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this 
Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the 
attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
Potential investors are expressly advised that an investment in the Notes entails risks and that they should 
therefore carefully review the entire content of this Prospectus. A potential investor should not invest in 
the Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact 
this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. Prospective investors 
should also consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and 
disposition of the Notes. In addition, investors should ensure that an investment in the Notes is in 
compliance with their own policies, guidelines and restrictions and that an acquisition by them of any 
Notes is lawful.  
The rating of certain Tranches of Notes to be issued under the Programme and the credit rating agency 
issuing such ratings may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer cannot assure investors 
that any such ratings will not change in the future. A rating reflects only the views of the relevant rating 
agency and is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the Notes and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “Overview of the Programme—Method of 
Issue”), the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) 
(or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of 
the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the

--- Page 70 ---
67 
 
relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore - In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has 
determined the classification of the Notes as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
In this Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, “EUR”, 
“Euro” or “euro” are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European Union, 
references to “$”, “USD” and “U.S. Dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, 
and references to “£”, “GBP” and “Sterling” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts, including, without limitation, certain 
statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on 
management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks that could cause 
actual results, performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such 
statements. Actual results, performance or events may differ materially from those in such statements 
due to, without limitation (a) changes in general economic conditions, in particular economic conditions 
in NN Group’s core markets, (b) the effects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures, 
including lockdowns and travel restrictions, on economic conditions in countries in which NN Group 
operates, on NN Group’s business and operations and on NN Group’s employees, customers and 
counterparties (c) changes in performance of financial markets, including developing markets, (d) 
consequences of a potential (partial) break-up of the euro or European Union countries leaving the 
European Union, (e) changes in the availability of, and costs associated with, sources of liquidity, as well 
as conditions in the credit markets generally, (f) the frequency and severity of insured loss events, (g) 
changes affecting mortality and morbidity levels and trends, (h) changes affecting persistency levels, (i) 
changes affecting interest rate levels, (j) changes affecting currency exchange rates, (k) changes in 
investor, customer and policyholder behaviour, (l) changes in general competitive factors, (m) changes 
in laws and regulations and the interpretation and application thereof, (n) changes in the policies and 
actions of governments and/or regulatory authorities, (o) conclusions with regard to accounting 
assumptions and methodologies, (p) changes in ownership that could affect the future availability to NN 
Group of net operating loss, net capital and built-in loss carry forwards, (q) changes in credit and 
financial strength ratings, (r) NN Group’s ability to achieve projected operational synergies, (s) 
catastrophes and terrorist-related events, (t) adverse developments in legal and other proceedings and 
(u) the other risks contained in the section headed “Risk Factors”. Any forward-looking statements made 
by or on behalf of NN Group speak only as of the date they are made, and, NN Group assumes no 
obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new 
information or for any other reason. The Issuer urges investors to read the section headed “Risk Factors” 
for a more complete discussion of the factors that could affect the Issuer’s future performance and the 
industry in which the Issuer operates. 
In this Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT

--- Page 71 ---
68 
 
Each potential investor in any Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce risk 
or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A 
potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise 
(either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the 
potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to laws and regulations, or review or regulation by 
certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing 
and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their 
legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
This Prospectus includes a general summary of certain Dutch tax considerations relating to an investment in 
the Notes issued by the Issuer (see “Taxation”). Such summary may not apply to a particular holder of Notes or 
to a particular issue and does not cover all possible tax considerations. In addition, the tax treatment may change 
before the maturity, exercise or termination date of Notes. Any potential investor should consult its own 
independent tax adviser for more information about the tax consequences of acquiring, owning and disposing 
of Notes in its particular circumstances.

--- Page 72 ---
69 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which have been 
previously published and which have been approved by the AFM or filed with it: 
(i) 
the Articles of Association (the official Dutch version and an English translation thereof) which can be 
obtained 
from 
https://www.nn-group.com/nn-group/file?uuid=db37baf2-0f00-4a56-a84e-
a53df9c058fe&owner=84c25534-c28a-4a64-9c78-5cc1388e4766&contentid=11155;  
(ii) 
the audited consolidated annual accounts for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 (the “2021 
Financial Statements”) together with the independent auditor’s report dated 9 March 2022 included in 
the Issuer’s annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 (the “2021 Annual Report”) 
on 
pages 
142-315: 
https://www.nn-group.com/nn-group/file?uuid=fe0ed772-850a-4697-95e5-
06a1fe376e0f&owner=84c25534-c28a-4a64-9c78-5cc1388e4766&contentid=11805; 
(iii) 
the tables included in the Issuer’s annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 (the 
“2021 Annual Report”) under the heading “Measuring our progress” on pages 14 and 15: 
https://www.nn-group.com/nn-group/file?uuid=fe0ed772-850a-4697-95e5-
06a1fe376e0f&owner=84c25534-c28a-4a64-9c78-5cc1388e4766&contentid=11805; 
(iv) 
the tables included in the 2021 Annual Report on pages 13, 19, 21, 23, 25, 27, 29 and 30: https://www.nn-
group.com/nn-group/file?uuid=fe0ed772-850a-4697-95e5-06a1fe376e0f&owner=84c25534-c28a-
4a64-9c78-5cc1388e4766&contentid=11805; 
(v) 
page 40 and 44 of the 2021 Annual Report and the heading under “Managing our direct environmental 
footprint” on page 47: https://www.nn-group.com/nn-group/file?uuid=fe0ed772-850a-4697-95e5-
06a1fe376e0f&owner=84c25534-c28a-4a64-9c78-5cc1388e4766&contentid=11805; 
 (vi) 
the pictures included in the 2021 Annual Report on pages 51 and 52: https://www.nn-group.com/nn-
group/file?uuid=fe0ed772-850a-4697-95e5-06a1fe376e0f&owner=84c25534-c28a-4a64-9c78-
5cc1388e4766&contentid=11805; 
(vii) 
the tables included in the 2021 Annual Report under the heading “Key non-financial indicators” and 
“Sustainability indices and ratings” on page 126 and the tables on page 127: https://www.nn-
group.com/nn-group/file?uuid=fe0ed772-850a-4697-95e5-06a1fe376e0f&owner=84c25534-c28a-
4a64-9c78-5cc1388e4766&contentid=11805; 
(viii) the audited consolidated annual accounts for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (the “2022 
Financial Statements”) together with the independent auditor’s report dated 8 March 2023 included in 
the Issuer’s annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (the “2022 Annual Report”) 
on 
pages 
157-316: 
https://www.nn-
group.com/nsassets/HTML%20version%20Annual%20Report%202022.xhtml; 
(ix) 
the tables included in the 2022 Annual Report under the heading “Key financial indicators (in EUR 
million)” 
on 
page 
141: 
https://www.nn-
group.com/nsassets/HTML%20version%20Annual%20Report%202022.xhtml; 
(x) 
the press release published by the Issuer on 17 November 2022 entitled “NN Group Investor Update: 
continued focus on growth and value creation for all stakeholders”, which can be obtained from:  
https://www.nn-group.com/news/nn-group-investor-update-continued-focus-on-growth-and-value-
creation-for-all-stakeholders/; and 
(xi)  
the press release published by the Issuer on 16 February 2023 entitled “Strong OCG and resilient 
commercial performance for second-half and full-year 2022”, which can be obtained from:

--- Page 73 ---
70 
 
https://www.nn-group.com/news/strong-ocg-and-resilient-commercial-performance-for-second-half-
and-full-year-2022/. 
(together, the Documents Incorporated by Reference), which have been previously published or are published 
simultaneously with this Prospectus. Such documents shall be incorporated in and form part of this Prospectus, 
save that any statement contained in the Documents Incorporated by Reference shall be deemed to be modified 
or superseded for the purpose of this Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified 
or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus. Any documents 
themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus shall not 
form part of this Prospectus. Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not 
relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Prospectus.  
Copies of Documents Incorporated by Reference in this Prospectus may be obtained without charge from the 
registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 74 ---
71 
 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Prospectus which, in 
respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Amsterdam, shall 
constitute a supplement to this Prospectus as required by the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme 
there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information contained in 
this Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in or removal 
from this Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of 
the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the rights attaching 
to the Notes, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Prospectus or publish a replacement Prospectus for 
use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer such number of 
copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request.

--- Page 75 ---
72 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Financial information presented in the Prospectus 
Operating result 
Operating result as presented in “Description of the Issuer” is a non-GAAP financial measure and not a measure 
of financial performance under IFRS. Because it is not determined in accordance with IFRS, the operating result 
as presented by NN may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of performance of other 
(insurance) companies.  
Although NN believes that the disclosure of operating result by segment improves the ability of investors to 
assess the operational performance of NN, there are certain limitations on the usefulness of this supplemental 
non-GAAP financial measure. For example, operating result does not include revaluations of assets that are 
marked-to-market through the profit and loss account, such as private equity as well as real estate and capital 
gains. NN has significant investments in such assets and indirect returns (capital gains and revaluations) on 
these investments, apart from direct returns such as dividends and rental income, are usually a consideration to 
invest in these asset classes. Operating result will still fluctuate due to one-off or seasonal items that are not 
directly related to financial market conditions although not distinct from the ordinary activities of NN. Examples 
are adjustments to provisions for policyholder benefits or claims, triggered by natural catastrophes (non-life 
insurance) or changes in actuarial assumptions such as surrender and mortality rates (life insurance).  
Calculation of operating result 
Operating result (before tax) is used by NN to evaluate the financial performance of its segments. Each 
segment’s operating result is calculated by adjusting the reported result before tax for the following items: 
Non-operating items:  
 
Gains/losses and impairments: realised gains and losses as well as impairments on financial assets that 
are classified as Available-for-sale and debt securities that are classified as loans. These investments 
include debt and equity securities (including fixed income and equity funds), private equity (< 20 per 
cent. ownership), real estate funds and loans quoted in active markets. 
 
Revaluations: revaluations on assets marked-to-market through the Consolidated profit and loss account. 
These investments include private equity (associates), real estate (property and associates), derivatives 
unrelated to product hedging programmes (i.e. interest rate swaps, foreign exchange hedges) and direct 
equity hedges. 
 
Market and other impacts: these impacts mainly include movements in the liability for guarantees on 
separate account pension contracts and unit-linked guarantee provisions in the Netherlands and related 
hedges, the accounting volatility related to the reinsurance of minimum guaranteed benefits of the VA 
portfolios and the changes in valuation of certain inflation linked liabilities and related derivatives. 
Result on divestments: result before tax related to divested operations.  
Special items: items of income or expense before tax that are significant arise from events or transactions that 
are clearly distinct from the ordinary business activities and therefore are not expected to recur frequently or 
regularly. This includes, for example, restructuring expenses, rebranding costs, IFRS 17 programme expenses, 
results related to early redemption of debt, and gains/losses from employee pension plan amendments or 
curtailments. 
Acquisition intangibles and goodwill: at the date of an acquisition, all assets and liabilities (including 
investments, loans and funding liabilities) are remeasured to fair value. Acquisition related intangible assets 
(mainly brand names, distribution agreements and client relationships) are recognised and later amortised

--- Page 76 ---
73 
 
through the profit and loss account over their useful life in the line “acquisition intangibles and goodwill”. This 
line also includes impairments of goodwill as well as the recognition of negative goodwill arising from 
acquisitions.  
Adjusted allocated equity 
NN Group evaluates the efficiency of the operational deployment of its equity of its banking operations by 
calculating Return On Equity (“ROE”). The net operating ROE is calculated using Net operating result in the 
numerator and average adjusted allocated equity in the denominator. Adjusted allocated equity is derived from 
IFRS equity by adjusting for: 
 
Revaluation reserves; 
 
Undated subordinated notes classified as equity under IFRS; 
 
Goodwill and Intangible assets recognised upon acquisitions. 
Allocated equity per segment represents the part of equity that is economically deployed by the segments. This 
allocation does not impact equity in total for NN Group. Adjusted allocated equity is an Alternative Performance 
Measure that is not a measure under IFRS-EU. 
Adjusted allocated equity as applied by NN Group may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of 
other companies. 
In addition, NN Group discloses a number of other metrics (that are not defined in IFRS and/or not defined in 
regulatory capital legislation). 
As these are not derived from comparable metrics under IFRS, these cannot be reconciled to an IFRS equivalent. 
These other metrics are explained in the 2022 Financial Statements in the section “Alternative Performance 
Measures (Non-GAAP measures)” in Note 33 “Segments”. 
Administrative expenses 
Administrative expenses are operating expenses excluding special item expenses, investment expenses and 
claims handling expenses (all operational costs from the claims departments - mostly staff related) and direct 
attributable acquisition expenses. The claims handling expenses from external claim handlers are directly 
included in claims incurred (i.e. these are not included in the operating expenses nor in the administrative 
expenses), while direct attributable expenses are included in DAC amortisation and trail commissions. 
Rounding adjustments and currency  
Certain figures contained in this Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, in certain 
instances the sum of the numbers in a column or row of a table contained in this Prospectus may not conform 
exactly to the total figure given for that column or row. 
Unless otherwise indicated, financial information relating to NN is presented in euro.

--- Page 77 ---
74 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion and amendment and as 
supplemented or varied in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be 
applicable to the Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each 
Series. Either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the 
Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed, amended, supplemented or varied (and subject 
to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on 
the Certificates relating to such Registered Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions 
will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed 
on the definitive Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the 
Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (as amended or supplemented 
as at the Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 9 June 2022 between the Issuer, The Bank of New York 
Mellon as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it. The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the registrar, the 
transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below, respectively, as the 
“Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the “Registrar”, the 
“Transfer Agents” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the 
interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest-bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the 
case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) and the holders of the 
receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the “Receipts”) relating to Notes in bearer form of which 
the principal is payable in instalments are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement applicable to them. 
As used in these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”), “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all 
respects. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection at the specified offices of each of the Paying 
Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in registered form (“Registered Notes”), in each case 
in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon. The minimum denomination shall be EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes) or, where it is a Note to be admitted 
to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified 
investors (as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) have access, the minimum denomination shall be EUR 
1,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes). 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, an Instalment Note or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown hereon. 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, 
save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due 
after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Instalment Notes are issued 
with one or more Receipts attached. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in Condition 
2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder.

--- Page 78 ---
75 
 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered 
Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). Except as ordered by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or 
Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the 
Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate), and no person shall be liable for 
so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note and the Receipts relating to it or the 
person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Note, 
Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or the person in 
whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given 
to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
2 
No Exchange of Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
No Exchange of Notes: Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes: One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at 
the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such 
Registered Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or 
another form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and 
certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other 
evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only 
of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the 
transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the 
holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register 
will be made subject to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the Agency 
Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the 
Registrar and the Noteholders. A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar 
to any Noteholder upon request. 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes: In the case of an exercise 
of an Issuer’s or Noteholders’ option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, a holding of Registered 
Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the 
exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial 
exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate 
Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have the same terms. New 
Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder of 
Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against 
surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of New Certificates: Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2 (b) or (c) shall 
be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the form of transfer or Exercise Notice 
(as defined in Condition 5(e)) and surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new 
Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case

--- Page 79 ---
76 
 
may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such form of transfer, Exercise Notice or Certificate shall have 
been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified 
in the form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk 
of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder 
requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement) the 
costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2(d), 
“business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in 
the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(e) 
Transfer Free of Charge: Transfers of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, partial 
redemption or exercise of an option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may 
be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer 
Agent may require). 
(f) 
Closed Periods: No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered (i) during 
the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of, or payment of any Instalment Amount 
in respect of, that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days before any date on which Notes may be called 
for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 5(d) or Condition 5(f), (iii) after any 
such Note has been called for redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on (and 
including) any Record Date. 
3 
Status 
The Notes and the Receipts and Coupons constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times 
rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes and the Receipts and the Coupons shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable 
legislation, at all times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and 
monetary obligations of the Issuer, present and future. 
4 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The 
amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(f). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
4(f). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment 
Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date 
shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown hereon as the 
Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that

--- Page 80 ---
77 
 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date 
shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified hereon and the 
provisions below relating to Screen Rate Determination shall apply. 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest 
(or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified hereon as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of 
such Notes will be determined as provided hereon. 
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available, or if sub-paragraph (x)(1) applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or if sub-paragraph 
(x)(2) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, 
the Issuer or an agent selected by the Issuer shall request, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period

--- Page 81 ---
78 
 
shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate by leading banks in if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to 
leading banks in if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate 
of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place 
of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(B) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than 
the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided, however, that if there is no 
rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then 
the Issuer shall determine appropriate for such purposes (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) such rate at such time and by reference to such sources 
as it determines appropriate. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: the period of time designated in the Reference Rate.

--- Page 82 ---
79 
 
(C) 
Replacement Reference Rate Determination for Discontinued Reference Rate 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 4(b), if the Fiscal Agent or the 
Issuer determines at any time prior to, on or following any Interest Determination Date, 
discontinued a Benchmark Event has occurred, the Issuer will, as soon as reasonably 
practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant Interest Determination Date), 
appoint an agent ("Rate Determination Agent"), which will determine in its sole discretion, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, whether a substitute or 
successor rate for purposes of determining the relevant Reference Rate on each Interest 
Determination Date falling on such date or thereafter that is substantially comparable to 
the Reference Rate is available or a successor rate that has been recommended or selected 
by the monetary authority or similar authority (or working group thereof) in the 
jurisdiction of the applicable currency. If the Rate Determination Agent determines that 
there is an industry-accepted successor rate, the Rate Determination Agent will use such 
successor rate to determine the relevant Reference Rate. If the Rate Determination Agent 
has determined a substitute or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate, 
the "Replacement Reference Rate") for purposes of determining the Reference Rate on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date falling on or after such determination, (A) the 
Rate Determination Agent will also determine changes (if any) to the business day 
convention, the definition of business day, the interest determination date, the day count 
fraction and any method for calculating the Replacement Reference Rate, including any 
adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the 
relevant Reference Rate, in each case in a manner that is consistent with industry-accepted 
practices for such Replacement Reference Rate; (B) references to the Reference Rate in 
these Conditions applicable to the relevant Floating Rate Note will be deemed to be 
references to the relevant Replacement Reference Rate, including any alternative method 
for determining such rate as described in (A) above; (C) the Rate Determination Agent 
will notify the Issuer of the foregoing as soon as reasonably practicable; and (D) the Issuer 
will give notice as soon as reasonably practicable to the Noteholders (in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices)) and the Fiscal Agent specifying the Replacement Reference Rate, 
as well as the details described in (A) above. 
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters referred to 
above by the Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of manifest error and without 
prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s ability to rely on the Issuer’s notice as referenced in (D) 
above) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, and will apply to the relevant 
Notes without any requirement that the Issuer obtains consent of any Noteholders. If the 
Rate Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute 
Replacement Reference Rate, then the Reference Rate will be equal to the Reference Rate 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Accrual Period. 
For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted the 
Replacement Reference Rate or such other changes pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(iii)(D).  
The Rate Determination Agent will be (A) a major bank or broker-dealer in a principal 
financial center of the European Union or the United Kingdom as appointed by the Issuer; 
or (B), if it is not reasonably practicable to appoint a party as referred to under (A), the 
Issuer. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the

--- Page 83 ---
80 
 
Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate 
of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 5(b)i). 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue 
to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 
4 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7). 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest 
Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the 
Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in 
accordance with Condition 4(b) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute 
value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph, Condition 
4(e)(ii). 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is 
specified hereon, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount shall be 
subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage point 
being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (provided that, if 
the eighth significant figure is a 5 or greater, the seventh significant shall be rounded up) and (z) 
all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with half a unit being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded 
down to the nearest yen. For these purposes, “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(f) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount 
specified hereon, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount 
(or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount 
of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest 
Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of 
each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be 
calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for 
which interest is required to be calculated. 
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts: 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, 
determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate 
the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Instalment 
Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause

--- Page 84 ---
81 
 
the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of 
the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such 
exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later 
than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case 
of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the 
fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date 
is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 4(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment 
Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way 
of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the 
Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable 
in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this 
Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding upon all parties. 
(h) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
“Benchmark Event” means:  
1. 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or be administered; or  
2. 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling 
six months prior to the specified date referred to in (2)(i) above; or  
3. 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
4. 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified 
date referred to in (4)(i) above; or 
5. 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or 
before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to 
in (5)(i) above; or 
6. 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or may no longer 
be used; or

--- Page 85 ---
82 
 
7. 
it has, or will prior to the next Reset Determination Date, become unlawful for the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any other party to calculate any payments due to be made 
to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate. 
Provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (2), (3) 
and (4) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (5) 
above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph 
(6) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be 
deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and 
which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public 
statement. 
“Business Day” means: 
1. 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre 
for such currency; and/or 
2. 
in the case of euro, a day on which T2 is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”); and/or 
3. 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business 
Centres. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
1. 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
2. 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
3. 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
4. 
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360; 
5. 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 86 ---
83 
 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30. 
6. 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
7. 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 87 ---
84 
 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
8. 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon, 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it falls, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; and 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date. 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, the 
Interest Payment Date(s). 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on and including an Interest Period Date and ending on but excluding 
the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
1. 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and 
unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount specified hereon as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the 
Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
2. 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for 
that period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
hereon.

--- Page 88 ---
85 
 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in 
London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business 
Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on and including an Interest Payment Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and 
that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon. 
“Reference Banks” means in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the 
Calculation Agent or as specified hereon. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement page, section, 
caption, column or other part of a particular information service). 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the 
currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“T2” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
System or any successor or replacement for that system (T2) is open. 
(i) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in 
the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to 
act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual 
Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the inter-bank 
market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its 
principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. 
The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid.

--- Page 89 ---
86 
 
5 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption: 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 5, each Note 
that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each 
Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified hereon. The outstanding nominal 
amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment 
Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such 
proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the 
Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case such amount shall remain 
outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(ii) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be 
finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount (which, 
unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Note falling within 
paragraph (i) above, its final Instalment Amount. 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(c), Condition 5(d), Condition 5(e) or 
Condition 5(f) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be 
the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise 
specified hereon. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised 
Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their 
issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 5(c), Condition 5(d), Condition 5(e) or Condition 5(f) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early 
Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-
paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Note becomes due and payable 
were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance 
with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until 
the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which 
case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such 
Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 4(c). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(c), Condition 5(d),

--- Page 90 ---
87 
 
or Condition 5(e) or Condition 5(f) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 
9, shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified hereon. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time (if this 
Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in 
Condition 5(b) above) (together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer 
has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result 
of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Netherlands (in the case of payment 
by the Issuer) or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of the Notes, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes then due. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c), the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate duly signed on behalf of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing 
that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period 
as may be specified hereon), redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount 
specified hereon (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) above)), 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such notice of redemption may, at 
the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall 
state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Optional Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as 
any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such 
redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions 
shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption 
Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date so delayed. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to 
Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified 
hereon and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition 5. 
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers of 
the Bearer Notes, or in the case of Registered Notes shall specify the nominal amount of Registered 
Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn 
in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of 
prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other 
relevant authority requirements. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If Put Option is specified hereon, the Issuer shall, at the 
option of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon), redeem such

--- Page 91 ---
88 
 
Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount specified hereon (which 
may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) above)), together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option, the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together with 
all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in the case of 
Registered Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at 
its specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the 
form obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the 
notice period. No Note or Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as 
provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(f) 
Issuer Clean-up Call: Unless the Issuer has at any time notified the Noteholders that it is exercising the 
Issuer Make-Whole Call set out Condition 5(g) below in respect of the Notes, if Issuer Clean-up Call is 
specified hereon and, at any time, the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is equal to or 
less than the percentage specified hereon of the aggregate nominal amount of the Series issued, the Issuer 
may on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such 
other notice period as may be specified hereon), redeem all of the Notes then outstanding on the date 
specified in such notice.  
Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified hereon (which 
may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) above)), together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
(g) 
Issuer Make-Whole Call: If Issuer Make-Whole Call is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on giving not 
less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as 
may be specified hereon), which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption (each such date, a “Make-Whole Redemption Date”) redeem all of the Notes at any time 
prior to their Maturity Date at their relevant Make-Whole Redemption Amount. Any such notice of 
redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case 
such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Make-Whole Redemption Date may be delayed 
until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or 
all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the 
Make-Whole Redemption Date, or by the Make-Whole Redemption Date so delayed. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Quotation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the relevant provisions of Condition 5(b) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis to this Condition 5(g). 
“Calculation Date” means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 4 above) prior to the Make-
Whole Redemption Date. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Amount” means the sum of: 
(i) 
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the sum 
of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest 
on such Notes to maturity or, if Call Option is specified hereon, to the first Optional 
Redemption Date (excluding any interest accruing on the Notes to, but excluding, the

--- Page 92 ---
89 
 
relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Date on either an annual, a semi-annual or a quarterly basis (as specified 
hereon) at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin; 
and 
(ii) 
any interest accrued but not paid on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date, 
as determined by the Quotation Agent and as notified on the Calculation Date by the Quotation 
Agent to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and such other parties as may be specified hereon. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Margin” means the margin specified as such hereon. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Rate” means the average of the number of quotations given by the Reference 
Dealers of the mid-market yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the third Business Day 
preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central European Time (“CET”)). 
“Quotation Agent” means any Dealer or any other international credit institution or financial services 
institution appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of determining the Make-Whole Redemption Amount, 
in each case as such Quotation Agent is identified hereon. 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the banks, as specified hereon, selected by the Quotation Agent, 
which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
“Reference Security” means the security specified as such hereon. If a Reference Security is no longer 
outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Quotation Agent at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the 
Calculation Date, quoted in writing by the Quotation Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices). 
“Similar Security” means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the Reference 
Security having actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
(h) 
Purchases: The Issuer and its Subsidiaries as defined in the Agency Agreement may at any time purchase 
Notes (provided that all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(i) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be 
surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note together with 
all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each 
case, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith 
(together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
6 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned 
below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of 
Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipt is presented

--- Page 93 ---
90 
 
for payment together with its relative Note), Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in 
the case of interest, as specified in Condition 6(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as 
specified in Condition 6(f)(vi)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, 
by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the 
principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access 
to T2. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: 
(i) 
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 6(b) shall include final Instalment 
Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer 
Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest (which for the purpose of this Condition 6(b) shall include all Instalment Amounts other 
than final Instalment Amounts) on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the 
Register at the close of business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the 
“Record Date”). Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made in the relevant 
currency by cheque drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first-named of joint 
holders) of such Note at its address appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to 
the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment 
of interest may be made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the 
payee with a Bank. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated 
in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in 
New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with 
specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents 
would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, 
(ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is 
then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax 
consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, 
regulations and directives in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 
7. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and 
the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed 
below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent(s) 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for 
or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the 
Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, 
(iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the 
Conditions so require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities

--- Page 94 ---
91 
 
and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be 
listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Bearer 
Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, those Notes 
should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, 
failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the 
case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from 
the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned 
above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant 
Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant 
to Condition 8). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of 
such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note that is redeemable in instalments, all 
Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, 
as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of 
the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a 
Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note 
against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another 
Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to 
Condition 8).

--- Page 95 ---
92 
 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business 
day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest 
or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the 
relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” hereon 
and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
7 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by 
the Netherlands or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction 
is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect 
to any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having 
some connection with the Netherlands other than the mere holding of the Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(b) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented (or in respect of which the 
Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to 
the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for 
payment on the thirtieth such day; or 
(c) 
Payment by another Paying Agent: (except in the case of Registered Notes) presented for payment by 
or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting 
the relevant Note, Receipt or Coupon to another Paying Agent in a Member State of the European Union; 
or 
(d) 
Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021: where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant 
to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means the date on 
which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld 
or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven 
days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note (or 
relative Certificate), Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be 
made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) 
“principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, 
Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face 
Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment 
or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable

--- Page 96 ---
93 
 
pursuant to Condition 4 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be 
deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition.  
Condition relating to FATCA 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer shall be permitted to withhold or deduct 
any amounts imposed or required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any 
agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or 
practices adopted pursuant to any IGA entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of 
the Code (or any law implementing such an IGA) (a “FATCA Withholding Tax”), and the Issuer will have no 
obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify a holder/an investor on account of any FATCA 
Withholding Tax deducted or withheld by the Issuer, any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any other party. 
8 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within five years from the date on 
which such payment first became due. 
9 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events shall have occurred and be continuing: 
(a) 
default is made for more than 30 days in the payment of interest or principal in respect of the Notes; or 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Notes and such failure has 
continued for the period of 60 days next following the service on the Issuer of notice requiring the same 
to be remedied; or 
(c) 
the Issuer is declared bankrupt; or 
(d) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer unless 
this is done in connection with a merger, consolidation or other form of combination with another 
company, the terms of which merger, consolidation or combination (A) have the effect of the emerging 
or such other surviving company assuming all obligations contracted by the Issuer in connection with 
the Notes or (B) have previously been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, 
then any Noteholder may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, effective 
upon the date of receipt thereof by the Fiscal Agent, declare the Note held by the holder to be forthwith due and 
payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at the Early Redemption Amount (as 
described in Condition 5(b)(ii)), together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without 
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, provided that the right to declare Notes due and 
payable shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been cured before the relevant notice has become 
effective. 
10 
Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening both physical and 
virtual meetings of Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning 
by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of a modification of any of these 
Conditions. Such a meeting may be convened by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to

--- Page 97 ---
94 
 
consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear 
majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting 
two or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held 
or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia (i) to 
amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, any Instalment Date or any date for payment of 
interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any 
Instalment Amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or 
rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or 
amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a 
Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is shown 
hereon, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, 
calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption 
Amount, including the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or 
currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes or (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the 
quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary 
Resolution, in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing 
not less than 75 per cent. or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent. in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on 
Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and 
on all Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and 
effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. 
Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
These Conditions may be amended, modified or varied in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms of 
the relevant Final Terms in relation to such Series. 
(b) 
Modification of Agency Agreement: The Agent and the Issuer may, and the Noteholders hereby agree 
that the Agent and the Issuer may, without any further consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders 
being required, agree to: 
(i) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Agency Agreement which, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor 
or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
11 
Substitution 
(a) 
The Issuer may, and the Noteholders hereby irrevocably agree in advance that the Issuer may, without 
any further consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders being required, when no payment of principal 
of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, be replaced and substituted by any directly or indirectly 
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Issuer (the “Substituted Debtor”) as principal debtor in respect of the 
Notes and the relative Coupons, provided that:

--- Page 98 ---
95 
 
(i) 
such documents shall be executed by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer as may be necessary 
to give full effect to the substitution (together the “Documents”) and (without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall undertake in favour 
of each Noteholder and Couponholder to be bound by the Conditions and the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement as fully as if the Substituted Debtor had been named in the Notes, and the 
relative Coupons, the Agency Agreement as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the 
relative Coupons in place of the Issuer and pursuant to which the Issuer shall guarantee, which 
guarantee shall be unconditional and irrevocable, (the “Guarantee”) in favour of each Noteholder 
and each holder of the relative Coupons the payment of all sums payable in respect of the Notes 
and the relative Coupons; 
(ii) 
the Documents shall contain a covenant by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer to indemnify 
and hold harmless each Noteholder and Couponholder against all liabilities, costs, charges and 
expenses (provided that, insofar as the liabilities, costs, charges and expenses are taxes or duties, 
the same arise by reason of a law or regulation having legal effect or being in reasonable 
contemplation thereof on the date such substitution becomes effective) which may be incurred 
by or levied against such holder as a result of any substitution pursuant to this Condition and 
which would not have been so incurred or levied had such substitution not been made (and, 
without limiting the foregoing, such liabilities, costs, charges and expenses shall include any and 
all taxes or duties which are imposed on any such Noteholder or Couponholder by any political 
subdivision or taxing authority of any country in which such Noteholder or Couponholder resides 
or is subject to any such tax or duty and which would not have been so imposed had such 
substitution not been made); 
(iii) 
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Debtor and the 
Issuer (a) that each of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution and the performance 
of its obligations under the Documents, and that all such approvals and consents are in full force 
and effect and (b) that the obligations assumed by each of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer 
under the Documents are all valid and binding in accordance with their respective terms and 
enforceable by each Noteholder; 
(iv) 
each stock exchange which has Notes listed thereon shall have confirmed that, following the 
proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor, such Notes would continue to be listed on such 
stock exchange; 
(v) 
the Substituted Debtor shall have delivered to the Fiscal Agent or procured the delivery to the 
Fiscal Agent of a legal opinion from a leading firm of local lawyers acting for the Substituted 
Debtor to the effect that the Documents constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the 
Substituted Debtor, such opinion to be dated not more than three days prior to the date of 
substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by 
Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent; 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Fiscal Agent or procured the delivery to the Fiscal Agent of 
a legal opinion from the internal legal adviser to the Issuer to the effect that the Documents 
(including the Guarantee) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Issuer, such 
opinion to be dated not more than three days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted 
Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by Noteholders and Couponholders at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent; and

--- Page 99 ---
96 
 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Fiscal Agent or procured the delivery to the Fiscal Agent of 
a legal opinion from a leading firm of Dutch lawyers to the effect that the Documents (including 
the Guarantee) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substituted Debtor and the 
Issuer under Dutch law, such opinion to be dated not more than three days prior to the date of 
substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by 
Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
(b) 
In connection with any substitution effected pursuant to this Condition, neither the Issuer nor the 
Substituted Debtor need have any regard to the consequences of any such substitution for individual 
Noteholders or Couponholders resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or 
otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory and no Noteholder or 
Couponholder, except as provided in Condition 11(a)(ii), shall be entitled to claim from the Issuer or any 
Substituted Debtor under the Notes and the relative Coupons any indemnification or payment in respect 
of any tax or other consequences arising from such substitution. 
(c) 
The Issuer shall be entitled, by notice to the Noteholders given in accordance with Condition 14, at any 
time to effect a substitution which does not comply with this Condition 11, provided that the terms of 
such substitution have been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution or to waive all and any rights to 
effect a substitution of the principal debtor pursuant to this Condition 11. Any such notice of waiver shall 
be irrevocable. 
(d) 
Upon the execution of the Documents as referred to in paragraph (a) above, and subject to the notification 
as referred to in paragraph (f) below having been given, the Substituted Debtor shall be deemed to be 
named in the Notes and the relative Coupons as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer and the Notes 
and the relative Coupons shall thereupon be deemed to be amended to give effect to the substitution. The 
execution of the Documents shall operate to release the Issuer as issuer from all of its obligations as 
principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the relative Coupons, save that any claims under the Notes 
and the relative Coupons prior to release shall ensure for the benefit of Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(e) 
The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Fiscal Agent for so long as any Notes or Coupons 
remain outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the Substituted Debtor by any Noteholder 
or Couponholder in relation to the Notes or the relative Coupons or the Documents shall not have been 
finally adjudicated, settled or discharged. The Substituted Debtor and the Issuer shall acknowledge in 
the Documents the right of every Noteholder and Couponholder to the production of the Documents for 
the enforcement of any of the Notes or the relative Coupons or the Documents. 
(f) 
Not later than 15 business days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor shall give 
notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
12 
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons) and of the 
Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may 
from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith 
and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that, if the allegedly 
lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, 
as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount 
payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and

--- Page 100 ---
97 
 
otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must 
be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references 
in these Conditions to “Issue Date” shall be to the first issue date of the Notes) and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be 
construed accordingly. 
14 
Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in the Register 
and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after 
the date of mailing. Notices to the holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the Netherlands (which is expected to be Het Financieele Dagblad). So long as the Notes 
are listed on any stock exchange, notices to holders of the Notes shall also be made as required under the rules 
of such stock exchange. If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in 
another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, 
on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders 
of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition 14. 
15 
Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the relevant 
Note, Coupon or Receipt is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court 
of any jurisdiction, in the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by any Noteholder 
or Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge 
to the Issuer to the extent of the amount in the currency of payment under the relevant Note, Coupon or Receipt 
that the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date 
of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on 
which it is practicable to do so). If the amount received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be 
due to the recipient under any Note, Coupon or Receipt, the Issuer. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify the 
recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this Condition 15, it shall be 
sufficient for the Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, to demonstrate that it would have suffered a 
loss had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from 
the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply 
irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Noteholder or Couponholder and shall continue in full force and 
effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under 
any Note, Coupon or Receipt or any other judgment or order. 
16 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, and the Talons, and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, the laws of the Netherlands.

--- Page 101 ---
98 
 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
that may arise out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Agency 
Agreement, any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons may be brought in such courts.

--- Page 102 ---
99 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion and amendment and as 
supplemented or varied in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be 
applicable to the Subordinated Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Subordinated 
Note(s) representing each Series. Either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant 
provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed, amended, 
supplemented or varied (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be 
endorsed on such Bearer Subordinated Notes or on the Certificates relating to such Registered Subordinated 
Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in 
Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Subordinated Notes or 
Certificates, as the case may be. References in the Conditions to “Subordinated Notes” are to the Subordinated 
Notes of one Series only, not to all Subordinated Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Subordinated Notes are issued pursuant to an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (as amended or 
supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 8 June 2023 between the Issuer, The Bank 
of New York Mellon as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it. The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the 
registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below, 
respectively, as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the 
“Registrar”, the “Transfer Agents” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The Noteholders (as defined below), the 
holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest-bearing Subordinated Notes in bearer form 
and, where applicable in the case of such Subordinated Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the 
“Couponholders”) and the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the “Receipts”) 
relating to Subordinated Notes in bearer form of which the principal is payable in instalments are deemed to 
have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
As used in these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”), “Tranche” means Subordinated Notes which are 
identical in all respects. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection at the specified offices of each of the Paying 
Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Subordinated Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Subordinated Notes”) or in registered form 
(“Registered Subordinated Notes”), in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon. The minimum 
denomination shall be EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes) or, where it is a Subordinated Note to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, 
or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129) have access, the minimum denomination shall be EUR 1,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency 
as at the date of issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes). 
This Subordinated Note is a Fixed Rate Subordinated Note, a Fixed Rate Reset Subordinated Note, a Floating 
Rate Subordinated Note, a Zero Coupon Subordinated Note, an Instalment Subordinated Note or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown hereon. 
Bearer Subordinated Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) 
attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Subordinated Notes in which case references to interest (other than 
in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Instalment Subordinated Notes are issued with one or more Receipts attached.

--- Page 103 ---
100 
 
Registered Subordinated Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and each Certificate 
shall represent the entire holding of Registered Subordinated Notes by the same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Subordinated Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the 
Registered Subordinated Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept 
by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). Except as ordered 
by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Subordinated 
Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, 
whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on 
it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate), and no person shall 
be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Subordinated Note and the Receipts relating 
to it or the person in whose name a Registered Subordinated Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” 
(in relation to a Subordinated Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Subordinated 
Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Subordinated Note is registered (as 
the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them hereon, the absence of any such 
meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Subordinated Notes. 
2 
No Exchange of Subordinated Notes and Transfers of Registered Subordinated Notes 
(a) 
No Exchange of Subordinated Notes: Registered Subordinated Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer 
Subordinated Notes. Bearer Subordinated Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged 
for Bearer Subordinated Notes of another Specified Denomination. Bearer Subordinated Notes may not 
be exchanged for Registered Subordinated Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Subordinated Notes: One or more Registered Subordinated Notes may be 
transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the 
Certificate representing such Registered Subordinated Notes to be transferred, together with the form of 
transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or another form of transfer substantially in the same form and 
containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), 
duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably 
require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Subordinated Notes represented 
by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred 
and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to 
the transferor. All transfers of Subordinated Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject to 
the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Subordinated Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. 
The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the Registrar and the 
Noteholders. A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar to any Noteholder 
upon request. 
(c) 
Delivery of New Certificates: Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Condition 2(b) shall be 
available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the form of transfer and surrender of the 
Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the 
Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such form of 
transfer or Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or 
surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the form of transfer or otherwise in writing, be mailed by 
uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be so 
specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Agent (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement) the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may 
specify. In this Condition 2(c), “business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which

--- Page 104 ---
101 
 
banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the 
Registrar (as the case may be). 
(d) 
Transfer Free of Charge: Transfers of Subordinated Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, 
partial redemption or exercise of an option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, 
the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that 
may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer 
Agent may require). 
(e) 
Closed Periods: No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Subordinated Note to be 
registered (i) during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of, or payment of any 
Instalment Amount in respect of, that Subordinated Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days before any 
date on which Subordinated Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to 
Condition 6(c) or Condition 6(e), (iii) after any such Subordinated Note has been called for redemption 
or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. 
3 
Status 
(a) 
The Subordinated Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons rank pari passu and without any preference 
among themselves and constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
(b) 
In the event of the insolvency (bankruptcy (faillissement) or moratorium (surseance van betaling)), 
dissolution (ontbinding) or liquidation (vereffening) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer 
under the Subordinated Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons shall rank in right of payment, in each case 
in accordance with and subject to mandatory applicable law, after unsubordinated and unsecured 
creditors of the Issuer, but pari passu with all subordinated obligations of the Issuer save for those that 
rank or are expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to the Subordinated Notes, the Receipts and 
Coupons, and in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer. 
(c) 
By acceptance of the Subordinated Notes, Receipts and Coupons, each holder will be deemed to have 
waived any right of set-off or counterclaim that such holder might otherwise have against the Issuer in 
respect of or arising under the Subordinated Notes, Receipts or Coupons, whether prior to or in the 
insolvency, dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any of 
the rights and claims of any Noteholder in respect of or arising under the Subordinated Notes, Receipts 
or Coupons are discharged by set-off, such holder will immediately pay an amount equal to the amount 
of such discharge to the Issuer or, if applicable, the bankruptcy trustee (curator) of the Issuer and, until 
such time as payment is made, will hold a sum equal to such amount on behalf of the Issuer or, if 
applicable, the bankruptcy trustee in the Issuer's insolvency, dissolution or liquidation. Accordingly, such 
discharge will be deemed not to have taken place. 
(d) 
The Subordinated Notes of a Series may qualify as either tier 2 basic own funds (“Tier 2 Notes”) or tier 
3 basic own funds (“Tier 3 Notes”), in each case as determined by the Relevant Supervisory Authority 
from time to time, as specified hereon. 
4 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes: Each Fixed Rate Subordinated Note bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
4(g).

--- Page 105 ---
102 
 
(b) 
Interest of Fixed Rate Reset Subordinated Notes: 
Each Fixed Rate Reset Subordinated Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount: 
(A) 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the First Reset Date at the 
rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Initial Rate of Interest as specified hereon; 
(B) 
from and including the First Reset Date to but excluding the Second Reset Date or, if none, the 
Maturity Date (the "First Reset Period") at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate; and 
(C) 
if applicable, from and including the Second Reset Date to but excluding the first Subsequent 
Reset Date (if any), and each successive period from and including any Subsequent Reset Date 
to but excluding the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date (if any) or, if none, the Maturity 
Date (each a "Subsequent Reset Period") at the rate per annum equal to the relevant Subsequent 
Reset Rate, 
(in each case rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards), 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(g). 
The provisions of Condition 4(c)(iii)(D) relating to Replacement Reference Rate Determination for 
Discontinued Reference Rate apply mutatis mutandis to Fixed Rate Reset Subordinated Notes. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Subordinated Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Subordinated Note bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 4(g). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as Specified 
Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest 
Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown 
hereon as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date 
shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Subordinated Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner 
specified hereon and the provisions below relating to Screen Rate Determination shall apply.

--- Page 106 ---
103 
 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest 
(or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Subordinated 
Notes is specified hereon as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Subordinated Notes will be determined as provided hereon. 
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available, or if sub-paragraph (x)(1) applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or if sub-paragraph 
(x)(2) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, 
the Issuer or an agent selected by the Issuer shall request if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate by leading banks in if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have

--- Page 107 ---
104 
 
been used for the Reference Rate, at which if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to 
leading banks in if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate 
of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place 
of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(B) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than 
the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided, however, that if there is no 
rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then 
the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate. 
“Applicable Maturity” means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(C) 
Replacement Reference Rate Determination for Discontinued Reference Rate 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 4(c), if the Fiscal Agent or the 
Issuer determines at any time prior to, on or following any Interest Determination Date, 
discontinued a Benchmark Event has occurred, the Issuer will, as soon as reasonably 
practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant Interest Determination Date), 
appoint an agent ("Rate Determination Agent"), which will determine in its sole discretion, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, whether a substitute or 
successor rate for purposes of determining the relevant Reference Rate on each Interest 
Determination Date falling on such date or thereafter that is substantially comparable to 
the Reference Rate is available or a successor rate that has been recommended or selected 
by the monetary authority or similar authority (or working group thereof) in the 
jurisdiction of the applicable currency. If the Rate Determination Agent determines that 
there is an industry-accepted successor rate, the Rate Determination Agent will use such 
successor rate to determine the relevant Reference Rate. If the Rate Determination Agent 
has determined a substitute or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate, 
the "Replacement Reference Rate") for purposes of determining the Reference Rate on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date falling on or after such determination, (A) the 
Rate Determination Agent will also determine changes (if any) to the business day 
convention, the definition of business day, the interest determination date, the day count

--- Page 108 ---
105 
 
fraction and any method for calculating the Replacement Reference Rate, including any 
adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the 
relevant Reference Rate, in each case in a manner that is consistent with industry-accepted 
practices for such Replacement Reference Rate; (B) references to the Reference Rate in 
these Conditions applicable to the relevant Floating Rate Subordinated Note will be 
deemed to be references to the relevant Replacement Reference Rate, including any 
alternative method for determining such rate as described in (A) above; (C) the Rate 
Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of the foregoing as soon as reasonably 
practicable; and (D) the Issuer will give notice as soon as reasonably practicable to the 
Subordinated Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices)) and the Fiscal 
Agent specifying the Replacement Reference Rate, as well as the details described in (A) 
above. 
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters referred to 
above by the Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, and will apply to the relevant Subordinated Notes 
without any requirement that the Issuer obtains consent of any Subordinated Noteholders. 
If the Rate Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute 
Replacement Reference Rate, then the Reference Rate will be equal to the Reference Rate 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Accrual Period. 
For the avoidance of doubt, each Subordinated Noteholder shall be deemed to have 
accepted the Replacement Reference Rate or such other changes pursuant to this 
Condition 4(c)(iii)(D).  
The Rate Determination Agent will be (A) a major bank or broker-dealer in a principal 
financial center of the European Union or the United Kingdom as appointed by the Issuer; 
or (B), if it is not reasonably practicable to appoint a party as referred to under (A), the 
Issuer. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(c)(iii)(D), no Replacement 
Reference Rate will be adopted and no other amendment to the terms of the Subordinated 
Notes will be made, if and to the extent that in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to impact upon the eligibility of the Subordinated Notes for 
eligibility as Tier 2 Notes or Tier 3 Notes, as the case may be. 
Any amendment to the Conditions pursuant to this Condition 4(c)(iii)(D) is subject to the 
prior written permission of the Relevant Supervisory Authority (provided that, at the 
relevant time, such permission is required to be given). 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Subordinated Notes: Where a Subordinated Note the Interest Basis of which is specified 
to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and 
payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Subordinated Note. 
As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Subordinated Note 
shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in 
Condition 6(b)(i). 
(e) 
Accrual of interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Subordinated Note on the due date for 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event 
interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner 
provided in this Condition 4 and, if applicable, Condition 5(b) to the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 8).

--- Page 109 ---
106 
 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest 
Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the 
Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in 
accordance with Condition 4(c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute 
value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph, Condition 
4(f)(ii). 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is 
specified hereon, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount shall be 
subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage point 
being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (provided that, if 
the eighth significant figure is a 5 or greater, the seventh significant shall be rounded up) and (z) 
all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with half a unit being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded 
down to the nearest yen. For these purposes, “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(g) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Subordinated 
Note for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation 
Amount specified hereon, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest 
Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the 
amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Subordinated Note for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such 
formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of 
interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest 
Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for 
which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count 
Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts: 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, 
determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate 
the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Instalment 
Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause 
the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of 
the Subordinated Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the 
Subordinated Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant 
authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if

--- Page 110 ---
107 
 
determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any 
Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 4(c)(ii), the 
Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Subordinated Notes become due and payable under 
Condition 10, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Subordinated Notes 
shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no 
publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination 
of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or 
calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon 
all parties. 
(i) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
“Benchmark Event” means:  
1. 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or be administered; or  
2. 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling 
six months prior to the specified date referred to in (2)(i) above; or  
3. 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
4. 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified 
date referred to in (4)(i) above; or 
5. 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or 
before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to 
in (5)(i) above; or 
6. 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or may no longer 
be used; or 
7. 
it has, or will prior to the next Reset Determination Date, become unlawful for the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any other party to calculate any payments due to be made 
to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate. 
Provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (2), (3) 
and (4) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (5) 
above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph

--- Page 111 ---
108 
 
(6) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be 
deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and 
which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public 
statement. 
“Business Day” means: 
1. 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre 
for such currency; and/or 
2. 
in the case of euro, a day on which T2 is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”); and/or 
3. 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business 
Centres. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Subordinated 
Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
1. 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
2. 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
3. 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
4. 
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360; 
5. 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 112 ---
109 
 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30. 
6. 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
7. 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 113 ---
110 
 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
8. 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon, 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it falls, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; and 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date.  
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, the 
Interest Payment Date(s). 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
"First Reset Rate" means the sum of the Reset Margin (as specified hereon) and the Mid-Swap 
Rate for the First Reset Period. 
"Fixed Reset Rate Relevant Screen Page" means the display page on the relevant service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) as specified hereon or such other page as may replace it 
on that information service, or on such other equivalent information service as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, for the purpose of displaying the relevant swap rates for swap transactions in 
the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset Period. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on and including an Interest Period Date and ending on but excluding 
the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
1. 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Subordinated 
Notes or Fixed Rate Reset Subordinated Notes, and unless otherwise specified hereon, shall 
mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being payable on 
the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period 
forms part; and

--- Page 114 ---
111 
 
2. 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for 
that period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
hereon. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for 
the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to 
the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on and including an Interest Payment Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon. 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing on that 
Reset Date, the rate for the Reset Date of, in the case of semi-annual or annual Interest Payment 
Dates, the semi-annual or annual swap rate, respectively (with such semi-annual swap rate to be 
converted to a quarterly rate in accordance with market convention, in the case of quarterly Interest 
Payment Dates) for swap transactions in the Specified Currency maturing on the last day of such 
Reset Period, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Fixed Reset Rate Relevant Screen 
Page as of approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on 
such Reset Determination Date. If such rate does not appear on the Fixed Reset Rate Relevant 
Screen Page, the Mid-Swap Rate for the Reset Date will be the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the 
Reset Period. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Subordinated Notes. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this 
Subordinated Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions 
hereon. 
“Reference Banks” means in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, and in the case of determination the 
Reset Reference Bank Rate, five leading swap dealers in the interbank market for swap transactions 
in the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset Period, in each case selected by 
the Calculation Agent or as specified hereon. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement page, section, 
caption, column or other part of a particular information service). 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date, 
as applicable. 
"Reset Determination Date" means the date specified hereon.

--- Page 115 ---
112 
 
"Reset Determination Time" means the time specified hereon. 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be. 
"Reset Reference Bank Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing 
on that Reset Date, a percentage equal to the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage and 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.0001 per cent. (0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) 
of the quotations provided by the Reference Banks of the rates at which swaps in the Specified 
Currency are offered by it at approximately the Reset Determination Time on the Reset 
Determination Date to participants in the swap market for the Specified Currency with an 
equivalent maturity to the Reset Period all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If at least three 
quotations are provided, the rate for the Reset Date will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two quotations are provided, it 
will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, it will be 
the quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the Mid-Swap Rate will be the Mid-Swap 
Rate for the immediately preceding Reset Period or, if none, the Initial Mid-Swap Rate. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the 
currency in which the Subordinated Notes are denominated. 
"Subsequent Reset Rate" means the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the Reset Margin 
as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date. 
“T2” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 
or any successor or replacement for that system (T2) is open. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Subordinated Note is outstanding (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of 
the Subordinated Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as 
each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent 
is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest 
for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply 
with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in 
the inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is 
most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting 
through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such 
in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed 
as aforesaid. 
5 
Deferral of interest payments and Arrears of Interest 
(a) 
Deferral of interest payments 
(i) 
Optional Deferral of Interest Payments: If so specified hereon, the Issuer may elect in respect 
of any Optional Interest Deferral Date by notice to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 5(c) 
below, to defer payment of all (but not some only) of the interest accrued to that date and the 
Issuer shall not have any obligation to make such payment on that date.  
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the deferral of any payment of interest 
on an Optional Interest Deferral Date in accordance with this Condition 5(a)(i) will not constitute

--- Page 116 ---
113 
 
a default by the Issuer and will not give the Noteholders any right to accelerate the Subordinated 
Notes. 
(ii) 
Mandatory Deferral of Interest Payments: In addition to the right of the Issuer to defer 
payment of interest in accordance with Condition 5(a)(i), if so specified hereon, payments of 
interest on the Subordinated Notes will be mandatorily deferred on each Mandatory Interest 
Deferral Date and the Issuer shall not have any obligation to make such payment on that date. 
The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders of any Mandatory Interest Deferral Date in accordance 
with Condition 5(c).  
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the deferral of any payment of interest 
on a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date in accordance with this Condition 5(a)(ii) will not 
constitute a default by the Issuer and will not give the Noteholders any right to accelerate the 
Subordinated Notes.  
(b) 
Arrears of Interest 
Any interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes not paid on an Interest Payment Date, together with 
any other interest in respect thereof not paid on any earlier Interest Payment Date shall, so long as the 
same remains unpaid, constitute “Arrears of Interest”. For the avoidance of doubt, Arrears of Interest 
shall not themselves bear interest. 
Any Arrears of Interest and any other amount, payment of which is deferred in accordance with 
Conditions 5(a)(i) or 5(a)(ii), may be paid in whole or in part at any time upon the expiry of not less than 
14 days' notice to such effect given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, 
provided that the following conditions are met: 
(a) 
no Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing; and 
(b) 
any notifications to the Relevant Supervisory Authority have been made or consent from the 
Relevant Supervisory Authority has been obtained, as the case may be, in either case if required 
under the Capital Adequacy Regulations. 
Arrears of Interest will become immediately due and payable in whole (and not in part) upon the earliest 
of the following dates: 
(i) 
the date fixed for any redemption, purchase or substitution, or variation of the terms, of the 
Subordinated Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 6 or Condition 10; or 
(ii) 
the date on which an order is made or a resolution is passed for the liquidation of the Issuer (other 
than a solvent winding-up solely for the purpose of a reconstruction or amalgamation or the 
substitution in place of the Issuer of a successor in business of the Issuer, the terms of which 
reconstruction, amalgamation or substitution (A) have previously been approved in writing by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders and (B) do not provide that the Subordinated Notes 
shall thereby become payable); or  
(iii) 
if so specified hereon as being applicable, the date on which a Compulsory Interest Payment 
Event occurs, provided that no Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing; or 
(iv) 
if so specified hereon as being applicable, the next Interest Payment Date which is not a 
Mandatory Interest Deferral Date,  
in the case of paragraph (i), (iii) and (iv) above, provided that any notifications to the Relevant 
Supervisory Authority have been made or consent from the Relevant Supervisory Authority has been

--- Page 117 ---
114 
 
obtained, as the case may be, in either case if required under the Capital Adequacy Regulations. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if notice is given by the Issuer of its intention to pay the whole or part 
of Arrears of Interest and any other amount in respect of or arising under the Subordinated Notes, the 
Issuer shall be obliged to do so upon expiration of such notice, subject to no Mandatory Deferral Event 
having occurred and being continuing upon such expiration. Where Arrears of Interest are paid in part, 
each part payment shall be applied in payment of the Arrears of Interest accrued due in respect of the 
relative Interest Payment Date (or consecutive Interest Payment Dates) furthest from the date of 
payment. 
(c) 
Deferral Notice 
The Issuer shall notify the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders as soon 
as practicable and in any event not less than 14 days prior to an Interest Payment Date: 
(i) 
if that Interest Payment Date is an Optional Interest Deferral Date in respect of which the Issuer 
elects to defer interest as provided in Condition 5(a)(i) above, and specifying the same; and 
(ii) 
if that Interest Payment Date is a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date and specifying that interest 
will not be paid because a Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing, provided 
that if a Mandatory Deferral Event occurs less than 14 days prior to an Interest Payment Date, 
the Issuer shall give notice of the interest deferral that is required pursuant to Condition 5(a)(ii) 
above in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as reasonably practicable following the 
occurrence of such event. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption: 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 6, subject to 
Condition 6(l), each Subordinated Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment 
Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount 
specified hereon. The outstanding nominal amount of each such Subordinated Note shall be 
reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a 
proportion of the nominal amount of such Subordinated Note, such proportion) for all purposes 
with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case such amount shall remain outstanding until the 
Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(ii) 
The Subordinated Notes are dated or undated instruments, as specified hereon. 
(iii) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each dated 
Subordinated Note shall, subject to Condition 6(l), be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date 
specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its 
nominal amount) or, in the case of a Subordinated Note falling within paragraph (i) above, its 
final Instalment Amount. 
(iv) 
The undated Subordinated Notes are perpetual securities in respect of which there is no fixed 
redemption date and the Issuer shall (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 and without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10) only have the right to repay, redeem, convert, 
exchange, substitute or purchase them, or vary their terms, in accordance with the following 
provisions of this Condition 6. 
(b) 
Early Redemption:

--- Page 118 ---
115 
 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Subordinated Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Subordinated Note 
upon redemption of such Subordinated Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d), 
Condition 6(e), Condition 6(f), Condition 6(g) or Condition 6(h) or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 10 shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated 
as provided below) of such Subordinated Note unless otherwise specified hereon. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any 
such Subordinated Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such 
Subordinated Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such 
rate as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the 
Subordinated Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) 
compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Subordinated Note upon 
its redemption pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d), Condition 6(e), Condition 6(f), 
Condition 6(g) or Condition 6(h) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 10 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in 
respect of such Subordinated Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as 
defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as 
though the date on which the Subordinated Note becomes due and payable were the 
Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this 
sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the 
Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case 
the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such 
Subordinated Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in 
accordance with Condition 4(d). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon. 
(ii) 
Other Subordinated Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any 
Subordinated Note (other than Subordinated Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of 
such Subordinated Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d), Condition 6(e), Condition 
6(f), Condition 6(g) or Condition 6(h) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 10, shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified hereon. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, subject to 
Condition 6(l), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders 
(or such other notice period as may be specified hereon), redeem all or, if so provided, some of the 
Subordinated Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Subordinated Notes 
shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified hereon (which may be the Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above)), together with Arrears of Interest and interest accrued 
to the date fixed for redemption. Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject 
to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, 
the Optional Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be 
satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such 
notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or 
waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional

--- Page 119 ---
116 
 
Redemption Date so delayed. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Subordinated Notes of a 
nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon 
and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon. 
All Subordinated Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition 6. 
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers of 
the Bearer Subordinated Notes, or in the case of Registered Subordinated Notes shall specify the nominal 
amount of Registered Subordinated Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Subordinated 
Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair 
and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements. 
(d) 
Redemption for taxation purposes: If Tax Event is specified hereon, if prior to the giving of the notice 
referred to below, a Tax Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, at any time and 
subject to Condition 6(l), having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable, subject to 
such notice becoming void in accordance with Condition 6(l)), redeem, in accordance with this 
Condition, all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at the Early Redemption Amount together 
with any Arrears of Interest and any further interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption in 
accordance with these Conditions. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(d) the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by the Issuer, represented by at least one member of the 
Executive Board, and an opinion from a recognised tax adviser of international standing, stating that a 
Tax Event has occurred and is continuing as at the date of the certificate or opinion.  
(e) 
Issuer Clean-up Call: Unless the Issuer has at any time notified the Noteholders that it is exercising the 
Issuer Make-Whole Call set out Condition 6(f) below in respect of the Subordinated Notes, if Issuer 
Clean-up Call is specified hereon and, at any time, the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes is equal to or less than the percentage specified hereon of the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Series issued, the Issuer may on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon), redeem all of the 
Subordinated Notes then outstanding on the date specified in such notice.  
Any such redemption of Subordinated Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified 
hereon (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above)), together 
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
(f) 
Issuer Make-Whole Call: If Issuer Make-Whole Call is specified hereon, the Issuer may, subject to 
Condition 6(l), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders 
(or such other notice period as may be specified hereon), which notice shall be irrevocable, subject to 
such notice becoming void in accordance with Condition 6(l), and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption (each such date, a “Make-Whole Redemption Date”) redeem all of the Subordinated Notes 
at any time from the date specified hereon until their Maturity Date or, if Call Option is specified hereon, 
to the next Optional Redemption Date at their relevant Make-Whole Redemption Amount. Any such 
notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in 
which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Make-Whole Redemption Date may 
be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its 
sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that

--- Page 120 ---
117 
 
any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by 
the Make-Whole Redemption Date, or by the Make-Whole Redemption Date so delayed. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Quotation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding upon all parties. 
“Calculation Date” means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 4 above) prior to the Make-
Whole Redemption Date. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Amount” means the sum of: 
(i) 
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of the Subordinated Notes so redeemed and (y) 
the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest 
on such Subordinated Notes to maturity or, if Call Option is specified hereon, to the next 
Optional Redemption Date (excluding any interest accruing on the Subordinated Notes to, but 
excluding, the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Date on either an annual, a semi-annual or a quarterly basis (as specified hereon) 
at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin; and 
(ii) 
any interest accrued but not paid on the Subordinated Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date, 
as determined by the Quotation Agent and as notified on the Calculation Date by the Quotation Agent 
to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and such other parties as may be specified hereon. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Margin” means the margin specified as such hereon. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Rate” means the average of the number of quotations given by the Reference 
Dealers of the mid-market yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the third Business Day 
preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central European Time (“CET”)). 
“Quotation Agent” means any Dealer or any other international credit institution or financial services 
institution appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of determining the Make-Whole Redemption Amount, 
in each case as such Quotation Agent is identified hereon. 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the banks, as specified hereon, selected by the Quotation Agent, 
which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
“Reference Security” means the security specified as such hereon. If a Reference Security is no longer 
outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Quotation Agent at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the 
Calculation Date, quoted in writing by the Quotation Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices). 
“Similar Security” means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the Reference 
Security having actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Subordinated 
Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, 
in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the 
Subordinated Notes. 
(g) 
Redemption for regulatory reasons: If Regulatory Event is specified hereon, if, prior to the giving of 
the notice referred to below, a Capital Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, then the 
Issuer may, at any time and subject to Condition 6(l), having given not less than 30 nor more than 60

--- Page 121 ---
118 
 
days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable, subject to such notice becoming void in accordance with Condition 6(l)), redeem, 
in accordance with this Condition, all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with any Arrears of Interest and any further interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption in accordance with these Conditions. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(g) the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by the Issuer, represented by at least one member of the 
Executive Board, stating that a Capital Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing as at the 
date of the certificate.  
(h) 
Redemption for rating reasons: If Rating Methodology Event is specified hereon, if, prior to the giving 
of the notice referred to below, the Issuer determines that a Rating Methodology Event has occurred and 
is continuing with respect to the Subordinated Notes, then the Issuer may, at any time and subject to 
Condition 6(l), having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable, subject to such notice 
becoming void in accordance with Condition 6(l)), redeem, in accordance with this Condition, all, but 
not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any Arrears 
of Interest and any further interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption in accordance with 
these Conditions.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption under this Condition 6(h) the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by the Issuer, represented by at least one member of the Executive 
Board, stating that a Rating Methodology Event has occurred and is continuing as at the date of the 
certificate. 
(i) 
Substitution or variation: If any of the events described in Condition 6(d), 6(g) or 6(h) is specified 
hereon as being applicable and the relevant event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, 
subject to Condition 6(l), (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders) and 
subject to having satisfied the Fiscal Agent immediately prior to the giving of such notice referred to 
herein that the provisions of this Condition 6(i) have been complied with and having given not less than 
seven days' written notice to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), at any time either substitute all (but not some only) of the 
Subordinated Notes for, or vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, Qualifying Securities. In connection therewith, all Arrears of Interest (if any) will 
be paid as required by Condition 5(b) and as further set out below in this Condition 6(i).  
Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall either vary the terms of, or substitute, the Subordinated 
Notes in accordance with this Condition 6(i), as the case may be.  
As used herein, Qualifying Securities means securities: 
(i) 
having terms (including terms providing for deferral of payment of interest and/or principal) that 
are not materially less favourable to an investor than the terms of the Subordinated Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with an independent investment bank, 
consulting firm or comparable expert of international standing on the subject and provided that a 
certification to such effect of the Issuer, represented by at least one member of the Executive 
Board, shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent prior to the issue of the relevant securities 
or them otherwise becoming obligations of the Issuer);  
(ii) 
issued by or otherwise being obligations of the Issuer or another member of NN with a guarantee 
by the Issuer, such that investors have the same material rights and claims as under the

--- Page 122 ---
119 
 
Subordinated Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer, and provided that a certification to 
such effect of the Issuer, represented by at least one member of the Executive Board, shall have 
been delivered to the Fiscal Agent prior to the issue of the relevant securities or them otherwise 
becoming obligations of the Issuer);  
(iii) 
ranking at least equal to the Subordinated Notes (immediately prior to the substitution or 
variation), provided that in the insolvency (bankruptcy (faillissement) or moratorium (surseance 
van betaling)), dissolution (ontbinding) or liquidation (vereffening) of the relevant issuer, the 
payment obligations of such issuer shall rank in right of payment after unsubordinated and 
unsecured creditors of such issuer, but pari passu with all subordinated obligations of such issuer 
save for those preferred by mandatory provisions of law and those that rank or are expressed by 
their terms to rank junior or senior to such securities, and in priority to the claims of shareholders 
of such issuer, and featuring the same principal amount, interest rate (including applicable 
margins and step-up), interest payment dates and optional redemption dates as the Subordinated 
Notes; 
(iv) 
containing terms which preserve the obligations (including the obligations arising from the 
exercise of any right) of the Issuer as to redemption of the Subordinated Notes, including (without 
limitation) as to the timing of, and amounts payable on, such redemption;  
(v) 
which do not contain any terms providing for loss absorption through principal write-down or 
conversion to shares;  
(vi) 
listed on a regulated market in the European Economic Area, if the Subordinated Notes were 
listed prior to such substitution or variation; and 
(vii) 
admitted to, and traded in, the same clearing system or clearing systems as the Subordinated 
Notes were. 
In addition, any substitution or variation is subject to (A) all interest amounts, including Arrears of 
Interest, and any other amount payable under the Subordinated Notes which in each case has accrued to 
Noteholders and has not been paid, being satisfied in full on or prior to the date thereof, (B) compliance 
with Condition 6(l), (c) the substitution or variation not itself giving rise to a negative change in any 
published rating of the Subordinated Notes in effect at such time as confirmed in writing by any rating 
organisations that have given such published rating of the Subordinated Notes previously, (d) the 
substitution or variation not triggering the right on the part of the Issuer to redeem the Subordinated 
Notes pursuant to Condition 6(d), 6(g) or 6(h), and (e) certification by the Issuer, represented by at least 
one member of the Executive Board, that the securities in question are "Qualifying Securities" in 
accordance with the definition set out above and that the conditions set out above have been complied 
with, which certificate shall be delivered to the Fiscal Agent prior to the substitution or variation of the 
Subordinated Notes and upon which certificate the Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to rely absolutely 
without liability to any person. 
In connection with any substitution or variation as described above, the Issuer will comply with the rules 
of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Subordinated Notes are then listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(j) 
Purchases: Subject to Condition 6(l), the Issuer and its Subsidiaries as defined in the Agency Agreement 
may at any time purchase Subordinated Notes (provided that all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market 
or otherwise at any price.

--- Page 123 ---
120 
 
(k) 
Cancellation: All Subordinated Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries 
may be surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Subordinated Notes, by surrendering each 
such Subordinated Note together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons 
to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of Registered Subordinated Notes, by surrendering the Certificate 
representing such Subordinated Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered, shall, together 
with all Subordinated Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any 
Subordinated Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of 
the Issuer in respect of any such Subordinated Notes shall be discharged. 
(l) 
Conditions to redemption, substitution, variation or purchase of Subordinated Notes: So long as 
the Issuer is subject to Capital Adequacy Regulations:  
(i) 
any redemption or purchase pursuant to this Condition 6 may only be made provided no 
Mandatory Deferral Event has occurred and is continuing at the time of such redemption or 
purchase, and principal, premium, interest or any other amount shall only be due and payable in 
respect of or arising from the Subordinated Notes provided no Mandatory Deferral Event has 
occurred and is continuing and the Issuer could make such payment without a Mandatory Deferral 
Event occurring, except where Condition 3(b) applies, in which case the holder shall have a 
subordinated claim as set out therein; 
(ii) 
any redemption or purchase pursuant to this Condition 6 may only be made provided no Insolvent 
Insurer Liquidation has occurred and is continuing on the relevant redemption date or purchase 
date; and 
(iii) 
any redemption, substitution, variation or purchase of the Subordinated Notes is subject to (A) 
the prior consent of the Relevant Supervisory Authority if required under the Capital Adequacy 
Regulations and (B) compliance with the Capital Adequacy Regulations. 
A redemption or purchase pursuant to Condition 6(d), 6(e), 6(g), 6(h) or 6(j) that is within five years 
from the Issue Date, or if applicable, the issue date of the last tranche of any Further Subordinated Notes 
(whichever is the later) may only be made if (A) such redemption or purchase shall be in exchange for 
or funded out of the proceeds of a new issuance of capital of at least the same quality as the Subordinated 
Notes or (B): 
(a) 
the Relevant Supervisory Authority has confirmed to the Issuer that it is satisfied that the Solvency 
Capital Requirement, after the redemption or purchase, will be exceeded by an appropriate margin 
taking into account the solvency position of the Issuer including the Issuer’s medium-term capital 
management plan as provided in the Capital Adequacy Regulations; and 
either 
(b) 
a Capital Disqualification Event has occurred, and both of the following conditions are met:  
(i) 
the Relevant Supervisory Authority considers the negative impact on the classification of 
the Subordinated Notes as described in the definition of Capital Disqualification Event to 
be sufficiently certain;  
(ii) 
the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Supervisory Authority that the 
occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event was not reasonably foreseeable at the time 
of issuance of the Notes; or

--- Page 124 ---
121 
 
(c) 
a Tax Event has occurred which the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant 
Supervisory Authority is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of issuance of the 
Subordinated Notes, 
in each case, if the Capital Adequacy Regulations make a redemption or purchase conditional thereon. 
Should a Mandatory Deferral Event occur after a notice for redemption or purchase has been given to 
the Noteholders but prior to the date fixed for redemption or purchase, such redemption or purchase 
notice shall become void and notice thereof shall be given promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders.  
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Subordinated Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Subordinated Notes 
shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts 
(in the case of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided 
that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative Subordinated Note), Subordinated 
Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 
7(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)), as the case may be, 
at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant 
currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency 
with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of 
euro, in a city in which banks have access to T2. 
(b) 
Registered Subordinated Notes: 
(i) 
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 7(b) shall include final Instalment 
Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of Registered Subordinated Notes shall be 
made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any 
of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest (which for the purpose of this Condition 7(b) shall include all Instalment Amounts other 
than final Instalment Amounts) on Registered Subordinated Notes shall be paid to the person 
shown on the Register at the close of business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment 
thereof (the “Record Date”). Payments of interest on each Registered Subordinated Note shall be 
made in the relevant currency by cheque drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the 
first-named of joint holders) of such Subordinated Note at its address appearing in the Register. 
Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent 
before the Record Date, such payment of interest may be made by transfer to an account in the 
relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Subordinated Notes are 
denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Subordinated Notes in the manner 
provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and 
(iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer.

--- Page 125 ---
122 
 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, 
regulations and directives in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 
8. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and 
the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed 
below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent(s) 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for 
or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the 
Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered 
Subordinated Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Subordinated Notes, (iv) one or more 
Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at 
least two major European cities and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other stock 
exchange on which the Subordinated Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Bearer 
Subordinated Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Subordinated Notes which comprise Fixed Rate 
Subordinated Notes, those Subordinated Notes should be surrendered for payment together with 
all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value 
of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid 
bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any 
amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such 
missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Subordinated Note comprising a Fixed Rate 
Reset Subordinated Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Subordinated Note (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Subordinated Note comprising a Floating Rate 
Subordinated Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Subordinated Note (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Subordinated Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Subordinated Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon 
shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(v) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Subordinated Note that is redeemable in 
instalments, all Receipts relating to such Subordinated Note having an Instalment Date falling on 
or after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made 
in respect of them.

--- Page 126 ---
123 
 
(vi) 
Where any Bearer Subordinated Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Subordinated Notes is presented for 
redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Subordinated Note is 
presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made 
only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(vii) 
If the due date for redemption of any Subordinated Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and 
surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Subordinated Note or Certificate representing it, 
as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Subordinated Note that only bears interest after its 
Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Subordinated Note against presentation of 
the relevant Subordinated Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Bearer Subordinated Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if 
necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become 
void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Subordinated Note, Receipt or Coupon 
is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day 
nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open 
for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial 
Centres” hereon and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Subordinated Notes, the 
Receipts and the Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by the Netherlands or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts in respect of payments 
of interest only, but not in respect of principal, as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Subordinated Note, 
Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Subordinated Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason 
of his having some connection with the Netherlands other than the mere holding of the Subordinated 
Note, Receipt or Coupon; or

--- Page 127 ---
124 
 
(b) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented (or in respect of which the 
Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to 
the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for 
payment on the thirtieth such day; or 
(c) 
Payment by another Paying Agent: (except in the case of Registered Subordinated Notes) presented 
for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid such withholding or 
deduction by presenting the relevant Subordinated Note, Receipt or Coupon to another Paying Agent in 
a Member State of the European Union; or 
(d) 
Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021: where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant 
to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021).  
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Subordinated Note, Receipt or Coupon means 
the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is 
improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if 
earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further 
presentation of the Subordinated Note (or relative Certificate), Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance 
with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of 
the Subordinated Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, 
Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include 
all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Conditions 4 and 5 or any amendment or 
supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that 
may be payable under this Condition.  
Condition relating to FATCA 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer shall be permitted to withhold or deduct 
any amounts imposed or required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any 
agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or 
practices adopted pursuant to any IGA entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of 
the Code (or any law implementing such an IGA) (a “FATCA Withholding Tax”), and the Issuer will have no 
obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify a holder/an investor on account of any FATCA 
Withholding Tax deducted or withheld by the Issuer, any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any other party. 
9 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Subordinated Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for 
this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within five years from 
the date on which such payment first became due. 
10 
Events of Default 
The holder of any Subordinated Note may give written notice to the Issuer that such Subordinated Note is, and 
such Subordinated Note shall accordingly immediately become, due and repayable at its principal amount, 
together with interest accrued to the date of repayment (including Arrears of Interest) in the case of the 
liquidation of the Issuer (an “Event of Default”). Liquidation may occur as a result of the winding-up of the 
Issuer (ontbinding en vereffening), bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer or the suspension of payments 
(surseance van betaling) being applied to the Issuer, if that constitutes a liquidation.

--- Page 128 ---
125 
 
11 
Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening both physical and 
virtual meetings of Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning 
by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of a modification of any of these 
Conditions. Such a meeting may be convened by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting 
convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing 
a clear majority in nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount 
of the Subordinated Notes held or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes 
consideration of proposals, inter alia (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the 
Subordinated Notes, any Instalment Date or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the 
Subordinated Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any Instalment Amount of, or any 
premium payable on redemption of, the Subordinated Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount 
of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Subordinated Notes, (iv) if 
a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is shown 
hereon, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, 
calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption 
Amount, including the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or 
currencies of payment or denomination of the Subordinated Notes or (vii) to modify the provisions 
concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass the 
Extraordinary Resolution, in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding or 
representing not less than 75 per cent. or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Subordinated Notes for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly 
passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such 
resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be 
as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened 
and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
These Conditions may be amended, modified or varied in relation to any Series of Subordinated Notes 
by the terms of the relevant Final Terms in relation to such Series. 
(b) 
Modification of Agency Agreement: The Agent and the Issuer may, and the Noteholders hereby agree 
that the Agent and the Issuer may, without any further consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders 
being required, agree to: 
(i) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Agency Agreement which, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Subordinated Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of 
a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply 
with mandatory provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as practicable 
thereafter.

--- Page 129 ---
126 
 
12 
Substitution 
(a) 
The Issuer may, and the Noteholders hereby irrevocably agree in advance that the Issuer may, without 
any further consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders being required, when no payment of principal 
of or interest on any of the Subordinated Notes is in default and after consent of the Relevant Supervisory 
Authority has been obtained if required under the Capital Adequacy Regulations, be replaced and 
substituted by any directly or indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Issuer (the “Substituted Debtor”) 
as principal debtor in respect of the Subordinated Notes and the relative Coupons, provided that: 
(i) 
such documents shall be executed by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer as may be necessary 
to give full effect to the substitution (together the “Documents”) and (without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall undertake in favour 
of each Noteholder and Couponholder to be bound by the Conditions and the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement as fully as if the Substituted Debtor had been named in the Subordinated 
Notes, and the relative Coupons, the Agency Agreement as the principal debtor in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes and the relative Coupons in place of the Issuer and pursuant to which the 
Issuer shall guarantee, which guarantee shall be unconditional and irrevocable, (the “Guarantee”) 
in favour of each Noteholder and each holder of the relative Coupons the payment of all sums 
payable in respect of the Subordinated Notes and the relative Coupons; 
(ii) 
the Documents shall contain a covenant by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer to indemnify 
and hold harmless each Noteholder and Couponholder against all liabilities, costs, charges and 
expenses (provided that, insofar as the liabilities, costs, charges and expenses are taxes or duties, 
the same arise by reason of a law or regulation having legal effect or being in reasonable 
contemplation thereof on the date such substitution becomes effective) which may be incurred by 
or levied against such holder as a result of any substitution pursuant to this Condition and which 
would not have been so incurred or levied had such substitution not been made (and, without 
limiting the foregoing, such liabilities, costs, charges and expenses shall include any and all taxes 
or duties which are imposed on any such Noteholder or Couponholder by any political 
subdivision or taxing authority of any country in which such Noteholder or Couponholder resides 
or is subject to any such tax or duty and which would not have been so imposed had such 
substitution not been made); 
(iii) 
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Debtor and the 
Issuer (a) that each of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution and the performance 
of its obligations under the Documents, and that all such approvals and consents are in full force 
and effect and (b) that the obligations assumed by each of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer 
under the Documents are all valid and binding in accordance with their respective terms and 
enforceable by each Noteholder; 
(iv) 
each stock exchange which has Subordinated Notes listed thereon shall have confirmed that, 
following the proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor, such Subordinated Notes would 
continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(v) 
the Substituted Debtor shall have delivered to the Fiscal Agent or procured the delivery to the 
Fiscal Agent of a legal opinion from a leading firm of local lawyers acting for the Substituted 
Debtor to the effect that the Documents constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the 
Substituted Debtor, such opinion to be dated not more than three days prior to the date of 
substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by 
Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent;

--- Page 130 ---
127 
 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Fiscal Agent or procured the delivery to the Fiscal Agent of 
a legal opinion from the internal legal adviser to the Issuer to the effect that the Documents 
(including the Guarantee) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Issuer, such 
opinion to be dated not more than three days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted 
Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by Subordinated Noteholders and 
Couponholders at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Fiscal Agent or procured the delivery to the Fiscal Agent of 
a legal opinion from a leading firm of Dutch lawyers to the effect that the Documents (including 
the Guarantee) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substituted Debtor and the 
Issuer under Dutch law, such opinion to be dated not more than three days prior to the date of 
substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by 
Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
(b) 
In connection with any substitution effected pursuant to this Condition, neither the Issuer nor the 
Substituted Debtor need have any regard to the consequences of any such substitution for individual 
Noteholders or Couponholders resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or 
otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory and no Noteholder or 
Couponholder, except as provided in Condition 12(a)(ii), shall be entitled to claim from the Issuer or 
any Substituted Debtor under the Subordinated Notes and the relative Coupons any indemnification or 
payment in respect of any tax or other consequences arising from such substitution. 
(c) 
The documents in relation to the substitution shall provide for such further amendment of these 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes as shall be necessary or desirable to ensure that the Subordinated 
Notes of such Series constitute subordinated obligations of the Substituted Debtor and that the Guarantee 
constitutes a subordinated obligation of the Issuer, subordinated to no greater extent than the Issuer's 
obligations prior to its substitution to make payments of principal in respect of the Subordinated Notes 
of such Series under Condition 3. 
(d) 
The Issuer shall be entitled, after consent from the Relevant Supervisory Authority has been obtained if 
required under the Capital Adequacy Regulations, by notice to the Noteholders given in accordance with 
Condition 15, at any time to effect a substitution which does not comply with this Condition 12, provided 
that the terms of such substitution have been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution or to waive all 
and any rights to effect a substitution of the principal debtor pursuant to this Condition 12. Any such 
notice of waiver shall be irrevocable. 
(e) 
Upon the execution of the Documents as referred to in paragraph (a) above, and subject to the notification 
as referred to in paragraph (g) below having been given, the Substituted Debtor shall be deemed to be 
named in the Subordinated Notes and the relative Coupons as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer 
and the Subordinated Notes and the relative Coupons shall thereupon be deemed to be amended to give 
effect to the substitution. The execution of the Documents shall operate to release the Issuer as issuer 
from all of its obligations as principal debtor in respect of the Subordinated Notes and the relative 
Coupons, save that any claims under the Subordinated Notes and the relative Coupons prior to release 
shall ensure for the benefit of Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(f) 
The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Fiscal Agent for so long as any Subordinated 
Notes or Coupons remain outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the Substituted Debtor 
by any Noteholder or Couponholder in relation to the Subordinated Notes or the relative Coupons or the 
Documents shall not have been finally adjudicated, settled or discharged. The Substituted Debtor and 
the Issuer shall acknowledge in the Documents the right of every Noteholder and Couponholder to the

--- Page 131 ---
128 
 
production of the Documents for the enforcement of any of the Subordinated Notes or the relative 
Coupons or the Documents. 
(g) 
Not later than 15 business days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor shall give 
notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
13 
Replacement of Subordinated Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If a Subordinated Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority 
regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Subordinated Notes, Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer 
Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of 
whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, 
inter alia, that, if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Subordinated Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or 
Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there 
shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Subordinated Notes, 
Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or 
defaced Subordinated Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
14 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Subordinated Notes (so that, for the avoidance of 
doubt, references in these Conditions to “Issue Date” shall be to the first issue date of the Subordinated Notes) 
and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with such Subordinated Notes, and references 
in these Conditions to “Subordinated Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
15 
Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Subordinated Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses 
in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices to the holders of Bearer Subordinated Notes shall be valid if published 
in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the Netherlands (which is expected to be Het Financieele 
Dagblad). So long as the Subordinated Notes are listed on any stock exchange, notices to holders of the 
Subordinated Notes shall also be made as required under the rules of such stock exchange. If any such 
publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily English 
language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given 
on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first 
publication as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders 
of Bearer Subordinated Notes in accordance with this Condition 15. 
16 
Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the relevant 
Subordinated Note, Coupon or Receipt is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or 
order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by

--- Page 132 ---
129 
 
any Noteholder or Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only 
constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent of the amount in the currency of payment under the relevant 
Subordinated Note, Coupon or Receipt that the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or 
recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that 
purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If the amount received or recovered 
is less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Subordinated Note, Coupon or Receipt, 
the Issuer. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. 
For the purposes of this Condition 15, it shall be sufficient for the Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may 
be, to demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities 
constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise to a separate 
and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Noteholder or 
Couponholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for 
a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Subordinated Note, Coupon or Receipt or any other 
judgment or order. 
17 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Agency Agreement, the Subordinated Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, and the 
Talons, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Netherlands. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
that may arise out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, any Subordinated Notes, Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with 
the Agency Agreement, any Subordinated Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons may be brought in such 
courts. 
18 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context requires otherwise, the following defined terms shall have the meanings 
set out below: 
“Assets” means the non-consolidated gross assets of the Issuer as shown by the then latest published audited 
balance sheet of the Issuer, but adjusted for contingencies and for subsequent events in such manner and to such 
extent as one or more members of the Executive Board, the auditors or, as the case may be, the liquidator may 
determine to be appropriate; 
“Capital Adequacy Event” means that (i) (A) in respect of payment of principal on Tier 2 Notes and Tier 3 
Notes and payments of interest on Tier 2 Notes, the amount of eligible ‘own funds-items’ (or any equivalent 
terminology employed by the Capital Adequacy Regulations) of the Issuer on a consolidated basis to cover the 
Solvency Capital Requirement or the Minimum Capital Requirement of the Issuer is, or as a result of a payment 
of principal or interest or Arrears of Interest would become, not sufficient to cover such Solvency Capital 
Requirement or Minimum Capital Requirement or (B) in respect of payments of interest on Tier 3 Notes the 
amount of eligible ‘own funds-items’ (or any equivalent terminology employed by the Capital Adequacy 
Regulations) of the Issuer on a consolidated basis to cover the Minimum Capital Requirement of the Issuer is, 
or as a result of a payment of interest or Arrears of Interest would become, not sufficient to cover such Minimum 
Capital Requirement; or (ii) (if required or applicable in order for the Subordinated Notes to qualify as 
regulatory capital of the Issuer on a consolidated basis under the Capital Adequacy Regulations from time to 
time) the Relevant Supervisory Authority has notified the Issuer that it has determined, in view of the financial 
and/or solvency condition of the Issuer on a consolidated basis, that in accordance with the Capital Adequacy

--- Page 133 ---
130 
 
Regulations at such time the Issuer must take specified action in relation to deferral of payments of principal 
and/or interest under the Subordinated Notes; 
“Capital Adequacy Regulations” means, at any time, any legislation, rules, guidelines, recommendations or 
regulations (whether having the force of law or otherwise) then applying to the Issuer or the Group relating to 
own funds, capital resources, capital requirements, financial adequacy requirements or other prudential matters 
(including, but not limited to, the characteristics, features or criteria of any of the foregoing) and without 
limitation to the foregoing, includes (to the extent then applying as aforesaid) Solvency II and any legislation, 
rules, guidelines, recommendations or regulations of the Relevant Supervisory Authority or the European 
Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority (or any successor authority) or any other equivalent supervisory 
authority relating to such matters and further includes (without limitation) the provisions of regulatory laws as 
applicable at the relevant point in time with respect to internationally active insurance groups (IAIG) and global 
systemically important insurers (G-SII), where appropriate and/or at the designation as such by the relevant 
supervisory authority, as applicable to the Issuer or the Group; 
A “Capital Disqualification Event” is deemed to have occurred if, as a result of any replacement of or change 
to the Capital Adequacy Regulations (or change to the interpretation thereof by any court, the Relevant 
Supervisory Authority or any other authority entitled to do so) on or after the Issue Date, the Subordinated 
Notes cease to be capable of counting for 100% of the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes outstanding 
at such time under the Capital Adequacy Regulations for the purposes of the determination of the solvency 
margin, capital adequacy ratio or comparable margins or ratios of the Issuer, or, where this is subdivided in 
tiers, as at least the category of basic own funds (howsoever described at the time) as specified hereon, on a 
consolidated basis, except where such non-qualification (A) is only as a result of any applicable limitation on 
the amount of such capital and (B) does not result from any replacement of or changes to Solvency II regarding 
the size of buckets of basic own funds and/or (ii) in case the Capital Adequacy Regulations are supplemented 
or amended in relation to provisions specifically governing internationally active insurance groups (IAIG) 
and/or global systemically important insurers (G-SII), where appropriate and/or at the designation as such by 
the relevant supervisory authority as applicable to the Issuer or the Group, and where, following such 
supplement and/or amendments, the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes would likely not or no longer 
be recognised in full as at least the category of basic own funds (howsoever described at the time) as specified 
hereon, on a consolidated basis; 
“Compulsory Interest Payment Date” means (i) in respect to Tier 3 Notes, if Condition 5(a)(i) is not specified 
hereon as being applicable, each Interest Payment Date and (ii) in respect of Tier 2 Notes and, if Condition 
5(a)(i) is specified hereon as being applicable, Tier 3 Notes any Interest Payment Date (a) in respect of which 
during the immediately preceding six-month period a Compulsory Interest Payment Event has occurred, (b) 
which is not a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date and (c) on which the Solvency Condition is satisfied; 
“Compulsory Interest Payment Event” means: 
a. 
any declaration, payment or making of a dividend or other distribution by the Issuer to holders of any 
class of the Issuer's share capital; 
b. 
any repurchase by the Issuer of any class of the Issuer's share capital for cash (other than shares 
repurchased or otherwise acquired by the Issuer to reduce its capital (i) in the context of its own buy-
back programmes, if any, (ii) under any equity derivative hedge structure or transaction, (iii) under any 
hedging of stock options programmes or any other compensation benefit programmes, if any, (iv) in 
connection with financial restructurings, mergers, acquisitions, split-offs, divestments or like corporate 
transactions); 
“Further Subordinated Notes” means any further subordinated notes issued by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 
14 (Further Issues);

--- Page 134 ---
131 
 
“Group” means the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries; 
“Group Insurance Undertaking” means an insurance undertaking or a reinsurance undertaking of NN; 
“Insolvent Insurer Liquidation” means a liquidation of any Group Insurance Undertaking that is not a Solvent 
Insurer Liquidation; 
“insurance undertaking” has the meaning given to such term in article 13 of the Solvency II Directive; 
“Liabilities” means the non-consolidated gross liabilities of the Issuer as shown by the then latest published 
audited balance sheet of the Issuer, but adjusted for contingencies and for subsequent events in such manner 
and to such extent as one or more members of the Executive Board, the auditors or, as the case may be, the 
liquidator may determine to be appropriate; 
“Mandatory Deferral Event” means: 
a. 
the Solvency Condition is not met; or 
b. 
a Capital Adequacy Event has occurred and continues to exist and a deferral of interest and/or a 
suspension of payment of principal, as applicable, is required under the Capital Adequacy Regulations 
for the Subordinated Notes to qualify for the purposes of determination of the solvency margin, capital 
adequacy ratio or comparable margins or ratios of the Issuer, or, where this is subdivided in tiers, as tier 
2 basic own funds (howsoever described at the time), on a consolidated basis, 
provided, however, that the occurrence of b. above will not constitute a Mandatory Deferral Event: 
(A) 
in the case of Tier 2 Notes only, in respect of payments of interest or Arrears of Interest, if: 
(i) 
the Relevant Supervisory Authority has exceptionally waived the deferral of such interest 
payment and/or payment of Arrears of Interest; 
(ii) 
paying the interest payment and/or Arrears of Interest does not further weaken the 
solvency position of the Issuer as determined in accordance with the Capital Adequacy 
Regulations; and 
(iii) 
the Minimum Capital Requirement will be complied with immediately after the interest 
payment and/or payment of Arrears of Interest is made; 
(B) 
in respect of payments of principal, if: 
(i) 
the Relevant Supervisory Authority has exceptionally waived the deferral of such 
principal payment; 
(ii) 
the Subordinated Notes are exchanged for or converted into another tier 1 or tier 2 basic 
own funds or, in the case of Tier 3 Notes only, tier 3 basic own funds, in each case of at 
least the same quality; 
(iii) 
the Minimum Capital Requirement will be complied with immediately after the principal 
payment is made; 
“Mandatory Interest Deferral Date” means each Interest Payment Date in respect of which a Mandatory Deferral 
Event has occurred and is continuing; 
“Minimum Capital Requirement” means (a)(i) when method 1 is applied, the consolidated group Solvency 
Capital Requirement as referred to in the second subparagraph of article 230(2) of the Solvency II Directive or 
(ii), in the case a combination of method 1 and 2 is used, the minimum consolidated group Solvency Capital 
Requirement as referred to in article 341 of the Solvency II Delegated Regulation (or any equivalent

--- Page 135 ---
132 
 
terminology employed by the Capital Adequacy Regulations) or (b) has any other meaning as may be given 
thereto under the Capital Adequacy Regulations; 
“NN” means the Issuer and its subsidiaries; 
“Optional Interest Deferral Date” means any Interest Payment Date other than a Compulsory Interest Payment 
Date or a Mandatory Interest Deferral Date;  
“Policyholder Claims” means claims of policyholders in a liquidation of a Group Insurance Undertaking to the 
extent that those claims relate to any debt to which the Group Insurance Undertaking is, or may become, liable 
to a policyholder pursuant to a contract of insurance;  
“Rating Agency” means (i) S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited or Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (or any of 
their affiliates) or any other rating agency that has assigned a rating to Subordinated Notes at the Issue Date of 
any such Subordinated Notes, or any successor and (ii) any other credit rating agency of equivalent international 
standing solicited by the Issuer to grant a credit rating to the Issuer (as applicable); 
A “Rating Methodology Event” will be deemed to occur upon a change in the methodology of a Rating Agency 
(or in the interpretation of such methodology) as a result of which the equity content previously assigned by 
such Rating Agency to the Subordinated Notes is, as notified by such Rating Agency to the Issuer or as published 
by the Rating Agency, materially reduced when compared with the equity content assigned by such Rating 
Agency on or around the Issue Date or, in case of a Rating Agency other than S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited or any successor, the date on which the Rating Agency first assigns 
equity content to the Subordinated Notes. In this definition, equity content may refer to any other nomenclature 
that the relevant Rating Agency may then use to describe the contribution of the Subordinated Notes to capital 
adequacy and financial leverage in the applicable rating methodology; 
“reinsurance undertaking” has the meaning given to such term in article 13 of the Solvency II Directive; 
“Relevant Supervisory Authority” means any existing or future regulator or other authority having primary 
supervisory authority with respect to the Issuer or the Group, currently De Nederlandsche Bank N.V.; 
“Solvency II” means the Solvency II Directive and any implementing measures adopted pursuant to the 
Solvency II Directive as amended or replaced from time to time (for the avoidance of doubt, whether 
implemented by way of Regulation, Implementing Technical Standards or by further Directives, Q&As or 
guidelines published by the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority (or any successor entity), 
the Relevant Supervisory Authority or otherwise) including, without limitation, the Solvency II Delegated 
Regulation; 
“Solvency II Delegated Regulation” means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 of 10 October 
2014 supplementing the Solvency II Directive, as amended from time to time; 
“Solvency II Directive” means Directive 2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 
November 2009 and the implementing measures by the EC thereunder, as amended; 
“Solvency Capital Requirement” means the consolidated group Solvency Capital Requirement as referred to in 
the Solvency II Directive (or any equivalent terminology employed by the Capital Adequacy Regulations); 
the “Solvency Condition” is not satisfied if the Issuer determines that it is not or, on the relevant date on which 
a payment would be made after taking into account amounts payable on that date on the Subordinated Notes 
will not be, Solvent;

--- Page 136 ---
133 
 
“Solvent” means that the Issuer is (a) able to pay its debts to its unsubordinated and unsecured creditors as they 
fall due, and (b) has Assets that exceed its Liabilities (other than its Liabilities to persons who are not 
unsubordinated and unsecured creditors);  
“Solvent Insurer Liquidation” means a liquidation of any Group Insurance Undertaking where the Issuer has 
determined, acting reasonably, that all Policyholder Claims of such Group Insurance Undertaking will be met; 
and  
A “Tax Event” will be deemed to occur if: 
a. 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 
8 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Netherlands or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, including any such change as a consequence of case 
law, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date (a “Tax Law Change”); 
or  
b. 
as a result of a Tax Law Change, there is more than an insubstantial risk that the Issuer will not obtain 
full or substantially full deductibility for the purposes of Dutch corporation tax for any payment of 
interest, 
and the foregoing cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures not prejudicial to the interests of 
the Noteholders available to it.

--- Page 137 ---
134 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
1 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes or the Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form 
or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be), the Global Notes or the Global Certificates will be delivered 
on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. Depositing the Global Notes or 
the Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Global notes which are issued in CGN form and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS may be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”) or registration of Registered Notes in the name of 
any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the relative Global Certificate to the 
Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount 
of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is a NGN, 
the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of 
the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing system at 
any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes 
that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
2 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other permitted 
clearing system (“Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a 
Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such Alternative Clearing 
System (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note 
or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising 
under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). 
Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long 
as the Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the Issuer will 
be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, 
as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid. 
3 
Exchange 
3.1 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date:

--- Page 138 ---
135 
 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with the C 
Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “Overview of the 
Programme—Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes defined 
and described below; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole or in part, upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form 
set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so provided in 
the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
3.2 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 3.4 below, in part for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an 
Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or 
(ii) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal 
Agent of its election for such exchange. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be issued 
in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified 
Denominations. 
3.3 
Permanent Global Certificates 
If the Final Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by a permanent Global Certificate on issue, 
the following will apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or an Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent the trading of interests in the Notes 
within a clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing system, but will limit the 
circumstances in which the Notes may be withdrawn from the relevant clearing system.  
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) of 
the Senior Notes and Condition 2(b) of the Subordinated Notes may only be made in part: 
(i) 
if the relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to 
cease business or does in fact do so; or 
(ii) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due; or 
(iii) 
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph 3.3(i) or 3.3(ii) 
above, the Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its specified office 
of the Registered Holder’s intention to effect such transfer. 
3.4 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that 
clearing system permit, such permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more 
occasions for Definitive Notes (i) if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due or (ii) if so

--- Page 139 ---
136 
 
provided in, and in accordance with, the Conditions (which will be set out in the relevant Final Terms) 
relating to Partly Paid Notes. 
3.5 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note may 
surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the 
Issuer will (i) in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global Note, deliver, 
or procure the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the 
whole or that part of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent 
exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or 
(ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, 
an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes or, if the Global 
Note is a NGN, the Issuer will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records 
of the relevant clearing system. In this Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any Global 
Note, the definitive Bearer Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having 
attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not 
already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed in 
accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set 
out in the Schedules to the Agency Agreement. On exchange in full of each permanent Global Note, the 
Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with 
the relevant Definitive Notes. 
3.6 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 
days after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days 
or, in the case of failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due 30 days, after that on which 
the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is 
located. 
4 
Amendment to Conditions 
The temporary Global Notes, permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that apply to 
the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out 
in this Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
4.1 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange for 
an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D Rules before the Exchange 
Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note 
in CGN form will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be 
made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent or such 
other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note 
is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement 
will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. If the Global Note 
is a NGN or if the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details of each

--- Page 140 ---
137 
 
such payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and, in the case of 
payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing 
system and represented by the Global Note or the Global Certificate will be reduced accordingly. 
Payments under a NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer’s 
obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of the relevant clearing 
system shall not affect such discharge. For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global 
Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of “business day” set out 
in Condition 6(h) of the Senior Notes and Condition 7(h) of the Subordinated Notes. 
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the order of, 
the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the record date which shall 
be on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, where “Clearing 
System Business Day” means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 January. 
4.2 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Note will 
become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of five years from the date on which such 
payment first became due. 
4.3 
Meetings 
The holder of a permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall (unless 
such permanent Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as being two 
persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such 
meeting, the holder of a permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect of each 
integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. All holders of Registered Notes are entitled 
to one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes comprising 
such Noteholder’s holding, whether or not represented by a Global Certificate. 
4.4 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions to 
be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the nominal amount of the 
relevant permanent Global Note. 
4.5 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest and 
Instalment Amounts (if any) thereon. 
4.6 
Issuer’s Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented 
by a permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders within the 
time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, except that the notice 
shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an 
option and, accordingly, no drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer 
is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a 
clearing system in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) or any other Alternative 
Clearing System (as the case may be).

--- Page 141 ---
138 
 
4.7 
Noteholders’ Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global Note 
giving notice to the Fiscal Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying 
Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, 
except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which 
the option has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is 
exercised and at the same time, where the permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting the permanent 
Global Note to the Fiscal Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Fiscal Agent, for notation. 
Where the Global Note is a NGN or where the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall 
procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing 
system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be reduced accordingly. 
4.8 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, 
exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the circumstances 
set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry 
being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such 
Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
4.9 
Events of Default 
Each Global Note provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, or a portion of it, to become 
due and repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 9 of the Senior Notes and Condition 10 
of the Subordinated Notes by stating in the notice to the Fiscal Agent the nominal amount of such Global 
Note that is becoming due and repayable. If principal in respect of any Note is not paid when due, the 
holder of a Global Note or Registered Notes represented by a Global Certificate may elect for direct 
enforcement rights against the Issuer under the terms of that Global Note to come into effect in relation 
to the whole or a part of such Global Note or one or more Registered Notes in favour of the persons 
entitled to such part of such Global Note or such Registered Notes, as the case may be, as accountholders 
with a clearing system. Following any such acquisition of direct rights, the Global Note or, as the case 
may be, the Global Certificate and the corresponding entry in the Register kept by the Registrar will 
become void as to the specified portion or Registered Notes, as the case may be. However, no such 
election may be made in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate unless the transfer of the 
whole or a part of the holding of Notes represented by that Global Certificate shall have been improperly 
withheld or refused. 
4.10 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a 
clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for 
publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global 
Note. So long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange, notices to holders of the Notes shall also 
be made as required under the rules of such stock exchange.  
5 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution 
While any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Certificate is registered in the name of any nominee 
for, a clearing system, then:

--- Page 142 ---
139 
 
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with 
their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic Consent” as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) 
shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be 
passed at a meeting for which the special quorum was satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all 
Noteholders and holders of Coupons, Talons and Receipts whether or not they participated in such 
Electronic Consent; and 
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by accountholders in the 
clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global Certificate or, where the accountholders 
hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by 
the person for whom such entitlement is ultimately beneficially held, whether such beneficiary holds 
directly with the accountholder or via one or more intermediaries, and provided that, in each case, the 
Issuer has obtained commercially reasonable evidence to ascertain the validity of such holding and has 
taken reasonable steps to ensure that such holding does not alter following the giving of such consent or 
instruction and prior to the effecting of such amendment. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be 
binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be 
defective. As used in this paragraph, “commercially reasonable evidence” includes any certificate or 
other document issued by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system, or 
issued by an accountholder of them or an intermediary in a holding chain, in relation to the holding of 
interests in the Notes. Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form 
of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including 
Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its 
usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes 
is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person 
by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such 
effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 143 ---
140 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for general corporate 
purposes. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
In particular, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will allocate an amount equal to the net 
proceeds from an offer of Notes specifically, in part or in full, to green assets (the “Eligible Green Assets”) 
relating, amongst others, to green buildings, renewable energy, clean transportation, sustainable water, 
wastewater management and water efficiency, energy efficiency and circular economy adapted products, 
production technologies and processes and/or certified eco-efficient products or social assets (the “Eligible 
Social Assets”) relating, amongst others, to access of essential services and affordable housing, in case that 
meet the requirements of the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework dated February 2022, as amended from 
time to time (the “Sustainability Bond Framework”) and such Notes may also be referred to as “Green, Social 
or Sustainability Bonds”. In the event of future Green, Social or Sustainability Bond issuances, investors would 
be able to obtain information on the same from the Sustainability Bond Framework. The Sustainability Bond 
Framework is not incorporated in and does not form part of this Prospectus. 
Under the Issuer's Sustainability Bond Framework, the Issuer and its subsidiaries may issue Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bonds. The Issuer believes that Green, Social and Sustainability Bonds are an effective tool to 
channel financing to projects that have demonstrated clear environmental, climate or social benefits and 
contribute to the achievement of the UN Sustainable Development Goals (“SDGs”). By issuing Green, Social 
or Sustainability Bonds, the Issuer intends to align its funding strategy with its mission, (sustainability) strategy 
and objectives. In addition, the Issuer aims to contribute to the development of the sustainability bond market 
and to the growth of sustainable and impact investing.  
The Issuer's Sustainability Bond Framework may be amended at any time without the consent of Noteholders. 
Any revisions or updates to the Sustainability Bond Framework will be made available on the following 
webpage: https://www.nn-group.com/investors/nn-group-debt-credit-ratings/sustainable-bonds.htm, but the 
Issuer will not have any obligation to notify Noteholders of any such amendments. Please also refer to the risk 
factor ‘In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green, Social or Sustainability 
Bond, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will meet investor expectations or are suitable for 
an investor’s investment criteria’. 
The Eligible Green Assets and the Eligible Social Assets fall into the following categories: 
Green Bond Principles 
category 
Eligible category description 
Green Buildings 
Residential Green Buildings: 
1.  Dutch residential properties built prior to 31 December 2020: 
 
Existing residential buildings in the Netherlands with an Energy 
Performance Certificate “A”, AND belonging to the top 15% low-
carbon residential buildings in the Netherlands2 
2. Dutch residential properties built on or after 1 January 2021: 
 
New or existing residential buildings that have a primary energy 
                                                          
2 Refer to the Green Buildings Methodology Assessment document prepared by the real estate consulting company CFP Green Buildings

--- Page 144 ---
141 
 
Green Bond Principles 
category 
Eligible category description 
demand at least 10% lower than that resulting from the local 
implementation of the EU Nearly Zero Energy Buildings (NZEB)3 
objective 
3. Refurbished Dutch residential properties with at least a 30% improvement 
in energy efficiency. In terms of EPC labels, this corresponds to a two-
step EPC label improvement. 
Commercial Green Buildings: 
1. Commercial properties built prior to 31 December 2020: 
 
Existing commercial buildings with an Energy Performance 
Certificate “A", AND/OR belonging to the top 15% low-carbon 
commercial buildings 
2. Commercial properties built on or after 1 January 2021: 
 
New or existing commercial buildings that have a primary energy 
demand at least 10% lower than that resulting from the local 
implementation of the EU Nearly Zero Energy Buildings (NZEB)4 
objective 
3. Refurbished commercial properties with at least a 30% improvement in 
energy efficiency. In terms of EPC labels, this corresponds to a two-step 
EPC label improvement 
4. New, existing or refurbished commercial buildings which received at least 
one or more of the following classifications:  
 
LEED “Gold“, BREEAM “Excellent", DGNB “Gold", HQE”, 
“Excellent" or higher level of certification 
5. Individual measures aimed at energy efficiency improvement and the 
installation of renewables on-site in commercial buildings: 
 
Eligible lending activities include, but are not restricted to 
installation of cavity wall, roof and/or floor insulation, heat pump, 
infrared panels, solar boilers and solar panels, installing energy-
efficient frames and doors and 'double glazing' or HR ++ glazing5 
Renewable Energy 
The construction, development, acquisition, maintenance, and operation of 
renewable energy projects, including:  
 
Solar and wind power 
Clean Transportation 
The development, construction, acquisition, maintenance, and operation of 
infrastructure and vehicles for zero direct emissions transportation of 
                                                          
3 The Dutch version of NZEB is called BENG. In accordance with the EU Taxonomy, the net primary energy demand of new constructions *built 
on or after the 1st of January 2021) must be at least 10% lower than the primary energy demand resulting from the relevant BENG requirements. 
4 The Dutch version of NZEB is called BENG. In accordance with the EU Taxonomy, the net primary energy demand of new constructions (built 
on or after the 1st of January 2021) must be at least 10% lower than the primary energy demand resulting from the relevant BENG requirements. 
5 Double glazing or HR ++ refers to glass with a coated cavity between the two panes which results in more efficient thermal regulation of the 
building.

--- Page 145 ---
142 
 
Green Bond Principles 
category 
Eligible category description 
passengers and freight (e.g. light rail transit, metro, trams, trolleybuses, 
buses, rail, electric vehicle charging stations, electricity grid connection 
upgrades and hydrogen fuelling stations). 
Sustainable water,  
Wastewater management 
and water efficiency 
The development, construction, acquisition, installation, operation, and 
upgrades of sustainable water management projects, including: 
 
Water supply systems with (i) a net average energy consumption for 
abstraction and treatment <0.5 kWh per cubic meter produced water 
supply or (ii) the leakage level <1.5 
 
Waste water system with a net energy consumption (i) <35kWh per 
population equivalent (“p.e.") p.a. 
 
For treatment plant capacity below 10,000 p.e., or (ii) 25 kWh per p.e. 
p.a. for treatment plant capacity between 10,000 and 100,000 p.e., or 
(iii) 20 kWh p.e. p.a. for treatment plant capacity above 100,000 p.e. 
 
Renewal of water supply system, collection system or waste water 
treatment plant that improves energy efficiency by decreasing the (net) 
average energy consumption by at least 20% compared to own baseline 
performance averaged for 3 years 
Energy Efficiency 
The manufacturing, installation, maintenance and repair of the following 
energy efficiency devices and technologies: 
 
Smart grids and smart metering systems which facilitate grid 
decarbonisation and/or energy efficiency 
 
Building automation and control systems 
 
Energy storage 
Circular economy adapted 
products, production 
technologies and processes 
and/or certified eco-efficient 
products  
The development, construction, acquisition, installation, operation and 
upgrades of projects including: 
 
Facilities for collection, sorting and material recovery 
 
Facilities for the recycling/reuse of materials 
 
Facilities for the production of compost 
 
Biogas from organic waste 
 
Social Bond Principles 
category 
Eligible category description 
Access to essential services 
The development, construction, acquisition, installation, operation and 
upgrades of publicly accessible healthcare and education6 
                                                          
6 Accessible to all regardless of ability to pay.

--- Page 146 ---
143 
 
Affordable Housing 
Investments/financing for the construction, refurbishment, maintenance and 
operation of social housing infrastructure, meeting the statutory definition 
and relevant eligibility criteria as set out in the applicable local regulation 
Target Population: low-income population 
 
 
Process for project evaluation and selection 
Eligible Green Assets and the Eligible Social Assets (together, “Eligible Assets”) financed and/or refinanced 
through the Green, Social or Sustainability Bond proceeds are evaluated and selected by the Issuer’s Green, 
Social and Sustainability Bond Committee based on compliance with the eligibility criteria set out in the 
Sustainability Bond Framework. When identifying Eligible Assets and their non-financial impacts, the Issuer 
may draw on the support of external consultants and their data sources. 
The Issuer, on a best effort basis, intends that all selected Eligible Assets comply with official national and 
international standards and local laws and regulations on a best effort basis. It is part of the transaction approval 
process of the Issuer to determine whether all activities comply with internal environmental and social 
standards. 
Management of Proceeds 
The Green, Social or Sustainability Bond proceeds will be managed by the Issuer in a portfolio approach. The 
Issuer will allocate an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds to 
an eligible asset portfolio (the “Eligible Asset Portfolio”), selected in accordance with the use of proceeds 
criteria and evaluation and selection process presented above. 
The Issuer will strive, over time, to achieve a level of allocation for the Eligible Asset Portfolio which, after 
adjustments for intervening circumstances matches or exceeds the balance of net proceeds from its outstanding 
Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds. Additional Eligible Assets will be added to the Issuer's Eligible Asset 
Portfolio to the extent required to ensure that the net proceeds from outstanding Green, Social and Sustainability 
Bonds will be allocated to Eligible Assets. The Issuer aims to achieve full allocation for all Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bonds within 36 months of their respective issuance date. Any failure by the Issuer to fully 
allocate all Green, Social and Sustainability Bonds will not have any consequences as further set out in the risk 
factor ‘In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green, Social or Sustainability 
Bond, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will meet investor expectations or are suitable for 
an investor’s investment criteria’.  
Pending full allocation, any unallocated Green, Social or Sustainability Bond proceeds will be utilized, managed 
or held by the Issuer on a temporary basis, at its own discretion, in line with its treasury liquidity policies. 
Reporting 
For as long as Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds are outstanding, the Issuer intends to make and keep readily 
available aggregated reporting on the allocation of an amount at least equivalent to the net proceeds to the 
Eligible Asset Portfolio after a year from the issuance of the applicable Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds, 
to be renewed annually until full allocation of the net proceeds. Reporting will be available on the Issuer's

--- Page 147 ---
144 
 
website: https://www.nn-group.com/investors/nn-group-debt-credit-ratings/sustainable-bonds.htm. The Issuer 
will also make and keep readily available reporting on the impact associated with the Eligible Asset Portfolio. 
Where feasible, the Issuer will report on the environmental and social impacts of the Eligible Asset Portfolio 
funded with the Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds, or refer to existing sustainability and corporate and 
social responsibility reporting. 
External review 
In connection with the issue of Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds, the Issuer has appointed Sustainalytics 
to provide a second party opinion (the “SPO”) of the Sustainability Bond Framework. The SPO is available on 
the Issuer's website: https://www.nn-group.com/investors/nn-group-debt-credit-ratings/sustainable-bonds.htm. 
Any SPO may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure of the relevant Series of Green, 
Social or Sustainability Bonds, their marketability, trading price or liquidity or any other factors that may affect 
the price or value of the Series of Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds. Any such SPO is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and is only current as of its date of issue. 
Neither the Issuer, Sustainalytics, the Arranger or the Dealers make any representation as to the suitability for 
any purpose of any SPO or whether any Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds fulfill the relevant environmental 
criteria or standards. Prospective investors should have regard to the Eligible Assets described in the applicable 
Final Terms. None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes issued under the 
Programme (also see the risk factor ‘In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a 
Green, Social or Sustainability Bond, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will meet investor 
expectations or are suitable for an investor’s investment criteria’). Each potential purchaser of any Series of 
Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in 
this Prospectus and in the applicable Final Terms regarding the use of proceeds and its purchase of any Green, 
Social or Sustainability Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. 
ESG Ratings 
The Group’s exposure to ESG risks, and the related management arrangements established to mitigate those 
risks has been assessed by sustainability and societal impact has been measured by several agencies through 
ESG ratings. The ESG ratings are included in the table included in the 2022 Annual Report under the 
“Sustainability indices and ratings” on page 141.

--- Page 148 ---
145 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
General 
The Issuer is a public limited company (naamloze vennootschap) organised under Dutch law and incorporated 
on 29 March 2011 under the name ING Insurance Topholding N.V. On 28 February 2014, the Issuer entered 
into a legal merger with its wholly owned subsidiary ING Verzekeringen N.V. As a result of this merger, ING 
Verzekeringen N.V. ceased to exist by operation of law and the Issuer acquired all assets and liabilities of ING 
Verzekeringen N.V. under universal title of succession. On 1 March 2014, the legal merger became effective 
and the Issuer was renamed NN Group N.V. 
The Issuer has its corporate seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and its registered office at Schenkkade 65, 
2595 AS The Hague, the Netherlands, telephone number +31 (0) 70 513 03 03. It is registered with the trade 
register held by the Chamber of Commerce under number 52387534. According to Article 3 of the Articles of 
Association, its objectives are to participate in, conduct the management of, finance and furnish personal or real 
security for the obligations of and provide services to other enterprises and institutions, of whatever kind, but 
in particular enterprises and institutions active in the insurance business, the credit business, investments and/or 
other financial services, as well as to perform all that which is related or may be conducive to the foregoing.  
The Issuer is a holding company with no material, direct business operations. The Issuer conducts business 
internationally through its operating subsidiaries. The principal assets of the Issuer are the equity interests it 
directly or indirectly holds in its operating subsidiaries. As a result, the Issuer is dependent on dividends and 
other payments from its subsidiaries to generate the funds necessary to meet its financial obligations, including 
the payment of dividends and payment of principal and interest on the Notes. The Issuer is therefore dependent 
on its subsidiaries. For a detailed list of subsidiaries of the Issuer, please refer to the website NN Group - General 
contact information (nn-group.com) and/or page 225 of the 2022 Annual Report.  
Share capital 
The Issuer’s authorised share capital amounts to EUR 168,000,000, divided into 700,000,000 ordinary shares 
and 700,000,000 preference shares, each with a nominal value of EUR 0.12. On the date of this Prospectus, the 
Issuer’s issued capital amounts to EUR 35,400,000, consisting of 295,000,000 ordinary shares, with a nominal 
value of EUR 0.12 each. On the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer holds 18,830,451 ordinary shares, all or part 
of which it intends to cancel in due course. The rights of the shareholders are described in the Articles of 
Association. 
A foundation, Stichting Continuïteit NN Group, has been granted a call option by the Issuer. On each exercise 
of the call option, Stichting Continuïteit NN Group is entitled to acquire from the Issuer up to a maximum 
corresponding with 100 per cent. of the issued share capital of the Issuer in the form of ordinary shares, as 
outstanding immediately prior to the exercise of the call option, less one share, from which maximum any 
Preference Shares already placed with Stichting Continuïteit NN Group at the time of the exercise of the call 
option shall be deducted. Stichting Continuïteit NN Group may exercise its option right repeatedly, each time 
up to the aforementioned maximum. 
On the date of this Prospectus, major shareholders are RRJ Capital II Ltd., BlackRock, Inc, Norges Bank, 
Barclays Plc and Thornburg Investment Management. Based on Dutch legislation, the holder of a substantial 
holding or gross short position that equals or exceeds 3 per cent. of the issued capital of an issuer, should notify 
the AFM. These notifications are subsequently included in a public register kept by the AFM.

--- Page 149 ---
146 
 
History 
NN’s history dates back to 1845. In that year Assurantie Maatschappij tegen Brandschade N.V., later renamed 
De Nederlanden van 1845 N.V. (“De Nederlanden”), commenced operations. De Nederlanden specialised in 
fire insurance. Shortly after its foundation, De Nederlanden expanded abroad and, through multiple 
acquisitions, became an all-lines insurance company in 1925. World War II made it almost impossible for De 
Nederlanden to operate its business. After the war, De Nederlanden and other insurance companies played an 
important role in the economic recovery and reconstruction of the Netherlands by providing financing. During 
the post-war years De Nederlanden expanded quickly due to economic growth in the Netherlands and through 
acquisitions. 
The Nationale Levensverzekering-Bank N.V. (“Nationale”) also prospered during the post-war years. Nationale 
was established in 1863 and specialised in life insurance with a focus on the Dutch domestic market. In 1916, 
Nationale added non-life insurance to its product portfolio. In 1932, Nationale and De Nederlanden entered into 
co-operation with respect to group life insurance. Like De Nederlanden, Nationale’s business was significantly 
affected by World War II and was also instrumental in the post-war reconstruction. In 1956, Nationale expanded 
its non-life portfolio by acquiring insurance company Tiel-Utrecht. This acquisition made Nationale, for many 
years, the largest life insurer, the second largest non-life insurer, and as a result the largest insurance company 
overall in the Netherlands at that time. 
In 1963, De Nederlanden and Nationale merged and formed Nationale-Nederlanden. This merger was in line 
with increased consolidation in the insurance industry and enabled the companies to remain competitive under 
changing market circumstances. From the 1960s to the 1980s, Nationale-Nederlanden extensively pursued 
acquisitions throughout the world, including major acquisitions in the United States, and started new operations 
in Europe and Asia. 
In 1991, Nationale-Nederlanden merged with NMB Postbank Groep to form Internationale Nederlanden Groep 
(ING) after the legal restrictions on mergers between insurers and banks were lifted in the Netherlands in 1990. 
Since 1991, ING has developed from being a Dutch company with some international business to a 
multinational with Dutch roots. This was achieved through a mixture of organic growth as well as various large 
acquisitions. All of Nationale-Nederlanden’s businesses in Europe and Japan were greenfield operations (except 
for Turkey and Belgium). These businesses were set up in emerging markets such as Poland, the Czech Republic 
and Hungary, as well as in developed markets such as Luxembourg and Japan. In the United States, Nationale-
Nederlanden acquired the life operations of U.S. insurance companies ReliaStar and Aetna in 2000. These 
acquisitions also substantially increased the size and scope of ING’s insurance activities in developing markets, 
making ING the largest international insurer in Latin America and the second largest international insurer in 
Asia. 
In 2008 and 2009, as a consequence of the financial crisis, ING Group, like other major financial institutions in 
the Netherlands, received aid from the Dutch State. As a condition to receiving approval from the EC for such 
state aid, ING Group was required to develop and submit a restructuring plan to the EC, comprising, inter alia, 
the divestment of the insurance and investment management business, including the Issuer and its subsidiaries. 
The 2009 Restructuring Plan was approved by the EC in November 2009. Following the 2009 Restructuring 
Plan, the insurance and asset management businesses of ING (including NN) were operationally separated from 
ING as of 31 December 2010. 
In November 2012, ING Group and the Dutch State reached an agreement with the EC on certain amendments 
to the 2009 Restructuring Plan which were set out in the 2012 Restructuring Plan. The amendments extended 
the time horizon, increased the flexibility for the completion of divestments and adjusted other commitments

--- Page 150 ---
147 
 
set forth in the 2009 Restructuring Plan, in light of market conditions, the economic climate and more stringent 
regulation. 
Pursuant to the 2009 and 2012 Restructuring Plans, ING divested a number of businesses around the world 
from 2011 to 2013, including divestments of insurance and investment management businesses in the United 
States, Latin America and Asia/Pacific (other than Japan). 
In May 2013, ING Group divested approximately 29 per cent. of its shareholding (which was indirectly held 
through NN) in ING U.S., its U.S.-based retirement, investment and insurance business, through an initial public 
offering in accordance with the 2012 Restructuring Plan. In preparation for a stand-alone future of NN, the 
interest in ING U.S. held by NN was transferred to ING Group as at 30 September 2013. 
In July 2013, part of the operations of WUB, comprising mainly specific mortgage, savings, investments and 
consumer credit activities, were transferred to NN Bank, in accordance with the 2012 Restructuring Plan. 
In November 2013, ING Group and the Dutch State reached an agreement with the EC on certain amendments 
to the 2012 Restructuring Plan which were set out in the 2013 Restructuring Plan. The 2013 Restructuring Plan 
accelerated the divestment timeline for NN by two years, as a result of which ING Group was required to divest 
more than 50 per cent. of its shareholding in the Issuer before 31 December 2015 and was required to divest 
the remaining interest before 31 December 2016. Pursuant to the 2013 Restructuring Plan, the Japan Life and 
Japan Closed Block VA businesses were permitted to be divested in line with the divestment timeline for NN 
and were thus permitted to remain part of NN.  
On 2 July 2014, ING Group offered part of its shares in the share capital of NN Group to the public and the 
shares in the capital of NN Group were listed on Euronext Amsterdam. After settlement of the offering on 7 
July 2014, ING Group still held a majority of the shares in the share capital of NN Group. On 19 April 2016 
ING Group completed its divestment of NN Group. 
On 5 October 2016, the Issuer announced that it intended to make an all cash offer for all the issued and 
outstanding ordinary shares of Delta Lloyd. On 23 December 2016, the Issuer and Delta Lloyd jointly 
announced that they had reached a conditional agreement on a recommended all cash public offer for all the 
issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Delta Lloyd. On 26 April 2017, NN announced that it had acquired 
93.3% of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Delta Lloyd, entitling NN to pursue a triangular legal 
merger of Delta Lloyd into NN Bidco, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Issuer. On 31 May 2017, the 
Issuer announced that it had executed the triangular legal merger of Delta Lloyd into NN Bidco, whereby 
remaining holders of issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of Delta Lloyd received listed 
ordinary shares in the capital of the Issuer. As part of the legal restructuring process, the Issuer and NN Bidco 
executed the legal merger of NN Bidco into the Issuer, which became effective on 31 December 2017. As a 
result of this, NN Bidco ceased to exist and the Issuer assumed all assets and liabilities of NN Bidco.  
On 11 April 2022, the Issuer announced the completion of the sale of its asset manager NN Investment Partners 
(NN IP) to Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. 
Business 
Overview 
NN is an international financial services company active in 11 countries, with a strong presence in Europe and 
Japan. NN’s insurance business is active in mature markets in Western Europe and Japan, as well as growth

--- Page 151 ---
148 
 
markets in CEE and Turkey. NN offers a comprehensive range of retirement services, pensions, insurance and 
banking products to retail, SME and large corporates. 
The product offering and the type of customers serviced within each country varies. See “Description of the 
Issuer —Business Segments” below for further information on NN’s specific product offerings and the type of 
customers serviced in each relevant jurisdiction. NN utilises a multi-channel approach to distribute its products 
and service its customers, allowing it to tailor the marketing and distribution of its products across different 
markets and customer segments. NN commits significant resources throughout its businesses to: (a) ensure 
strong partnerships with brokers, independent agents and banks, including ING Bank; (b) strengthen its tied 
agents network in most of the countries in which it operates outside of the Netherlands; and (c) build up its 
direct channel capabilities. 
Business Segments 
Netherlands Life 
In 2022, the Netherlands Life segment recorded EUR 3,569 million GWP, consisting of EUR 2,712 million in 
group life insurance and EUR 857 million in individual life insurance, representing 20 per cent and 6 per cent, 
respectively, of NN’s total GWP in 2022, and EUR 353 million of new business (measured by APE), 
representing 26 per cent. of NN’s total APE in 2022. In 2022, the Netherlands Life segment reported OCG of 
EUR 1,142 million, representing 58% of NN’s total OCG excluding the segments Asset Management and Other 
(EUR 1,961 million). In 2022, the Netherlands Life segment had an operating result of EUR 999 million, 
representing 57 per cent of NN’s total operating result. As at 31 December 2022, the equity allocated to the 
Netherlands Life segment was EUR 10,341 million. 
The Netherlands Life segment includes NN Life, AZL, BeFrank as well as products sold via ABN AMRO 
Levensverzekering and direct (OHRA) distribution channels. AZL provides pension administration and 
management services to primarily mid-sized and large company and industry-wide pension funds. BeFrank is 
a premium pension institution that provides innovative group pensions at relatively low cost. 
Products 
The life insurance products offered by NN in the Netherlands range from standardised insurance products to 
tailor-made and sophisticated insurance products with a particular focus on group pensions. Products are offered 
to SMEs, large corporate clients and their employees, and retail customers. Life insurance products can be 
characterised as either traditional policies or unit-linked policies. Traditional policies are those products that 
have benefits primarily based on a guaranteed interest rate, sometimes combined with profit-sharing to the 
extent that certain thresholds are met. Thus, under traditional policies, NN bears the investment risk. Unit-linked 
policies have an investment basis and are mostly flexible in options and guarantees. Under pure unit-linked 
policies, the investment risk is borne by the policyholder. Unit-linked policies can also guarantee a minimum 
investment return or minimum accumulation to the policyholder at maturity, including death benefit. Further, 
NN provides hybrid forms of group pension products that combine elements of traditional and unit-linked life 
insurances within a single contract. 
Life insurance products can also be characterised as general account or separate account products. For general 
account products, the underlying assets are invested in NN’s general account and thus not attributable to a 
specific policyholder or liability. Within the general account, NN bears the investment risks related to assets 
backing the liability obligations. For separate account products, NN establishes and maintains a separate 
investment account to which funds are allocated in line with the relevant policy. Such investment account is

--- Page 152 ---
149 
 
thus separated from NN’s general account and the investment risk is borne by the policyholder, although 
guarantees apply. 
See “Description of the Issuer—Recent Developments” below for information on the acquisition of ABN 
AMRO Levensverzekering N.V. ABN AMRO Levensverzekering N.V. has merged into Nationale-Nederlanden 
Levensverzekering Maatschappij N.V. effective as of 1 April 2023. 
Netherlands Non-life 
In 2022, the Netherlands Non-life segment recorded EUR 3,774 million GWP, representing 28 per cent. of NN’s 
total GWP in 2022. In 2022, the Netherlands Non-life segment reported OCG of EUR 280 million, representing 
14% of NN’s total OCG excluding the segments Asset Management and Other (EUR 1,961 million). In 2022, 
the Netherlands Non-life segment had an operating result of EUR 255 million (including health and broker 
business), representing 15 per cent of NN’s total operating result. As at 31 December 2022, the equity allocated 
to the Netherlands Non-life segment was EUR 861 million. As at 31 December 2022, the Netherlands Non-life 
segment had EUR 7,512 million of technical provisions. 
NN offers a broad range of non-life products under multiple brands: NN, ING, ABN AMRO, OHRA and Movir. 
Under the Movir brand, NN offers individual disability insurance to specific target groups amongst medical and 
business professionals. NN Non-Life insurance companies have a particular focus on underwriting excellence 
and claims management and prevention. NN also acts as a distributor of certain health insurance products 
underwritten by CZ. 
On 15 October 2021, NN Group announced the completion of its acquisition of a 70% stake in Dutch insurance 
broker and service provider Heinenoord, as per 14 October 2021. The completion of the transaction follows the 
fulfilment of customary closing conditions, including receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals. 
Products 
NN offers a broad range of non-life products to retail, self-employed, SME, and large corporate clients and their 
employees, in stand-alone as well as bundled form, with a focus on offering insurance bundles. NN’s non-life 
products can be categorised as follows: (a) income/accident, comprising disability and accident (D&A) and 
travel insurance, and (b) property and casualty (P&C), comprising fire, motor and transport insurance and other 
insurances. 
Insurance Europe 
NN’s Insurance Europe business comprises NN’s business in Belgium, Poland, Spain, Greece, Hungary, 
Romania, Czech Republic, Slovakia and Turkey. The countries in which NN is active are a mixture of mature 
and growth markets. In 2022, the Insurance Europe segment recorded EUR 3,247 million GWP, representing 
24 per cent of NN’s total GWP in 2022, and EUR 709 million of new business (measured by APE), representing 
53 per cent. of NN’s total APE in 2022. In 2022, the Insurance Europe segment reported OCG of EUR 388 
million, representing 20% of NN’s total OCG excluding the segments Asset Management and Other (EUR 
1,961 million). In 2022, the Insurance Europe segment had an operating result of EUR 310 million, representing

--- Page 153 ---
150 
 
18 per cent of NN’s total operating result. As at 31 December 2022, the equity allocated to the Insurance Europe 
segment was EUR 2,152 million. 
On 22 October 2022, NN Group announced that its subsidiary NN Insurance Belgium has completed the sale 
of a closed book life portfolio to Athora Belgium following the fulfilment of customary closing conditions, 
including receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals and competition clearances. 
On 30 July 2021, NN Group completed the sale of the Bulgarian operations to KBC’s Bulgarian insurance 
business DZI following the approval from the Bulgarian and Hungarian regulators. 
In July 2021, NN Group announced it had reached agreement to acquire 100% of MetLife’s businesses in 
Poland and Greece. The acquisition was completed in the first half of 2022: Greece in January 2022 and Poland 
in April 2022, for a total consideration of EUR 550 million. The acquisition has further bolstered NN’s leading 
market positions, strengthening its position in life and pensions in Poland, while creating the market leading 
insurance company in Greece. 
Products 
Through Insurance Europe NN offers life insurance (in all countries), pensions (in Belgium, Czech Republic, 
Slovakia, Poland, Romania, Spain and Turkey), non-life insurance (in Belgium managed via NN Non-Life, 
Spain, and Poland), and health insurance (in Greece, Romania and Turkey). Products are offered to retail, 
corporate, self-employed and SME customers. 
Japan Life 
NN Japan commenced operations in 1986. NN Japan is a leading player in SME Life insurance products. In 
2022, the Japan Life segment recorded EUR 3,006 million GWP, representing 22 per cent of NN’s total GWP 
in 2022, and EUR 272 million of new business (measured by APE), representing 20 per cent of NN’s total APE 
in 2022. In 2022, the Japan Life segment reported OCG of EUR 115 million, representing 6% of NN’s total 
OCG excluding the segments Asset Management and Other (EUR 1,961 million). In 2022, the Japan Life 
segment had an operating result of EUR 218 million, representing 12 per cent of NN’s total operating result. 
As at 31 December 2022, the equity allocated to the Japan Life segment was EUR 1,506 million. 
Products 
NN Japan primarily offers a range of recurring premium SME Life insurance products to SMEs and owners 
and employees of SMEs. Since its initial SME Life insurance product launch in 1991, NN Japan has consistently 
innovated and introduced several products to the Japanese SME Life insurance market, such as increasing term 
life insurance, insurance coverage in cases of cancer and term life insurance with long-term care benefits. 
SME Life insurance products 
SME Life insurance products are traditional life insurance policies that a company, typically an SME, takes out 
on the lives of executives or employees, whereby the company is both the policyholder and the beneficiary of 
the policy. SME Life insurance products are designed to address the protection, savings and retirement 
preparation needs of SMEs and owners and employees of SMEs in a tax-efficient manner.  
Banking 
As at 31 December 2022, the total assets of the banking business were EUR 23,969 million, of which the 
banking business’ mortgage loan portfolio was EUR 22,115 million. As at 31 December 2022, the banking 
business’ savings and deposits portfolio was EUR 16,228 million. In 2022, the banking business reported OCG 
of EUR 35 million, representing 2% of NN’s total OCG excluding the segments Asset Management and Other 
(EUR 1,961 million). In 2022, the banking business had an operating result of EUR 97 million, representing 6 
per cent of NN’s total operating result. As at 31 December 2022, the equity allocated to the banking business

--- Page 154 ---
151 
 
was EUR 788 million. 
NN Bank currently has a total capital ratio target of 15.5%. However, DNB communicated that the 
countercyclical capital buffer requirement will increase to 1% from May 2023, with an intention to increase it 
to 2% by May 2024. This increase in capital requirements will be reflected in NN Bank’s total capital target 
which may also impact dividends to be paid out to the Group therefore. 
Products 
NN Bank’s banking product offering, with mortgages and savings as its key products, includes the following: 
 
Mortgages; 
 
Bank annuities (banksparen); 
 
Savings products; and 
 
Retail investments.  
Furthermore NN Bank services mortgage portfolios with NN-labelled mortgage loans for NN business units 
and third parties, which results in fee income for NN Bank. In 2019, NN Bank established Woonnu B.V. 
(Woonnu), a 100% subsidiary of NN Bank. Woonnu B.V. is a new mortgage provider in the Dutch market 
focusing on sustainable living and offers mortgage solutions for the purchase of energy efficient properties 
and/or investments to increase the energy efficiency of residential properties. It is a platform, in which external 
investors can invest directly in the sustainability transition of the Dutch housing market.  
Other 
This segment comprises the reinsurance business (representing NN Re, at 31 December 2022 excluding results 
from certain reinsurance arrangements regarding the life insurance business of NN Czech Republic, NN Hellas 
and NN Life Japan SME Life insurance business), the holding result and other results. The Other segment had 
an operating result of EUR -172 million in 2022. As at 31 December 2022, the equity allocated to the Other 
segment (excluding Japan Closed Block VA) was EUR 344 million. The allocated equity of the Other segment 
mainly comprises the allocated equity of the reinsurance business (EUR 152 million, excluding Japan Closed 
Block VA), as well as the cash capital position at the holding company (EUR 2,081 million), subordinated loans 
provided to NN Life, NN Non-Life, NN Belgium and NN Bank (EUR 2,429 million) and other net assets of the 
holding company and other legacy and corporate entities (EUR 1,475 million, an amount of EUR 1,058 million 
thereof consisting of the acquisition intangibles and goodwill mainly as a result of the acquisition of Delta 
Lloyd, MetLife Greece and Poland) minus the financial leverage of the holding company NN Group (EUR 
5,792 million). 
NN Re 
NN Re is a reinsurance company within the Group located in the Netherlands. NN Re primarily offers 
reinsurance to the Group’s businesses. As reinsurer, NN Re is the only business unit within the Group licensed 
to reinsure both life and non-life risks, hence providing extra diversification opportunities. Within the Solvency 
II environment, NN Re has been playing an important role in optimising the Group’s risk management activities 
mostly regarding the non-life risks and its capital allocation. NN Re currently reinsures, amongst others, the 
minimum guarantee obligations of the Variable Annuity (VA) portfolios of the Group’s European business units 
as well as the Japan Closed Block VA and hedges most of the underlying market risks from the reinsured 
guarantees. Reinsurance has also been provided to the Czech Branch of NN Life, NN Non-life and several NN 
business units in international business segments, most notably NN Hellas and NN Life Japan. NN Re manages 
the risks and the run-off of the former Delta Lloyd Non-Life’s external inward reinsurance book. NN Re 
(Netherlands) N.V. has an A financial strength rating from S&P.

--- Page 155 ---
152 
 
In 2022, the reinsurance business in the Other segment had an operating result of EUR 12 million. As at 31 
December 2022, the equity allocated to the reinsurance business of NN Re reported under the Other segment 
(excluding Japan Closed Block VA) was EUR 152 million. 
Products 
NN Re’s core product is reinsurance. Reinsurance enables NN’s insurance businesses to mitigate their risk, to 
reduce their claims/earnings volatility, and in line with their risk mitigation, also to relieve their capital 
requirements to increase their underwriting capacity. NN Re aims to apply intra-group risk transfer to enhance 
NN’s overall capital efficiency through improved risk diversification. NN Re also supports NN’s insurance 
businesses in pricing, managing risk and developing new products. 
NN Re offers reinsurance contracts for life as well as non-life insurance. For non-life insurance, the in-force 
business mostly relates to the Netherlands, Belgium and Spain. For life insurance, NN Re’s portfolio is spread 
over all countries in which NN is active. 
The largest customer of NN Re is NN Life Japan. NN Re reinsures the minimum guarantee obligations of the 
closed block VA portfolio of NN Life Japan, and material parts of the SME Life insurance business sold by NN 
Life Japan since 2017. NN Re reinsures variable annuity policies sold by NN’s Insurance Europe segment, in 
particular NN Belgium, Nationale-Nederlanden Spain and NN Hungary. 
Risk management 
NN Re manages its risks through ceding excess risk to external reinsurers and hedging (a major part of) its 
market risks. The hedge objective of the variable annuity hedge programme is to mitigate market risks and to 
enter into positions with appropriately offsetting risk characteristics such as derivatives contracts. 
Holding and other results 
The holding result included in the Other segment comprises the interest paid on hybrids and debt, the 
amortisation of intangibles and the head office expenses that are not allocated to the business segments. 
Financial information7 
The graph below illustrates the Issuer’s guidance of long-term mid single-digit growth of OCG: 
 
Long-term OCG growth drivers  
Netherlands  
Life 
 
Long-term sustainable OCG from in-force 
capital release and growth in DC 
Insurance 
International 
 
In Europe, higher value of new business 
(VNB) driven by gross domestic products 
(GDP) growth, protection 
underpenetration, and distribution 
capabilities  
 
In Japan, ongoing shift to protection and 
unique sales support 
Netherlands  
Non-life 
 
Supported by long-term GDP growth, 
underwriting improvements and selective 
growth opportunities 
                                                          
7  The FY2021 and FY2022 results that are presented in this Prospectus are based on IFRS 4. As of 2023, NN’s financial reporting 
will be based on IFRS 9/17. This means that NN may present FY2022 results in the future that deviate from the FY2022 results 
presented in this Prospectus. 
Operating capital generation
Netherlands Life
Insurance International
Banking
Asset Management2
Netherlands Non-life
2019
2021
2030E
Other3
Illustrative development of OCG1

--- Page 156 ---
153 
 
Banking 
 
Gradual NIM4 expansion and moderate 
increase of mortgages 
1. 
Defined as Own Funds generation (before eligibility) and SCR release (at 100%). Illustrative development based on current 
regulatory framework and June 2022 markets 
2. 
Asset Management business (NN IP) was sold in April 2022 
3. 
Segment Other includes holding expenses, debt costs and the contribution from NN Re 
4. 
Net Interest Margin

--- Page 157 ---
154 
 
The table below sets out the strong OCG of the Issuer:  
OCG by segment (EUR million) 
FY22 
FY21 
Netherlands Life 
1,142 
846 
Netherlands Non-life 
280 
325 
Insurance Europe 
388 
318 
Japan Life 
115 
129 
Banking 
35 
104 
Other 
-280 
-272 
OCG excl. Asset Management 
1,681 
1,449 
Asset Management 
31 
135 
Operating capital generation 
1,711 
1,584 
 
The graph and explanations below show the three-pillar capital framework of the Issuer: 
Three-pillar capital framework  
 
Approach, based on risk appetite; markets 
and macro economic outlook, OCG 
expectations and upcoming regulatory and 
model changes taken into account 
 
In the case of a solvency ratio sustainably 
>200% opportunity for additional share 
buyback above EUR 250m 
 
In comfort zone focus on organic growth, 
potential re-risking, progressive dividend 
per share and annual share buyback of up 
to EUR 250m 
 
Operating units managed at commercial 
capital target levels 
 
Netherlands Life managed on stable and 
sustainable remittances 
 
Cash capital at holding 
 
Cash capital held at Holding to cover at 
least 1-in-20 shocks of the underlying 
entities and to fund holding costs 
 
Financial leverage 
 
Maintain financial leverage and 
fixed-cost cover ratio consistent with a 
Single ‘A’ financial strength rating 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Discretion
Opportunity
Comfort
Solvency ratio
200%
150%
Solvency
1
2
3

--- Page 158 ---
155 
 
Solvency ratio supported by strong OCG in volatile markets  
The graph below reflects the Issuer’s solvency ratio at 31 December 2022 which is supported by strong OCG 
in 2022 in volatile markets:    
  
1 Eligible Own Funds and Solvency Capital Requirement; Includes available and 
required regulatory capital for Solvency II entities, Japan Life, Asset 
Management, Banking and CEE pension funds 
2 OCG includes Solvency II entities, Japan Life, Asset Management, Banking and 
CEE pension funds, as well as the accruals of the qualifying debt and holding 
expenses 
3 Other includes model and assumption changes, the change of non-available Own 
Funds and non-eligible Own Funds and special items related to non-Solvency II 
regulated entities and the holding company, as well as the change in SCR as a 
result of asset portfolio changes 
 
FY22 OCG up 8% to EUR 1.7 billion, 
adding 18%-points to the solvency ratio  
 
Market variance mainly reflects changes in 
credit spreads and lower equity markets, 
partly offset by changes in interest rates 
 
Other includes the positive impact from the 
sale of NN IP, partly offset by the acquisition 
of MetLife Poland and Greece and the UFR 
reduction 
 
Capital flows reflect the regular EUR 250m 
and 
additional 
EUR 
750m 
buyback 
programmes completed in December 2022, 
as well as the full-year 2022 dividend 
 
OCG is an Alternative Performance Measure that is not a measure under IFRS-EU. In addition, NN Group 
discloses a number of other metrics (that are not defined in IFRS and/or not defined in regulatory capital 
legislation). As these are not derived from comparable metrics under IFRS, these cannot be reconciled to an 
IFRS equivalent. These other metrics are explained in the 2022 Financial Statements in the section “Alternative 
Performance Measures (Non-GAAP measures)” in Note 33 “Segments”.

--- Page 159 ---
156 
 
The bridge of the Issuer’s 2022 operating result to net result is set out below: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 Includes realised capital gains/losses and impairments, revaluations and market & other impacts 
 
 
Remittances from subsidiaries 
The table below provides an overview of remittances from subsidiaries of the Issuer: 
Remittances from subsidiaries (EUR million) 
FY22 
FY21 
FY20 
Netherlands Life
1
 
1,171 
1,048 
930 
Netherlands Non-life
1
 
176 
123 
62 
Insurance Europe
1,2
 
172 
192 
77 
Japan Life 
75 
146 
119 
Asset Management 
- 
110 
81 
Banking
1
 
113 
138 
1 
Reinsurance business 
45 
60 
30 
Other 
1 
18 
9 
Total 
1,753 
1,835 
1,310 
 
Operating result to net result (EUR million)  
Taxation 
Special items
Operating result
Non-operating items
1
Acquisition intangibles
and goodwill
Result on divestments
Minority interests 
Net result
1,743 
-993 
-136 
-30 
1,077 
-95 
-4 
-1,562 
1. 
Includes interest on subordinated loans provided to subsidiaries by the holding company 
2. 
Refers to Insurance Europe entities’ consolidated totals excluding NN Czech Life insurance business (branch of NN Life)

--- Page 160 ---
157 
 
 
(Financial) targets 
The financial targets of the Issuer are (i) OCG in 2025 of EUR 1.8 billion and (ii) mid-single digit growth of 
free cash flow. 
Recent Developments 
NN Group completes the legal mergers of the former MetLife businesses in Poland and Greece 
On 2 January 2023, NN Group announced that it has completed the legal mergers of the former MetLife 
businesses in Poland and Greece. The legal mergers follow the completion of the acquisition process of the 
former MetLife business operations in both countries. In Greece, the legal merger became effective on 29 
December 2022. In Poland, the life insurance companies of Nationale-Nederlanden Poland and the former 
MetLife Poland were legally merged on 2 January 2023. 
NN Group completes sale of NN Investment Partners 
On 11 April 2022, NN Group announced the completion of the sale of its asset manager NN Investment Partners 
(NN IP) to Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. The completion of the transaction follows the fulfilment of the 
customary closing conditions, including receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals. The agreement on the 
sale of NN IP and the ten-year strategic partnership with Goldman Sachs Asset Management were announced 
on 19 August 2021. 
NN Life & Pensions completes acquisition of the life insurance subsidiary of ABN AMRO 
Levensverzekering N.V. 
NN Group, ABN AMRO Bank N.V. (“ABN AMRO Bank”) and their joint venture Nationale-Nederlanden ABN 
AMRO Verzekeringen Holding B.V.  (“AAV”) announced on 15 July 2022 that they have completed the sale of 
the life insurance subsidiary of AAV to Nationale-Nederlanden Levensverzekering Maatschappij N.V. (“NN 
Life & Pensions”). The closing of the transaction, which was announced on 15 February 2022, follows the 
fulfilment of customary closing conditions, including receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals.  
The transaction is in line with NN Life & Pension’s strategy to achieve further efficiencies by leveraging its 
existing closed book capabilities. 
AAV is a joint venture between NN Group (51%) and ABN AMRO Bank (49%) that provides insurance 
products and services to over one million retail and corporate customers. NN Group already consolidates the 
life insurance activities of AAV. As previously announced, ABN AMRO Bank and NN Group have agreed to 
extend their successful cooperation in AAV by 5 years until 2038, if certain customary performance criteria are 
met. Following the transaction, AAV will focus on its non-life insurance business and its insurance broker 
activities. 
Ukraine 
In February 2022, Russian troops invaded Ukraine. At the date of this Prospectus, the war is still continuing 
with no clear outcome and millions of Ukrainians had fled their homes. NN does not have business activities in 
Ukraine or Russia, and our direct financial exposure to these countries is limited. However, the Russian military 
actions and the resulting sanctions, as well as any possible escalation thereof, could further adversely affect the 
global economy and financial markets. Any Russian response could also disrupt commercial and financial

--- Page 161 ---
158 
 
transactions. Further, the conflict between Ukraine and Russia has already fuelled international tensions, 
resulting in market volatility, increased inflation, shortage of energy supply and increase in energy prices and 
impacting capital flows and could further adversely impact the global supply chain and disrupt our operations 
or negatively impact the demand for our products in our primary end markets. Moreover, Russia's invasion of 
Ukraine has led to sanctions, export controls and other penalties being levied by the United States, European 
Union and other countries against Russia, Belarus, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk 
People’s Republic, and the so-called Luhansk People’s Republic. These financial sanctions include, as of the 
date of this Prospectus, substantial capital markets and financial restrictions to target Russian national banks 
and other entities, as well as deposits and investment by Russian nationals, residents and entities. These 
sanctions impose a limitation of the Russian’s banks to conclude transactions in foreign currencies, including 
the limitation of use of the SWIFT messaging system, wide-ranging restrictions on trade in goods and associated 
services, dealings with transferable securities or money market instruments of any maturity, prohibit a dealings 
in new debt and equity issued by certain Russian banks and its affiliates and to provide services on trading 
venues for transferable securities. Additional potential sanctions and penalties have also been proposed or 
threatened. The aforementioned actions and circumstances could result in a materially adverse impact to NN’s 
financial results. 
Supervision and regulation applicable to NN’s business 
Solvency II  
As of 1 January 2016, the solvency framework and prudential regime, known as “Solvency II”, has become 
applicable to insurance companies, reinsurance companies and insurance holding companies.  
Under Pillar 1 of Solvency II, insurers are required to hold own funds equal to or in excess of a SCR. Solvency 
II categorises own funds into three tiers with differing qualifications as eligible available regulatory capital. The 
SCR is defined as the loss in basic own funds resulting from a 1-in-200 year adverse event over a one-year 
period. The internal risk capital framework is a combination of Internal Model and Standard Formula 
components. The largest component covering all major Dutch insurance entities uses internally developed 
methodologies for modelling the market, business and insurance risks to determine the solvency position for 
local reporting and Group consolidation purposes. For the EU-based international insurance businesses and 
some smaller insurance undertakings in the Netherlands, the Issuer uses the Solvency II Standard Formula to 
calculate the SCR for local reporting and for Group consolidation. Furthermore, the capital requirement for 
operational risk is based on the Standard Formula approach across the group. Finally, the non-insurance 
businesses, NN Bank and international insurance undertakings not based in the EU are consolidated in the group 
SCR based on the (local) applicable (sectoral) capital requirements under equivalence. The total group SCR is 
obtained from the Internal Model and Standard Formula capital requirements using EIOPA’s integration 
technique 3. The Issuer’s Solvency II capital ratio can be found in the 2022 Financial Statements, which have 
been incorporated by reference, on page 282 of the 2022 Annual Report.  
The Issuer’s Solvency II capital ratios and its Dutch insurance subsidiaries do not include any contingent 
liability potentially arising from unit-linked products sold, issued or advised on by the Issuer’s Dutch insurance 
subsidiaries in the past, as this potential liability cannot be reliably estimated or quantified at this point. It should 
also be noted that the Solvency II capital ratio is amongst others subject to certain sensitivities to various market 
shocks, of which the impact can fluctuate over time. The Issuer’s Solvency II capital ratio sensitivities at 31 
December 2022 can be found in the 2022 Financial Statements, which have been incorporated by reference, on 
page 260-270 of the 2022 Annual Report. 
Under Pillar 2 of Solvency II, regulated European insurance entities are required to produce an own risk and 
solvency assessment (“ORSA”). The Issuer (and each of its regulated insurance subsidiaries) produces an 
ORSA at least once a year. In the ORSA, the Issuer articulates its strategy and risk appetite, describes its key

--- Page 162 ---
159 
 
risks and how they are managed, analyses whether or not its capital models appropriately reflect the actual risk 
profile, and how susceptible the capital position is to shocks through stress and scenario testing, all in order to 
assess whether the company is adequately capitalized over the planning period. Stress testing examines the 
effect of severe but plausible scenarios on the capital position of the Issuer. Stress testing can also be initiated 
outside ORSA, either internally or by external parties such as DNB and European Insurance and Occupational 
Pensions Authority (“EIOPA”). The Issuer’s banking and investment management operations, at least once a 
year, run an internal capital adequacy assessment process (“ICAAP”) in conformity with Basel II requirements. 
ICAAP tests whether current capital positions are adequate for the financial risks that the relevant Group entities 
bear. 
Dutch Intervention Act 
In June 2012, the Dutch Intervention Act (Wet bijzondere maatregelen financiële ondernemingen) came into 
force in the Netherlands, with retroactive effect from 20 January 2012. The Dutch Intervention Act grants far-
reaching new powers to DNB and the Dutch Minister of Finance to intervene in situations where an institution, 
including a financial group such as NN, faces financial difficulties or where there is a serious and immediate 
risk to the stability of the Dutch financial system caused by an institution in difficulty. Under the Dutch 
Intervention Act, substantial new powers have been granted to DNB and the Dutch Minister of Finance enabling 
them to deal with ailing Dutch banks and insurance companies, as well as holding companies of insurance 
companies and financial conglomerates prior to insolvency. The measures allow them to commence proceedings 
which may lead to (a) the transfer of all or part of the business (including, in the case of a bank, deposits) of an 
ailing bank or insurance company to a private sector purchaser, (b) the transfer of all or part of the business of 
an ailing bank or insurance company to a “bridge entity”, (c) the transfer of the shares in an ailing bank or 
insurance company to a private sector purchaser or a “bridge entity”, (d) immediate interventions by the Dutch 
Minister of Finance concerning an ailing bank or insurance company, and (e) public ownership (nationalisation) 
of (i) all or part of the business of an ailing bank or insurance company or (ii) all or part of the shares or other 
securities issued by an ailing bank or insurance company or its holding company. The Dutch Intervention Act 
also contains measures that limit the ability of counterparties to invoke contractual rights (such as contractual 
rights to terminate or to invoke a right of set-off or to require security to be posted) if the right to exercise such 
rights is triggered by intervention of DNB or the Dutch Minister of Finance based on the Dutch Intervention 
Act or by a circumstance which is the consequence of such intervention. There is a risk that the exercise of 
powers by DNB or the Dutch Minister of Finance under the Dutch Intervention Act could have a material 
adverse effect on the performance by the failing institution, including the Issuer, of its payment and other 
obligations under debt securities, including the Notes, or result in the expropriation, write-off, write-down or 
conversion of securities such as shares and debt obligations issued by the failing institution or its parent, 
including the Issuer.  
The Dutch Intervention Act was amended on 26 November 2015 as a result of the entry into force of the EU 
Directive on the recovery and resolution of credit institutions, investments firms and certain holding companies, 
which was approved by the European Parliament on 15 April 2014 and of which the final text was published in 
the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 (the “Recovery and Resolution Directive”). The 
Recovery and Resolution Directive also contains provisions that apply to mixed financial holding companies, 
and thus to the Issuer, including the right of bail-in of creditors. The majority of the implementing provisions 
relate to investment firms (and to a lesser extent credit institutions) whilst no material amendments are made in 
respect of the intervention powers regarding insurance companies. Furthermore, the terms of debt securities, 
including the Notes, may be varied (e.g. the variation of maturity of a debt instrument). The Dutch Intervention 
Act and the Recovery and Resolution Directive aim to ensure that financial public support will only be used as 
a last resort after having assessed and exploited, to the maximum extent practicable, the resolution tools, 
including the bail-in tool.

--- Page 163 ---
160 
 
With the entry into force of the R&R Act (described below), many of the rules that were introduced by Dutch 
Intervention Act have been repealed and the emergency regulation (noodregeling) and safety-net-scheme 
(opvangregeling) are abolished. 
Insurance guarantee schemes  
Certain jurisdictions in which NN’s insurance subsidiaries operate require that life insurers doing business 
within the jurisdiction participate in guarantee associations, which raise funds to pay contractual benefits owed 
pursuant to insurance policies issued by impaired, insolvent or failed insurers. The occurrence of such a 
guarantee event may give rise to an obligation on the relevant insurance subsidiary to pay significant amounts 
under the guarantee. Insurance guarantee schemes may also oblige insurers to make annual payments to the 
guarantee association. An insurance guarantee scheme has been in place in Japan since 1999, and NN is obliged 
to make annual contributions to the guarantee scheme. The EC has been discussing EU-wide insurance 
guarantee schemes for several years. On 9 July 20019 EIOPA has published a Consultation Paper on 
Harmonisation of National Insurance Guarantee Schemes. This consultation took place in the context of 
proposals for the Solvency II 2020 Review. EIOPA has set out its advice on the harmonisation of national 
insurance guarantee schemes in its final Opinion on the 2020 review of Solvency II which was published on 17 
December 2020. As at the date of this Prospectus, no EC legislative proposals have yet been published. Any 
introduction of insurance guarantee schemes to which NN is subject may impact NN’s results or operations. 
Dutch law on recovery and resolution of insurers 
On 1 January 2019, the Dutch Act on Recovery and Resolution of Insurers (Wet herstel en afwikkeling 
verzekeraars, the “R&R Act”) came into force in the Netherlands, replacing the previously applicable 
intervention regime for insurance companies in the Netherlands faced with financial difficulties. Amongst other 
things, the R&R Act (i) expands and improves DNB’s tools, including bail-in tools to write down debt or convert 
debt into equity, for recovering and resolving insurers in an orderly manner to protect the interests of the 
policyholders and (ii) opens the possibility to pay advances (voorschotten) to policyholders of an insolvent 
insurer prior to the bankruptcy verification meeting (verificatievergadering). The powers under the R&R Act 
may also extend to entities other than insurance or reinsurance entities in the Netherlands that are part of the 
group. In addition, the R&R Act will allow DNB to require a Dutch insurance or reinsurance company or a 
group to remove, ex ante, impediments to effective resolution of a Dutch insurance or reinsurance undertaking 
(such as the revision of financing arrangements, the reduction of exposures, the transfer of assets, the 
termination or limitation of business activities, or the prohibition to start certain business activities, change the 
legal or operational structure of the group, or securing certain critical business lines). The risks related to the 
R&R Act may be comparable to the risks described above in relation to the Dutch Intervention Act. However, 
as the R&R Act has come into force recently, the Group at this time is unable to predict what effects, if any, and 
any actions taken under the R&R Act may have in respect of the exercise of the Dutch bail-in power stemming 
from the R&R Act.  
Potential harmonisation of Recovery and Resolution frameworks for Insurers 
On 22 September 2021, the European Commission adopted a proposal for an Insurance Recovery and 
Resolution Directivee (“IRRD”). On 27 July 2022 several amendments to the proposal were published. The 
proposed IRRD is similar to a directive applicable to the recovery and resolution of banks in Europe. If adopted 
in its current form, it would provide for a variety of planning and preventative measures to minimise the 
likelihood of insurance undertakings requiring public financial support, and for the initiation of resolution 
procedures for insurance undertakings that are failing or likely to fail, where there is no prospect that private 
sector alternatives or supervisory measures can avert failure. The proposed IRRD provides, in case of resolution, 
for the application of a number of resolution tools, including in particular the write-down and conversion tool, 
which would allow resolution authorities to write down or convert to equity capital instruments and certain

--- Page 164 ---
161 
 
other liabilities of insurance undertakings, generally in inverse order of their ranking in liquidation, so that the 
tool would apply first to equity instruments, then Tier 1 own funds, then Tier 2 own funds, then Tier 3 own 
funds, and then to other instruments with a higher ranking in liquidation. The proposed planning and 
preventative measure are to a large extent similar to those under the R&R Act.  
Insurance Distribution Directive and PRIIPs Regulation  
Sales of NN’s insurance and packaged retail investment products are required to comply with the PRIIPs 
Regulation and with Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 
on insurance distribution (recast) (the “IDD”). The IDD is implemented via the Implementation Act Insurance 
Distribution Directive (Wet implementatie richtlijn verzekeringsdistributie) into Dutch law as of 9 March 2019. 
The PRIIPs Regulation and the IDD are aimed at levelling the playing field for the sale and disclosure of 
insurance and packaged retail investment products to strengthen consumer protection. The PRIIPs Regulation 
addresses disclosure rules for packaged retail investment products and introduces a new standard for product 
information called a “Key Information Document” or “KID”. The IDD addresses sales and disclosure rules for 
insurance products, including additional sales rules for insurance investment products. The most material risk 
of the PRIIPs Regulation and the IDD for NN is the increased regulatory burden and the restrictions these 
impose on the NN’s flexibility to sell its products. 
Remuneration 
As from 2011, credit institutions and investment firms based in Member States have to comply with the variable 
pay constraints following from CRD III. These CRD III rules have been revised and as from 2014, credit 
institutions and investment firms based in Member States have to comply with the variable pay constraints 
following from CRD IV, including a bonus cap of 100 per cent. of fixed pay (or 200 per cent. if shareholders 
approve) for identified staff. These variable pay constraints are applicable to all operations of credit institutions 
and investment firms based in Member States (including their operations outside the EU). These variable pay 
constraints following from CRD IV were implemented in Dutch law on 1 August 2014. As a result, the variable 
pay constraints stemming from CRD IV apply directly to the bank and investment management activities of 
NN. These pay constraints may limit NN’s ability to attract and retain talented staff. CRD IV allows Member 
States to introduce a more restrictive bonus cap.  
On 7 February 2015, the Act on Remuneration Policies in Financial Enterprises (Wet beloningsbeleid financiële 
ondernemingen) (“ARPFE”) entered into force which is also applicable to Dutch-based insurance companies 
and banks. The ARPFE introduces a cap for variable remuneration of 20 per cent. of fixed remuneration for all 
staff in the Netherlands. In the ARPFE, the following exceptions to the 20 per cent. cap are included: (i) for 
staff in the Netherlands whose remuneration does not exclusively fall under a collective labour agreement, the 
20 per cent. cap does not apply on an individual basis, but it applies to the average variable remuneration of 
such staff whereby the maximum variable remuneration is capped at 100 per cent of the fixed remuneration of 
each individual; (ii) for staff that work predominantly outside of the Netherlands, but within the EU, there is an 
individual variable remuneration cap of 100 per cent. of fixed remuneration; (iii) for staff that work 
predominantly outside the EU, an individual variable remuneration cap of 200 per cent. of fixed remuneration 
applies, subject to shareholder approval and notification to the regulator; and (iv) the 20 per cent. cap does not 
apply to legal entities whose regular business is managing one or more collective investment undertakings 
which are subject to AIFMD or UCITS. In addition, the ARPFE also covers a number of other topics, such as 
strict conditions on severance pay, prohibition on guaranteed bonuses and claw-back of variable remuneration 
and severance pay. Although exceptions to the 20 per cent. cap are available, these new pay constraints may 
limit NN’s ability to attract and retain talented staff.  
On 1 January 2023 the Act on further remuneration rules (Wet nadere beloningsregels) entered into force. This 
law introduces additional remuneration rules that, amongst other things, (i) introduce a retention period for

--- Page 165 ---
162 
 
share awards that are part of fixed remuneration received by statutory board members and employees of a 
financial institution such as a bank or insurance company and (ii) aim to limit the scope of the exception to the 
20 per cent cap for staff in the Netherlands whose remuneration does not exclusively fall under a collective 
labour agreement. These new pay constraints may limit NN’s ability to attract and retain talent.  
Basel IV/CRD IV/EU Banking Reforms 
Regulatory requirements with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity, as proposed by the Basel Committee 
on Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee") and being implemented in the European Union through, 
among others, the CRD IV Directive and the CRR, as these are amended from time to time. These requirements 
are subject to ongoing change, and are expected to become more stringent. This is especially due to the 
implementation and entry into force of the change to CRD IV Directive by virtue of Directive (EU) 2019/878 
(CRD V) (which was implemented for the most part in Dutch law as of 29 December 2020) and the CRR by 
virtue of Regulation (EU) 2019/876 (CRR II) (which for the most part applies as of 28 June 2021) included in 
the EU banking package adopted in April 2019 (the "EU Banking Reforms") and the finalised Basel III reforms 
as published on 7 December 2017 (the "Basel III Reforms") (informally referred to as Basel IV). The foregoing 
measures are expected to require NN Bank to attract and retain additional and/or enhanced capital and liquidity, 
and will impact the day-to-day banking business. Notable changes that will affect NN Bank’s business includes 
changes to the requirements for the risk-weighting of mortgages and the introduction of an output floor. NN 
Bank expects that as of 2023, due to the Basel III Reforms its RWA will increase to a limited extent and that its 
CET1 capital ratio will be (adversely) affected to a limited extent as a consequence. Furthermore and finally, 
the impact of these changes to the applicable prudential regime is still to be fully determined by NN Bank. This 
is among others due to the fact that the EU Banking Reforms and Basel III Reforms are still subject (in part) to 
further implementation in EU or national laws. 
The BRRD II and the SRM Regulation set out a common European recovery and resolution framework 
applicable to banks and certain investment firms, group entities (including financial institutions subject to 
consolidated supervision) and (to a limited extent) branches of equivalent non-EEA banks and investment firms. 
In connection therewith, the SRM and BRRD II recognize and enable the application of the recovery and 
resolution framework both on the level of an individual entity as well as on a group level. The below should be 
read in the understanding that NN Bank or any entity belonging to the Group may become subject to 
requirements and measures under the SRM and BRRD II not only with a view to or as a result of its individual 
financial situation, but also, in certain circumstances, with a view to or as a result of the financial situation of 
the group that it forms part of. Moreover, for the avoidance of doubt, the below requirements and measures may 
also apply to any such group entity of NN Bank, which may include the NN Covered Bond Company B.V. 
Currently, DNB in its capacity of national resolution authority ("NRA") shall perform resolution tasks and 
responsibilities under the SRM with respect to NN Bank (as a less significant institution under the Single 
Supervisory Mechanism). Therefore, if NN Bank would be deemed no longer viable (or one or more other 
conditions apply) the NRA may decide to write-down, reduce, redeem and cancel or convert relevant capital 
instruments of NN Bank, such as Common Equity Tier 1, Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments, in principle 
in a certain order. A write down or conversion into shares of capital instruments could adversely affect the 
market value of their Covered Bonds. 
If NN Bank would be deemed to fail or likely to fail and the other resolution conditions would also be met, the 
NRA may decide to place NN Bank under resolution. It may decide to apply certain resolution tools. These 
resolution tools include the sale of business tool, the bridge institution tool and the asset separation tool, each 
of which, in summary, provides for a transfer of certain assets and/or liabilities of the institution under resolution 
to a third party. In addition, the SRM provides for the bail-in tool. The bail-in tool may be applied to recapitalise 
NN Bank (whether or not in combination with one of the aforementioned transfer tools) or convert into claims 
which may give right to shares or other instruments of ownership or into rights with respect to to-be-issued

--- Page 166 ---
163 
 
shares or other instruments of ownership or reduce the principal amount of claims or debt instruments of NN 
Bank that have been transferred pursuant to one of the aforementioned transfer tools. The bail-in tool extends 
further than the relevant capital instruments of NN Bank, and may also result in the write-down or conversion 
into shares of eligible liabilities in accordance with a certain order of priority.  
An exemption applies to covered bonds pursuant to which covered bonds should normally be exempted from 
the applicability of the write-down and conversion powers described above. However, this exemption does not 
apply if and to the extent the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the covered bonds of NN Bank would 
exceed the value of the collateral available to secure such covered bonds. In addition, it is uncertain what would 
constitute collateral for such purpose in the context of the covered bonds and how and when during any such 
bail-in intervention the value of such collateral (and/or any guarantee) would be determined. The resolution 
framework as described above provides for certain safeguards against a partial transfer and the exercise of 
certain resolution powers in respect of covered bonds, which aims to ensure that rights arising out of covered 
bonds will not be affected by such partial transfer or exercise of such resolution power.  
In addition to the resolution powers described above, the NRA may decide to terminate or amend any agreement 
to which NN Bank is a party or replace NN Bank as a party thereto. Furthermore, DNB may, subject to certain 
conditions, suspend the exercise of certain rights of counterparties vis-à-vis NN Bank or suspend the 
performance of payment or delivery obligations of NN Bank. In addition, pursuant to Dutch law, certain 
counterparty rights may be excluded.  
To ensure that bail-in can be effectively applied, a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
"MREL") applies to NN Bank under the BRRD II and SRM Regulation. The MREL framework is intended to 
make sure that NN Bank can absorb losses expected in resolution or at the point of non-viability and to be 
recapitalised after the implementation of resolution actions. The MREL is subject to ongoing changes, and is 
expected to become more stringent. This is especially due to the implementation and entry into force of the 
changes to BRRD II and SRM Regulation forming part of the EU Banking Reforms. Upcoming changes to 
MREL, as applicable to NN Bank, may result in NN Bank having to issue a significant amount of additional 
MREL eligible liabilities in order to meet the new requirements within the required timeframe. If NN Bank 
were to experience difficulties in raising MREL eligible liabilities, it may have to reduce its lending or 
investments in other operations which would have a material adverse effect on NN Bank's business, financial 
position and results of operations. 
In addition to the BRRD II and SRM Regulation, the Dutch Financial Supervision Act enables the Dutch 
Minister of Finance to intervene with a bank established in the Netherlands, such as NN Bank, if the Minister 
of Finance is of the view that the stability of the financial system is in serious and immediate danger due to the 
situation of the relevant bank. These powers, among others, consist of the expropriation of assets and/or 
liabilities (onteigening van vermogensbestanddelen) of NN Bank, claims against NN Bank and securities issued 
by or with the cooperation of NN Bank. 
It is possible that the NRA may use its powers under the BRRD II or SRM Regulation or the Dutch Financial 
Supervision Act in a way that could result in debt instruments of NN Bank absorbing losses. The use of these 
could negatively affect the position of the holders of such debt instruments and the credit rating attached to debt 
instruments then outstanding and could result in losses to the holders of such debt instruments, in particular if 
and when any of the above proceedings would be commenced against NN Bank. These measures and 
consequences could increase NN Bank's cost of funding and thereby have an adverse impact on NN Bank's 
financial position and results of operation. In addition, there could be amendments (including, but not limited 
to, the amendments discussed above) to the SRM and the BRRD II or the Dutch Financial Supervision Act, 
which may add to these effects.

--- Page 167 ---
164 
 
Finally, any perceived or actual indication that NN Bank is no longer viable, may become subject to recovery 
or resolution and/or does not meet its other recovery or resolution requirements (such as MREL) may have a 
material adverse impact on NN Bank's financial position, regulatory capital position and liquidity position, 
including increased costs of funding for regulatory purposes. 
EMIR  
The European Market Infrastructure Regulation 648/2012 (“EMIR”) entered into force in all the Member States 
on 16 August 2012. EMIR aimed to increase stability in European OTC derivatives markets and includes 
measures to require the clearing of certain OTC derivatives contracts through central clearing counterparties 
and to increase the transparency of OTC derivatives transactions. EMIR has meanwhile been reviewed and this 
led to two sets of changes:  
(i) EMIR REFIT (Regulation (EU) 2019/834 amending Regulation (EU) 648/2012 (EMIR)) as regards the 
clearing obligation, the suspension of the clearing obligation, the reporting requirements, the risk-mitigation 
techniques for over the counter (OTC) derivative contracts not cleared by a central counterparty (CCP), and 
was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 28 May 2019. It has entered into effect on 17 June 2019. 
(ii) EMIR 2.2 (Regulation (EU) 2019/2099 amending EMIR as regards the procedures and authorities involved 
for the authorisation of CCPs and requirements for the recognition of third-country CCPs which was published 
in the Official Journal of the EU on 12 December 2019 and has effect from 1 January 2020. 
Due to COVID-19, the phasing in of certain EMIR REFIT requirements with respect to the first change, more 
particularly the obligation to exchange initial margin if certain thresholds are surpassed in terms of outstanding 
notional non-cleared derivatives, has been delayed. When surpassing the relevant thresholds, NN may need to 
exchange initial margin with its OTC derivatives counterparties increasing the total costs of its non-cleared 
derivatives book. 
The second change is relevant in view of the fact that the Brexit transition period has ended on 1 January 2021. 
EMIR 2.2 defines the conditions for authorisation of third-country CCPs for the EU derivatives clearing market. 
CCPs located in the UK are currently in need of permanent recognition by the EU in order to be able to continue 
to serve EU-27 customers after the end of the temporary recognition granted by the European Commission until 
30 June 2022. On 8 February 2022, the European Commission extended the temporary recognition for UK 
CCPs until 30 June 2025. 
Prospective investors should be aware that the regulatory changes arising from the Brexit after the end of the 
transitional period may lead to an increase of the cost for NN of entering into and maintaining derivative 
contracts and may adversely affect its ability to engage in and/or maintain derivative contracts, for instance to 
hedge NN’s open financial market positions. 
International sanctions 
In various jurisdictions in which NN does business, it is subject to laws, regulations and other measures 
concerning transactions in certain countries and regions, and with certain individuals, that may result in the 
imposition of significant penalties and reputational harm should NN not fully comply with them. These 
legislative, regulatory and other measures include anti-terrorism measures, international sanctions, blockades, 
embargoes, blacklists and boycotts imposed by, amongst others, the EU, the United States and the United 
Kingdom. The scope and content of, and penalties that may result from, these legislative, regulatory and other 
measures have in the past, and may in the future, change, with limited or no forewarning and with retroactive 
effect. Moreover, these legislative, regulatory and other measures may lead to conflicting duties and 
prohibitions, making it difficult or even impossible for NN to comply, for instance as compliance with a duty 
under one such law may constitute a breach of a prohibition under another. These measures may also adversely

--- Page 168 ---
165 
 
affect NN’s ability or appetite to do business in certain jurisdictions and regions and with respect to certain 
types of customers and products. 
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
On 29 June 2016, EU Benchmarks Regulation was published in the official journal and applies from 1 January 
2018. The EU Benchmarks Regulation aims to contribute to the accuracy and integrity of benchmarks used in 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds by, among 
others, (i) ensuring that benchmark administrators are subject to prior authorisation and supervision depending 
on the type of benchmark, requiring greater transparency on how a benchmark is produced, and (ii) ensuring 
the appropriate supervision of critical benchmarks, such as EURIBOR, the failure of which might create risks 
for market participants and for the functioning and integrity of markets; and (iii) requiring EU supervised 
entities to only use benchmarks of administrators that are duly authorised/registered. As user of benchmarks 
for, amongst others, the debt securities it issues, the Issuer may only use benchmarks which are in compliance 
with the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
Sustainability regulations  
NN is subject to increasing sustainability regulations, such as Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability‐
related disclosures in the financial services sector, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, and 
amending Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (the “Taxonomy Regulation”), the Regulation (EU) 2021/1257 
amending IDD regulations (EU) 2017/2358 and (EU) 2017/2359 the “IDD Amendment”) and Regulation (EU) 
2021/1256 amending Regulation (EU) 2015/35 (the “Solvency II sustainability risks Amendment”). In addition, 
the European Commission has adopted a proposal for a Directive on corporate sustainability due diligence 
(“CSDDD”) which would, among others, establish a corporate due diligence duty on companies to identify, 
end, prevent and mitigate negative human rights and environmental impact in the company’s own operations, 
its subsidairies and in its chain of activities. 
These regulations will for instance require NN to include detailed information at entity level and at product 
level with regard to certain financial products on whether or not it takes into account adverse sustainability 
impact, whether or not the relevant product promotes environmental or social characteristics or has sustainable 
investments as its objective. In addition, the Issuer is required to disclose in its annual report the extent to which 
its assets are exposed to Taxonomy Regulation eligible and non-eligible economic activities. According to the 
IDD Amendment, NN is required to integrate sustainability factors, risks and preferences into product oversight 
and governance requirements and into the conduct of business rules and investment advice for insurance-based 
investment products (IBIPs). Furthermore, the Solvency II sustainability risks Amendment provides additional 
rules on the integration of sustainability risks in NN’s governance.  
Finally, on 6 July 2021, the European Commission has proposed a draft Regulation to create the “European 
Green Bond Standard” (the “EuGB Regulation”). On 28 February 2023 a political agreement has been reached 
between the European Parliament and the Council on this proposal for the definition of a voluntary scheme for 
green bonds that meet the EuGB Regulation. After the legislative proposal will be finalized, the European green 
bond standard (“EUGBS”) will be available to companies that publish a Prospectus Regulation compliant 
prospectus and public entities that wish to raise funds on capital markets to finance or refinance assets and 
investments in compliance with the requirements of the EuGB Regulation. The standard will use the detailed 
definitions of green economic activities in the Taxonomy Regulation to define what is considered a green 
investment from an EU regulatory perspective. The standard is expected to be made available for issuers to 
make use of it from 2024.

--- Page 169 ---
166 
 
As NN will have to implement these regulations and expects to have to implement more sustainability-related 
regulations, this will lead to additional implementation and compliance costs for NN. 
Legal Proceedings  
General 
 
NN is involved in litigation and arbitration proceedings in the Netherlands and in a number of foreign 
jurisdictions, involving claims by and against NN which arise in the ordinary course of its business, including 
in connection with its activities as insurer, lender, seller, underwriter, issuer of securities and investor and its 
position as employer and taxpayer. In certain of such proceedings, very large or indeterminate amounts are 
sought, including punitive and other damages. Except as disclosed in this section, there are no governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Prospectus which may have or have had in the 
recent past significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group.  
Because of the geographic spread of its business, NN may be subject to tax audits in numerous jurisdictions at 
any point in time. Although the Issuer believes that it has adequately provided for its tax positions, the ultimate 
outcome of these audits may result in liabilities that are different from the amounts recognised. 
Unit-linked products in the Netherlands 
Since the end of 2006, unit-linked products (commonly referred to in Dutch as ‘beleggingsverzekeringen’) have 
received negative attention in the Dutch media, from the Dutch Parliament, the AFM and consumer protection 
organisations. Costs of unit-linked products sold in the past are perceived as too high and Dutch insurers are in 
general being accused of being less transparent in their offering of such unit-linked products. On 29 April 2015, 
the European Court of Justice issued its judgment on preliminary questions submitted by the District Court in 
Rotterdam, upon request of parties, including Nationale-Nederlanden, to obtain clarity on principal legal 
questions with respect to cost transparency in relation to unit-linked products. The main preliminary question 
considered by the European Court of Justice was whether European law permits the application of information 
requirements based on general principles of Dutch law that extend beyond information requirements as 
explicitly prescribed by laws and regulations in force at the time the policy was written. The European Court 
of Justice ruled that the information requirements prescribed by the applicable European directive may be 
extended by additional information requirements included in national law, provided that these requirements are 
necessary for a policyholder to understand the essential characteristics of the commitment and are clear, accurate 
and foreseeable. Dutch courts will need to take the interpretation of the European Court of Justice into account 
in relevant proceedings. 
In 2013 Woekerpolis.nl and in 2017 Consumentenbond and Wakkerpolis, all associations representing the 
interests of policyholders of Nationale-Nederlanden, individually initiated so-called ‘collective proceedings’ 
against Nationale-Nederlanden. These claims are all based on similar grounds and have been rejected by 
Nationale-Nederlanden and Nationale-Nederlanden defends itself in these legal proceedings.  
Woekerpolis.nl requested the District Court in Rotterdam to declare that Nationale-Nederlanden sold products 
which are defective in various respects. Woekerpolis.nl alleges that Nationale-Nederlanden failed to meet the 
required level of transparency regarding, cost charges and other product characteristics, failed to warn 
policyholders of certain product related risks, such as considerable stock depreciations, the inability to realise 
the projected final policy value, unrealistic capital projections due to differences in geometric versus arithmetic 
returns and that certain general terms and conditions regarding costs were unfair. On 19 July 2017, the District 
Court in Rotterdam rejected all claims of Woekerpolis.nl and ruled that Nationale-Nederlanden has generally 
provided sufficient information on costs and deductions. Woekerpolis.nl has lodged an appeal with the Court

--- Page 170 ---
167 
 
of Appeal in The Hague against the judgment of the District Court in Rotterdam. On 23 February 2021, the 
Court of Appeal in The Hague rendered an interim judgment submitting preliminary questions to the Dutch 
Supreme Court to obtain clarity on the interpretation of certain principle questions of law that are relevant in 
disputes concerning unit-linked policies. The questions concern the relationship between the specific Dutch 
regulations applicable to insurers regarding the provision of (pre)contractual information, and Dutch civil law 
and the impact thereon by European law. On 11 February 2022, the Supreme Court answered the questions of 
law submitted to it by the Court of Appeal in The Hague. The Supreme Court primarily considers that Dutch 
civil law is applicable to the legal relationship between insurer and policyholder. It is up to lower courts to 
decide whether Dutch civil law entails obligations to provide information in addition to the obligations arising 
from specific regulations and, if so, which obligations. The Supreme Court holds that if the lower courts were 
to decide that additional information obligations apply, such obligations must satisfy the criteria formulated by 
the European Court of Justice in the abovementioned judgment of 2015. This means that the courts have to 
judge whether these information obligations 1) pertain to information that is clear and accurate, 2) are necessary 
for a proper understanding of the essential characteristics of the unit-linked policy, and 3) enable the insurer to 
identify with sufficient foreseeability the additional information that must be provided and that the policyholder 
may expect. (Only) in case any potential obligation to provide additional information satisfies the 
aforementioned criteria, the policyholder can claim legal protection before the court. The preliminary judgment 
has no direct consequences for customers with a unit-linked policy. The Court of Appeal in The Hague resumed 
the collective proceedings between Woekerpolis.nl and Nationale-Nederlanden. Under Dutch law, judgments 
rendered by lower (including appellate) courts have no legal status as precedent and only bind parties in the 
respective legal proceedings. The Court of Appeal in The Hague is to independently asses all facts, 
circumstances, arguments, claims and counter arguments brought forward in the collective proceedings between 
Woekerpolis.nl and Nationale-Nederlanden. A judgment in appeal is expected in the second half of 2023. Any 
final judgment by the Court of Appeal is subject to cassation proceedings at the Dutch Supreme Court.  
Consumentenbond alleges that Nationale-Nederlanden failed to adequately inform policyholders on cost 
charges, deductions for life insurance cover and the leverage and capital consumption effect and that Nationale-
Nederlanden provided misleading capital projections. Consumentenbond requested the District Court in 
Rotterdam to order a recalculation of certain types of unit-linked insurance products and to declare that 
Nationale-Nederlanden is liable for any damage caused by a lack of information and misleading capital 
projections. On 29 July 2020, the District Court in Rotterdam rejected all claims of Consumentenbond. The 
court ruled that Nationale-Nederlanden has provided sufficient information on the effect of costs and deductions 
for life insurance cover included in the gross premium, leading to consensus between parties 
(‘wilsovereenstemming’) on these costs and deductions and on the manner in which these costs components are 
set off during the term of the insurance. Consumentenbond has lodged an appeal with the Court of Appeal in 
The Hague against the judgment of the District Court. The appeal proceedings commenced on 29 June 2021 
and are expected to resume in due course after a deferral in anticipation of the judgment in the preliminary 
proceedings before the Supreme Court mentioned above.  
Wakkerpolis’ and several individual policyholders’ claims primarily concentrate on the recovery of initial costs 
for policyholders, claiming that there is no contractual basis for settling these initial costs. In an interim 
judgment rendered on 22 April 2020, the District Court in Rotterdam in principle dismissed Wakkerpolis’ most 
important claim to recalculate unit-linked insurance policies without initial costs for policies taken out after 1 
July 1994. In its final judgment (in first instance) of 20 July 2022, the District Court in Rotterdam considered 
that for policies taken out after 1 July 1994, Nationale-Nederlanden has generally complied with its information 
obligations towards its policyholders, leading to consensus between parties on initial costs. Only with respect 
to policies taken out before 1 July 1994, the District Court in Rotterdam concluded that Nationale-Nederlanden 
did not (fully) comply with its information obligations and, therefore, a contractual basis for settling initial costs 
is absent. Nationale-Nederlanden has to recalculate these policies, as if the initial costs were never incurred,

--- Page 171 ---
168 
 
unless consensus between parties on initial costs can otherwise be established. For premium policies taken out 
between 1 July 1994 and 1 August 1999 that were surrendered early or converted into a paid-up policy, the 
District Court in Rotterdam ruled that settlement of initial costs upon surrender or conversion was allowed, but 
that Nationale-Nederlanden should apply a settlement period of five years instead of a settlement period of five 
to ten years, if that is more favourable for the policyholder. For policies taken out in the period 1 August 1999 
onwards, the District Court in Rotterdam found that Nationale-Nederlanden sufficiently informed policyholders 
of the consequences of early surrender or conversion into a paid-up policy for the value of the policy. 
Wakkerpolis lodged an appeal against the judgment of 20 July 2022. Although the judgment is largely in line 
with Nationale-Nederlanden’s views, Nationale-Nederlanden disagrees with the District Court in Rotterdam on 
a number of points and will lodge a cross appeal. In the context of the ongoing proceedings against Nationale-
Nederlanden, Nationale-Nederlanden does not disclose further details on the (potential) financial impact of this 
judgment. 
There has been for some time and there continues to be political, regulatory and public attention focused on the 
unit-linked issue in general. Elements of unit-linked policies are being challenged or may be challenged on 
multiple legal grounds in current and future legal proceedings. There is a risk that one or more of those legal 
challenges will succeed. Customers of the Issuer’s Dutch insurance subsidiaries have claimed, among others, 
that (a) the investment risk, costs charged or the deductions was or were not, or not sufficiently, made clear to 
the customer, (b) the product costs charged on initial sale and on an ongoing basis were so high that the expected 
return on investment was not realistically achievable, (c) the product sold to the customer contained specific 
risks that were not, or not sufficiently, made clear to the customer (such as the leverage capital consumption 
risk) or was not suited to the customer’s personal circumstances, (d) the insurer owed the customer a duty of 
care which the insurer has breached, (e) the insurer failed to warn of the risk of not realising the projected policy 
values and/or that these projected policy values were incorrect, (f) the policy conditions were unfair, or (g) the 
costs charged or the deductions had no contractual basis. These claims may be based on general standards of 
contract or securities law, such as reasonableness and fairness, error, duty of care, or standards for proper 
customer treatment or due diligence, such as relating to the fairness of terms in consumer contracts and may be 
made by customers, or on behalf of customers, holding active policies or whose policies have lapsed, matured 
or been surrendered. There is no assurance that further proceedings for damages based on aforementioned legal 
grounds or other grounds will not be brought. The timing of reaching any finality in last instance on these 
pending legal claims and proceedings is uncertain and such uncertainty is likely to continue for some time. 
Rulings or announcements made by courts or decision-making bodies or actions taken by regulators or 
governmental authorities against the Issuer’s Dutch insurance subsidiaries or other Dutch insurance companies 
in respect of unit-linked products, or settlements or any other actions to the benefit of customers (including 
product improvements or repairs) by other Dutch insurance companies towards consumers, consumer protection 
organisations, regulatory or governmental authorities or other decision-making bodies in respect of the unit-
linked products, may affect the (legal) position of the Issuer’s Dutch insurance subsidiaries and may force such 
subsidiaries to take (financial) measures that could have a substantial impact on the financial condition, results 
of operations, solvency or reputation of the Issuer and its subsidiaries. As a result of the public and political 
attention the unit-linked issue has received, it is also possible that sector-wide measures may be imposed by 
governmental authorities or regulators in relation to unit-linked products in the Netherlands. The impact on the 
Issuer’s Dutch insurance subsidiaries of rulings made by courts or decision-making bodies, actions taken by 
regulators or governmental bodies against other Dutch insurance companies in respect of unit-linked products, 
or settlements or any other actions to the benefit of customers (including product improvements or repairs), 
may be determined not only by market share but also by portfolio composition, product features, terms and 
conditions and other factors. Adverse decisions or the occurrence of any of the developments as described above 
could result in outcomes materially different than if the Issuer’s Dutch insurance subsidiaries or its products 
had been judged or negotiated solely on their own merits.

--- Page 172 ---
169 
 
The book of policies of the Issuer’s Dutch insurance subsidiaries dates back many years, and in some cases 
several decades. Over time, the regulatory requirements and expectations of various stakeholders, including 
customers, regulators and the public at large, as well as standards and market practice, have developed and 
changed, increasing customer protection. As a result, policyholders and consumer protection organisations have 
initiated and may in the future initiate proceedings against the Issuer’s Dutch insurance subsidiaries alleging 
that products sold in the past fail to meet current requirements and expectations. In any such proceedings, it 
cannot be excluded that the relevant court, regulator, governmental authority or other decision-making body 
will apply current norms, requirements, expectations, standards and market practices on laws and regulations 
to products sold, issued or advised on by the Issuer’s Dutch insurance subsidiaries. 
Although the financial consequences of any of these factors or a combination thereof could be substantial for 
the Dutch insurance business of the Issuer and, as a result, may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, reputation, revenues, results of operations, solvency, financial condition and prospects, it is not 
possible to reliably estimate or quantify the Issuer’s overall exposures at this time. 
 
Argentina 
On 10 April 2019, NN Group filed a claim with the International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes 
(ICSID) under the Bilateral Investment Treaty between Argentina and the Netherlands, in order to resolve a 
dispute with the Argentine Republic. The dispute relates to the nationalisation of Orígenes – NN Group’s former 
pension fund manager in Argentina – by the Argentine Government in 2008. These proceedings may last for 
several years. As the case is still pending, it is unclear at this stage whether and to what extent any compensation 
will be granted to NN Group and therefore no compensation has been recognised.  
Material Agreements 
The following are agreements (other than those entered into in the ordinary course of business) that have been 
entered into by any member of NN which are material and which contain provisions under which any member 
of NN has an obligation or entitlement that is material to NN’s ability to meet its obligations to the Noteholders 
in respect of the Notes. 
ING Pension Fund agreement 
As of 1 January 2014, two new defined contribution pension plans for Dutch employees, one for employees of 
ING Bank and one for employees of NN, replaced the pensions plans for employees of ING Group as provided 
for by the ING Pension Fund which closed on 31 December 2013. All benefits as accrued up to 31 December 
2013 in the ING Pension Fund have been made paid-up (premievrije aanspraken). 
In February 2014, several subsidiaries of ING Groep, including several subsidiaries of the Issuer, the ING 
Pension Fund and the trade unions (CNV Dienstenbond, FNV Finance and De Unie) reached agreement on the 
transfer of all future funding and indexation obligations towards the ING Pension Fund. The agreement contains 
the following: 
 
ING fully financed the indexation 2014, being 0 per cent. for the active employees of NN and 0.9 per 
cent. for the inactive employees (pensioners and deferred members) based upon the price index. The 
total payment (including the ING indexation) amounted to EUR 330 million of which EUR 39 million 
for NN. 
 
As of 1 January 2015, the paid-up benefits with the ING Pension Fund will be indexed as follows: 
 
the accrued benefits of deferred participants and pensioners inactive on 31 December 2013 will 
conditionally be indexed on a yearly basis in line with the development of the consumer price

--- Page 173 ---
170 
 
index up to 3 per cent.; 
 
the accrued benefits of deferred participants and pensioners who terminated their employment 
with ING or NN before 1 January 2002, who were entitled to a conditional indexation in line with 
the structural raises of the general bank collective labour agreement, will be conditionally indexed 
in line with the structural raises of the NN collective labour agreement; and 
 
in order to make it possible for the ING Pension Fund to index the accrued benefits of the 
participants active on 31 December 2013 on a yearly basis with the percentage of the structural 
raises of the NN collective labour agreement as long as these participants remain in service of 
NN, ING paid the ING Pension Fund a one-time lump sum of EUR 170 million of which EUR 
51 million for NN. 
 
ING paid a one-time lump sum to the ING Pension Fund of EUR 379 million to be released from its 
future financial obligations (i.e. the obligation to finance indexations as of 1 January 2015 and the 
obligation to restore the coverage ratio of the ING Pension Fund) towards the ING Pension Fund of 
which EUR 121 million for NN. Consequently, ING Bank and NN are no longer jointly and severally 
liable for the funding of the obligations of the ING Pension Fund. 
 
ING will reduce the employees’ own contribution to the pension premium under the new defined 
contribution plan by a total amount of approximately EUR 80 million over a six-year period of which a 
total amount of approximately EUR 20 million for NN. 
The removal of the net pension asset related to the ING Pension Fund from NN’s balance sheet, NN’s 
contribution to the payment to the ING Pension Fund of EUR 211 million and the reduction of the employees’ 
own contribution to the pension premium result in a charge to be recognised, as a special item, in the results 
over the first quarter of 2014. 
Indemnification and allocation agreement 
ING Groep N.V. and NN Group N.V. have entered into an indemnification and allocation agreement, in which 
ING Group has agreed to indemnify NN Group for certain liabilities that relate to the business of or control 
over certain (former) U.S. and Latin American subsidiaries of NN Group in the period until 30 September 2013 
or, if the relevant subsidiary was divested by NN Group after 30 September 2013, such later date of divestment. 
These liabilities mainly include contingent liabilities that may arise as a result of the initial public offering of 
ING U.S. (such as prospectus liability), the sales of the Latin American businesses (such as claims under 
warranties and other buyer protection clauses) and the liabilities for the claims concerning the performance of 
certain interest-sensitive products that were sold by a former subsidiary of NN Group in Mexico. 
Ten-year strategic partnership with Goldman Sachs Asset Management 
As part of the agreement to sell its asset manager - NN Investment Partners (NN IP) - to Goldman Sachs 
Group, Inc., NN Group has entered into a ten-year strategic partnership agreement with Goldman Sachs Asset 
Management (GSAM) under which NN IP and GSAM will continue to provide asset management services to 
NN Group. 
EXECUTIVE BOARD, MANAGEMENT BOARD AND SUPERVISORY BOARD 
General 
The Issuer has a two-tier board structure consisting of an executive board (raad van bestuur) (the “Executive 
Board”) and a supervisory board (raad van commissarissen) (the “Supervisory Board”). The Issuer also has a

--- Page 174 ---
171 
 
management board (the “Management Board”). NN Group mandatorily applies the full large company regime 
(volledig structuurregime).  
The Executive Board is entrusted with the management, the strategy and the operations of the Issuer under 
supervision of the Supervisory Board. In performing its duties, the Executive Board must carefully consider 
and act in accordance with the interests of the Issuer and the business connected with it, taking into consideration 
the interests of all the stakeholders of the Issuer. The organisation, duties and working methods of the Executive 
Board are detailed in the charter of the Executive Board. This charter is available on the Issuer’s website. 
Certain resolutions of the Executive Board require the approval of the Supervisory Board and/or general 
meeting of shareholders (“General Meeting”). These resolutions are outlined in the articles of association of the 
Issuer (“Articles of Association”), which are available on the Issuer’s website, and in the charter of the 
Executive Board. 
Members of the Executive Board 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Executive Board consists of David Knibbe and Annemiek van Melick. 
The table below sets out the details of each of the members of the Executive Board as at the date of this 
Prospectus.  
The business address of the members of the Executive Board is the registered address of the Issuer at 
Schenkkade 65, 2595 AS The Hague, the Netherlands. 
David Knibbe was appointed to the Executive Board and designated as Chief Executive Officer of NN Group 
and chair of the Executive Board effective 1 October 2019 and is reappointed on 2 June 2023 for a subsequent 
period of four years. David Knibbe has already been a member of the Management Board since 7 July 2014. 
On 1 September 2014, David Knibbe was appointed Chief Executive Officer Netherlands. Annemiek van 
Melick was appointed to the Executive Board as Chief Financial Officer and vice-chair of the Executive Board 
as of 1 July 2022. She was appointed member of the Management Board as of 1 June 2022.   
The following table sets forth the composition of the Executive Board as at the Date of this Prospectus. 
Executive Board 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Date of appointment 
 
Termination 
/reappointment date 
David Knibbe 
Chair, Chief Executive 
Officer (CEO) 
26 September 2019, 
effective 1 October 
2019 
2027* 
Annemiek van Melick 
Chief Financial Officer 
(CFO) 
19 May 2022, effective 
1 July 2022 
2026** 
*Term of appointment starts as of 2 June 2023 and will end at the close of the annual general meeting of NN 
Group N.V. in 2027.  
** Term of appointment will end at the close of the annual general meeting of NN Group N.V. in 2026
 
 
David Knibbe was appointed to the Executive Board and designated as Chief Executive Officer of NN Group 
and chair of the Executive Board effective 1 October 2019. He is responsible for the business strategy, 
performance and day-to-day operations of NN Group. Mr Knibbe has been a member of the Management Board 
since 7 July 2014. On 1 September 2014, Mr Knibbe was appointed Chief Executive Officer Netherlands. In 
this role Mr Knibbe was responsible for NN Group’s insurance and banking business in the Netherlands and

--- Page 175 ---
172 
 
leading the integration of NN and Delta Lloyd. From 2011 to 2014, he served as Chief Executive Officer of 
ING Insurance Europe. During 2010, Mr Knibbe was Chief Executive Officer Insurance Corporate Clients in 
the Netherlands. From 2007 to 2008, Mr Knibbe was General Manager of Nationale-Nederlanden Individual 
Life (retail life and individual pensions), which then became Intermediary Pensions and Retail Life with the 
addition of the SME pensions business in 2008. In 2009, Mr Knibbe became General Manager Pensions with 
the addition of corporate pensions and removal of retail life from his area of responsibility. Prior to that, from 
2004 to 2007, Mr Knibbe was Director Disability and Accident Insurance of Nationale-Nederlanden. From 
2002 to 2004, he was Managing Director of ING’s life insurance and employee benefits joint venture with 
Piraeus Bank in Greece. Mr Knibbe was Head of Investments of Central-Holland of ING Bank from 2000 to 
2002. Mr Knibbe started his professional career in 1997 when he joined ING, serving in various positions in 
investment management and banking. Mr Knibbe was chair of the board of the Dutch Association of Insurers 
(Verbond van Verzekeraars) from 9 December 2015 until 20 June 2018. From 20 July 2018 until 18 December 
2019, he was vice-chair of the Dutch Association of Insurers. Mr Knibbe holds a Master’s degree in monetary 
economics from the Erasmus University in Rotterdam (the Netherlands). Furthermore, Mr Knibbe is member 
of the board and treasurer of the Confederation of Netherlands Industry and Employers (VNO-NCW), as well 
as member of the Federative Board VNO-NCW and MKB NL. He is also member of the board of the Johan 
Cruyff Foundation, member of the advisory board of JINC, member of the Hoogeschoolraad of Vereniging 
Trustfonds Erasmus University and member of the Geneva Association. On 26 April 2021, Mr Knibbe became 
member of the Pan European Insurance Forum. As from 1 July 2021, he is also member of the World Economic 
Forum’s Alliance of CEO Climate Leaders and Governors meeting Financial Sector, and on 7 December 2021, 
he joined the supervisory board of Stichting Erasmus Trustfonds. 
 
Annemiek van Melick was appointed member of the Management Board as of 1 June 2022. She was also 
appointed member of the Executive Board and designated as Chief Financial Officer of NN Group and vice-
chair of the Executive Board. Ms van Melick has been a member of the Management Board  since 1 June 2022. 
Ms Van Melick is responsible for NN Group’s finance departments and investor relations. From 2020 to 2021 
Ms Van Melick was Chief Financial Officer at a.s.r. N.V. From 2014 to 2019 she was Chief Financial Officer 
at de Volksbank. From 2012 to 2014 she was Chief Financial and Risk Officer at SNS Retail Bank. From 2008 
to 2012 she worked at SNS REAAL as Director Corporate Strategy. From 2005 to 2008 Ms Van Melick was 
Director Investment Banking at Lehman Brothers. From 2001 to 2005 she worked as Associate Financing 
Group at Goldman Sachs in London.  
Ms Van Melick holds a degree in Business administration from Nyenrode Business Universiteit (the 
Netherlands) and a law degree from Utrecht University (the Netherlands). Furthermore, Ms van Melick is a 
member of the supervisory board and chair of the audit committee at Royal Swinkels Family Breweries. Ms 
Van Melick is also a member of the CFO Forum. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
There are no actual or potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the members of the Executive 
Board to the Issuer and any private interests or other duties that such persons may have. There is no family 
relationship between any member of the Executive Board, the Management Board or the Supervisory Board. 
Conflicting interests are considered to be absent and are not reported if a member of the Executive Board obtains 
financial products and services, other than loans, which are provided by any subsidiary of the Issuer in the 
ordinary course of business on terms that apply to all employees. In connection with the foregoing, ‘loans’ does 
not include financial products in which the granting of credit is of a subordinated nature, e.g. credit cards and 
overdrafts in current accounts, because of a lack of materiality. 
Management Board

--- Page 176 ---
173 
 
General 
The Management Board is entrusted with the day-to-day management of the Issuer and the overall strategic 
direction of the Issuer. In performing its duties, the Management Board must carefully consider and act in 
accordance with the interests of the Issuer and the business connected with it, taking into consideration the 
interests of all stakeholders of the Issuer. The authority to manage the Issuer is vested in the Executive Board 
as a whole, notwithstanding that each of the members of the Management Board is responsible and accountable 
to the Executive Board and within the Management Board for the specific tasks as assigned. Being comprised 
of the Executive Board members as well as key leaders with a divisional or functional responsibility, the 
Management Board allows for integral and holistic decision making at the highest level of the Issuer with 
functions, the businesses and Executive Board members represented. Besides serving balanced, effective and 
timely decision making, the Issuer having a Management Board also provides for flexibility in terms of 
composition, allocation of tasks and responsibilities and required knowledge. In supervising the functioning of 
the Issuer’s corporate governance structure, including its checks and balances, the Supervisory Board pays 
specific attention to the dynamics and relationship between the Executive Board and the Management Board as 
well as the manner in which the Management Board operates. The Supervisory Board will be provided with all 
the information necessary for the proper performance of this duty. In principle, members of the Management 
Board are present at meetings with the Supervisory Board where topics are discussed that relate to their area of 
responsibility. Next to that, the Supervisory Board regularly meets with the full Management Board. The 
organisation, role, duties and working methods of the Management Board are detailed in the charter of the 
Management Board. The charter is available on the Issuer’s website. 
Members of the Management Board 
The following table sets forth the composition of the Management Board as at the date of this Prospectus. The 
Management Board consists of the following members: 
Name 
Position 
Date of appointment 
David Knibbe 
Chair, Chief Executive Officer (CEO) (as of 1 
October 2019) 
7 July 2014 
Annemiek van Melick  
Vice-chair, Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 
1 June 2022 
Tjeerd Bosklopper 
CEO Netherlands Non-life, Banking & 
Technology (as of 1 June 2020) 
1 September 2018 
Bernhard Kaufmann 
 
Chief Risk Officer (CRO) 
 
1 June 2020 
Dailah Nihot 
Chief Organisation & Corporate Relations 
1 September 2018 
Leon van Riet 
Fabian Rupprecht¹ 
CEO Netherlands Life & Pensions 
CEO International Insurance 
1 June 2020 
1 September 2018 
Janet Stuijt 
General Counsel 
1 September 2018 
¹ Fabian Rupprecht will step down as member of the Management Board of NN Group and Chief Executive 
Officer of International Insurance, as of 30 June 2023.  
The business address of all members of the Management Board is the registered address of the Issuer at 
Schenkkade 65, 2595 AS The Hague, the Netherlands. 
For information in respect of the members of the Executive Board who are also members of the Management 
Board, Mr Knibbe and Ms Van Melick, see "Description of the Issuer—Executive Board— Management Board 
and Supervisory Board—Members of the Executive Board".

--- Page 177 ---
174 
 
Tjeerd Bosklopper was appointed CEO Netherlands Non-life, Banking & Technology as of 1 June 2020. In this 
role he is responsible for the Dutch Non-life and Banking business segments, Customer & Commerce, the 
Strategic Transformation Office and IT. Mr Bosklopper was CEO Netherlands ad interim from 17 December 
2019 until 1 June 2020. Mr Bosklopper was appointed to the Management Board as Chief Transformation 
Officer on 1 September 2018. In 2018, Mr Bosklopper was Head of Integration of Nationale-Nederlanden 
Netherlands and Belgium. From 2015 to 2018, Mr Bosklopper was Head of Individual Life at NN Group in the 
Netherlands. From 2012 to 2015, Mr Bosklopper was Chief Executive Officer at Nationale-Nederlanden Life 
& Pensions in Poland. From 2010 to 2012, he was Chief Information & Transformation Officer at Nationale-
Nederlanden Netherlands. From 2006 to 2010, he was Director Product Management at Nationale-Nederlanden 
Non-life Netherlands. From 2004 to 2006, Mr Bosklopper was Executive Vice-president and Chief Marketing 
Officer at ING Life South Korea. From 2003 to 2004, he was Project Manager at ING Aetna Life Indonesia. 
From 2001 to 2003, he was Regional e-business Manager at ING Group’s regional office in Hong Kong. From 
1999 to 2001, he participated in the Global Management Programme (GMP) at ING Group. Mr Bosklopper 
holds a Master of Science in Business Information Technology from the University of Twente (the Netherlands). 
Besides being a member of the Management Board, Mr Bosklopper is a chair of the board of the Dutch 
Association of Insurers (Verbond van Verzekeraars) and member of the Steering Committee of SchuldenlabNL. 
Bernhard Kaufmann was appointed Chief Risk Officer and, member of the Management Board of NN Group 
as of 1 June 2020. In this role he is responsible for the overall risk framework with direct responsibility for the 
risk management departments. He is also responsible for the Actuarial function and reinsurance. From 2014 to 
2020, Mr Kaufmann was Group Chief Risk Officer and Chief Risk Officer Reinsurance at Munich Re Group. 
From 2008 to 2013, he was Chief Risk Officer at ERGO Insurance Group. From 2000 to 2008, Mr Kaufmann 
worked at Munich Re Group holding various roles. From 2007 to 2008, he was Head of Treasury, from 2004 to 
2007, he was Head of Asset Liability Management and from 2000 to 2004, he was Senior Consultant Financial 
Projects and Credit Risk Manager. From 1999 to 2000, Mr Kaufmann was Credit Risk Manager at 
HypoVereinsbank (UniCredit). From 1995 to 1999, he worked as a researcher in the Physics Department at the 
Technical University of Munich (Germany). Mr Kaufmann holds a PhD (Dr. rer. nat.) in theoretical physics, 
from the Technical University of Munich (Germany), an intermediate diploma in economics from the University 
of Hagen (Germany), and a diploma in theoretical physics from the Technical University of Munich (Germany). 
Besides being member of the Management Board, Mr Kaufmann is member of the CRO Forum and member of 
the Supervisory Committee of Alma Mundi Insurtech Fund. As from 26 January 2022, he participates in the 
CRO Roundtable of the European Central Bank. 
Dailah Nihot was appointed Chief People, Communications, and Sustainability Officer and member of the 
Management Board as of 1 September 2018. Ms Nihot is responsible for human resources, corporate 
communications, sustainability and corporate citizenship, branding and sponsorship, public and government 
affairs, and facility management. From 2013 to 2018, she was Managing Director of Corporate Relations for 
NN Group. Prior to this, from 2006 to 2013, she was Global Head of Sustainability, and Director of the former 
ING for Something Better Foundation at ING Group, which focused on companying Group’s global ethical, 
social and environmental strategy and performance. Ms Nihot started her professional career in the external 
communications department of ING Group, and was a corporate spokesperson and strategic communications 
advisor from 2001 to 2006. Ms Nihot serves as management representative in the Central Works Council of NN 
Group (Central Works Council). She holds a Master of European Studies from the University of Amsterdam 
(the Netherlands) and an Executive Master in Corporate Communication from the RSM Erasmus University in 
Rotterdam (the Netherlands). 
Leon van Riet was appointed CEO Netherlands Life & Pensions and member of the Management Board of NN 
Group as of 1 June 2020. In this role, he is responsible for the Life and Pension businesses in the Netherlands. 
Mr Van Riet was CEO of Nationale-Nederlanden Non- life in the Netherlands from 2017 to May 2020. From 
2016 to 2017, he was a member of the Board of Directors of Delta Lloyd, responsible for Delta Lloyd Life

--- Page 178 ---
175 
 
Insurance, BeFrank N.V., Information Technology & Services, Concern Relations, Delta Lloyd Asset 
Management, KMD (Digital) and Delta Lloyd Life Belgium. From 2010 to 2016, he was Chief Executive 
Officer Delta Lloyd Life in the Netherlands. From 2007 to 2010, he was Chief Information Officer and Chief 
Information Technology at Delta Lloyd Group. From 1999 to 2007, Mr Van Riet was Chief Information Officer, 
Chief of Information Communications Technology and E-Business at Delta Lloyd Insurance. From 1997 to 
1999, he was Director of Information Technology and Chain Logistics for Brocacef. From 1994 to 1997, he 
was a senior manager at KPMG Management Consulting. From 1993 to 1994, he was a project manager and 
consultant at Encompass Europe NV. From 1986 to 1993, he was a Senior Organisation Advisor at KPMG 
Management Consulting. Mr Van Riet holds a degree in electrical engineering from Delft University of 
Technology (TU Delft, the Netherlands). Mr Van Riet is chair of the sector life insurances of the Dutch 
Association of Insurers (Verbond van Verzekeraars) and member of the board of Stichting Dienstverlening VoV. 
Mr Van Riet is also member of the Supervisory Board of Dutch Terrorism Claims Reinsurance Company 
(Nederlandse Herverzekeringsmaatschappij voor terrorismeschaden). 
Fabian Rupprecht was appointed as CEO International Insurance and member of the Management Board as of 
1 September 2018. Mr Rupprecht is responsible for NN Group’s insurance businesses outside the Netherlands: 
Insurance Europe, Japan Life and Japan Closed Block VA businesses. From 1996 to 2018, Mr Rupprecht worked 
for AXA. From 2016 to 2018, he was Chief Executive Officer Middle East & Africa, and Regional Chief 
Financial Officer and member of the regional executive committee at AXA Emerging Markets (CEE, MEA, 
LATAM). From 2013 to 2016, he was Regional Chief Financial Officer at AXA Mediterranean Holding, and 
member of the regional executive committee. From 2010 to 2013, he was Head of AXA Global Life, and 
member of the Global Life & Health board. From 2008 to 2010, he was Head of Individual Life, and member 
of the executive board of AXA-Winterthur. From 2001 to 2007, he was Head of Life & Annuity Offer at AXA 
Germany. From 1998 to 2000, Mr Rupprecht was Head of EquiVest Product Management at The Equitable Life 
Assurance (AXA) USA. From 1996 to 1998, he served as Head of Accounting for Health & Life Insurance at 
Colonia Konzern AG (AXA/UAP). From 1994 to 1996, he was assistant to the executive board at Colonia 
Konzern AG (UAP). Mr Rupprecht holds a Diploma in Business Administration, with majors in finance and 
controlling, from the WHU Otto Beisheim School of Management (Koblenz, Germany). Fabian Rupprecht will 
step down as CEO International Insurance and member of the Management Board of NN Group as of 30 June 
2023.  
Janet Stuijt was appointed to the Management Board as General Counsel as of 1 September 2018. Ms Stuijt is 
responsible for NN Group’s legal function and compliance function and holds the position of Company 
Secretary. Ms Stuijt joined ING Verzekeringen in 2011 in that same capacity. From 2008 to 2010, she was 
General Counsel Commercial Banking at ING Group. From 1998 to 2008, Ms Stuijt held various senior (global) 
management positions within ABN AMRO’s legal department, primarily relating to ABN AMRO’s corporate 
strategic and investment banking activities. In 1998, she was Regional Legal Counsel at ABN AMRO’s regional 
office in Singapore. From 1993 to 1997, Ms Stuijt practised law as an associate at Loeff Claeys Verbeke/Allen 
Overy, Singapore office (1997) and De Brauw Blackstone Westbroek (1993–1997). Ms Stuijt holds a Master’s 
in Civil law, from the University of Leiden (the Netherlands). Since 2016, she has been member of the 
supervisory board of N.V. Nederlandse Spoorwegen and a member of its risk & audit committee and chair of 
its nomination & remuneration committee. Ms Stuijt is also member of the advisory board of Master in Finance 
& Law of University of Amsterdam (UvA). 
Potential conflicts of interest 
There are no actual or potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the members of the 
Management Board to the Issuer and any private interests or other duties that such persons may have. There is 
no family relationship between any member of the Executive Board, the Management Board or the Supervisory 
Board.

--- Page 179 ---
176 
 
Conflicting interests are considered to be absent and are not reported if a member of the Management Board 
obtains financial products and services, other than loans, which are provided by any subsidiary of the Issuer in 
the ordinary course of business on terms that apply to all employees. In connection with the foregoing, “loans” 
does not include financial products in which the granting of credit is of a subordinated nature, e.g. credit cards 
and overdrafts in current accounts, because of a lack of materiality. 
Supervisory Board 
Powers, responsibilities and functioning 
The Supervisory Board is responsible for supervising the management of the Executive Board and the general 
course of affairs of the Issuer and its businesses. The Supervisory Board may, on its own initiative, provide the 
Executive Board with advice and may request any information from the Executive Board that it deems 
appropriate. In performing its duties, the Supervisory Board must carefully consider and act in accordance with 
the interests of the Issuer and the business connected with it, taking into consideration the relevant interests of 
all stakeholders of the Issuer. The organisation, duties and working methods of the Supervisory Board are 
detailed in the charter of the Supervisory Board. The charter is available on the Issuer’s website. 
Members of the Supervisory Board 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Supervisory Board consists of Ms Beale, Mr Cole, Mr Jenkins, Mr 
Lelieveld, Ms Van der Meer Mohr, Ms Reyes, Mr Schoen and Ms Vletter-van Dort. The term of each of the 
members of the Supervisory Board will terminate at the close of the annual general meeting in the year indicated 
below.  
The business address of all members of the Supervisory Board is the registered address of the Issuer at 
Schenkkade 65, 2595 AS The Hague, the Netherlands. 
Supervisory Board 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Date of appointment 
 
Termination 
/reappointment date 
Inga Beale 
David Cole 
 
Member (independent) 
Chair (independent) 
 
20 May 2021 
1 January 2019 
 
2025 
2026 
Robert Jenkins 
 
Member (independent) 
 
2 February 2016 
 
2024  
Rob Lelieveld 
 
Member (independent) 
 
20 May 2021, effective 
1 September 2021 
 
2025 
Pauline van der Meer 
Mohr 
 
Member (independent) 
 
 
19 May 2022, effective 
1 January 2023 
 
2026 
 
Hans Schoen 
 
Member 
(recommended by 
Works Council) 
(independent) 
 
7 July 2014 
 
2024 
Cecilia Reyes 
 
Member (independent) 
 
20 May 2021 
 
2025 
Hélène Vletter-van 
Dort¹ 
 
Vice-Chair 
(recommended by 
Works Council) 
(independent) 
 
6 October 2015 
 
2023 
¹ Hélène Vletter-van Dort has stepped down as member of the Supervisory Board on 2 June 2023.  
 
Inga Beale was appointed to the Supervisory Board on 20 May 2021. From 2014 until 2018, Ms Beale served 
as chief executive officer of Lloyd’s of London. From 2012 until 2013, she worked for Canopius Group Ltd as 
group chief executive officer. Other previous positions include member of group management of Zurich

--- Page 180 ---
177 
 
Insurance Group Ltd, chief executive officer of (former) Converium Holding AG and chief executive officer of 
continental Europe at GE Insurance Solutions. Ms Beale also served as chair of the UK HIV commission, as an 
advisor for NTT data UK ltd and as non-executive deputy chair of London First. In addition to being member 
of the Supervisory Board, Ms Beale is non-executive chair of the board at Mediclinic International plc and non-
executive director of Crawford & Company. As from January 2022, she is also member of the Board of Willis 
Towers Watson. 
 
David Cole was appointed to the Supervisory Board on 31 May 2018, which became effective on 1 January 
2019. As of the close of the AGM on 29 May 2019, he serves as chair of the Supervisory Board. On 19 May 
2022, he was reappointed as Supervisory Board member and chair. Mr Cole was chief financial officer and 
chief risk officer of Swiss Re Ltd., chief financial officer and chief risk officer of (former) ABN AMRO Holding 
(Bank) N.V., member of the board of directors of FWD Group Management Holdings Ltd and member of the 
board of directors of Swiss Re Corporate Solutions Brazil. Besides being member of the Supervisory Board, 
Mr Cole’s positions include member of the board of directors of Vontobel Holding AG (Zürich), member of the 
European Financial Roundtable (EFR), directorschair of the supervisory board of IMC B.V. and member of the 
board of directors of COFRA Holding AG. 
 
Robert Jenkins was appointed to the Supervisory Board on 6 October 2015, which became effective on 2 
February 2016. He was reappointed on 28 May 2020. Since 2009, he is adjunct professor of finance at London 
Business School where he teaches investment management. He is also member of the CFA Institute’s the Future 
of Finance Advisory Council. From 2014 to 2016, he was founding chair of the AQR Asset Management 
Institute at LBS. From September 2013 through September 2019, Mr Jenkins was member of the board of 
governors of CFA Institute. During his tenure he served as chairman of the board, chair of the audit and risk 
committee, chair of the remuneration committee and chair of the nominations committee. From 2009 until 2014, 
Mr Jenkins was a senior advisor to CVC Capital Partners and from 2011 until 2013 he was an external 
independent member of the interim Financial Policy Committee of the Bank of England. Mr Jenkins has served 
as chair of the Investment Management Association, UK, chair of the board of F&C Asset Management, plc 
(non-executive) and chief executive officer of the F&C Group. Other former positions include chief operating 
officer of Credit Suisse Asset Management Holding, UK, chief investment officer and head of asset 
management at Credit Suisse, Japan, and senior vice-president at Citigroup with executive assignments in the 
Middle East, Switzerland, United States and Japan. He was senior fellow at Better Markets, Washington, D.C. 
and strategic advisor to Carbon Cap Mgt LLP. 
 
Pauline van der Meer Mohr was appointed member of the Supervisory Board effective 1 January 2023. From 
2010 through 2015 Ms Van der Meer Mohr was chair of the executive board of Erasmus University of 
Rotterdam. Other previous positions include senior executive vice president and Head of Group Human 
Resources at ABN AMRO Bank N.V., Group Human Resources Director at TNT N.V., and several roles at 
Royal Dutch Shell Group. Ms Van der Meer Mohr also served as deputy chair of the supervisory board of DSM 
N.V., member of the supervisory board of ASML Holding N.V., non-executive director of HSBC Holdings, 
chair of the supervisory board of EY Netherlands, and chair of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code 
Monitoring Committee. In addition to being a member of the Supervisory Board, Ms Van der Meer Mohr is 
also chair of the supervisory board of ASM International N.V, non-executive director of Viatris inc., and 
member of the supervisory board of Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize N.V. 
 
Rob Lelieveld was appointed to the Supervisory Board on 20 May 2021, effective 1 September 2021. He was 
appointed pursuant to the enhanced recommendation right of the Central Works Council. From September 1980, 
Mr Lelieveld worked at EY, becoming partner in 1996. He served as external auditor for many corporates across 
different sectors, with a primary focus on the insurance industry. Until 30 June 2021, Mr Lelieveld chaired the 
managing board of EY Accountants in the Netherlands and was member of the board of directors of EY in the 
Netherlands. Mr Lelieveld holds a degree in accountancy, but deregistered as a chartered accountant from the

--- Page 181 ---
178 
 
register of accountants held by the Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants (NBA) when 
he left EY in June 2021. From 1996 to 2004, Mr Lelieveld was member of supervisory board of the Richard 
Krajicek Foundation. In addition to being member of the Supervisory Board, Mr Lelieveld is a supervisory 
board member and chair of the audit committee of the supervisory board of the Mauritshuis (The Hague). 
 
Cecilia Reyes was appointed to the Supervisory Board as of 20 May 2021. From January 2001 until February 
2018, Ms Reyes worked at Zurich Insurance Group Ltd. where she served as group chief investment officer and 
more recently as group chief risk officer. In both roles Ms Reyes was a member of the group executive 
committee from April 2010 until her retirement from the company in February 2018. From 1997 to 2000, Ms 
Reyes held several risk positions at ING Groep N.V. From August 1995 to 1996, she worked as a consultant in 
financial engineering and risk. From April 1990 to July 1995, Ms Reyes worked for Credit Suisse in a variety 
of roles in asset management, global treasury and securities trading. Ms Reyes was a non-executive director 
and member of the risk and capital committee and the remuneration committee at Standard Life Aberdeen plc. 
Ms Reyes holds a bachelor of science in Industrial Engineering from the University of Manila, an MBA in 
Finance from the University of Hawaii, and a PhD in finance from London Business School. In addition to 
being member of the Supervisory Board, Ms Reyes serves as managing director of PIONEER Management 
Services GmbH. Ms Reyes is also independent non-executive director of Beazley plc. and member of the board 
of Gatlan Holdings Jersey Limited. 
Hans Schoen was appointed to the Supervisory Board as of 7 July 2014. He was reappointed on 31 May 2018 
and again on 19 May 2022, pursuant to the enhanced recommendation right of the Central Works Council. From 
September 1977 until October 2008, Mr Schoen worked at KPMG Accountants and was a partner as of January 
1989. He specialised in providing audit and advisory services to domestic and foreign insurance companies. 
Other former significant positions of Mr Schoen include member and chair of several insurance industry 
committees of the NIVRA and the Dutch Accounting Standards Board, member of the governmental advice 
committee Traas in respect of the financial and prudential reporting obligations of Dutch insurance companies, 
member of several advisory committees of the IASC/IASB on insurance company financial reporting 
requirements and member and part-time acting director of research of the Technical Expert Group of EFRAG 
in Brussels (Belgium). Until 27 April 2016, Mr Schoen served as chair of the EFRAG Insurance Accounting 
Working Group. Mr Schoen holds a degree in economics and a postdoctoral degree in accountancy from the 
University of Amsterdam (the Netherlands). In September 2015, he received a PhD from the Vrije Universiteit 
(VU) Amsterdam (the Netherlands). 
Hélène Vletter – van Dort was appointed to the Supervisory Board on 6 October 2015 pursuant to the enhanced 
recommendation right of the Central Works Council. Ms Vletter – van Dort has stepped down as member of 
the Supervisory Board on 2 June 2023. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
There are no actual or potential conflicts of interests between any duties owed by the members of the 
Supervisory Board to the Issuer and any private interests or other duties that such person may have. There is no 
family relationship between any member of the Executive Board, the Management Board or the Supervisory 
Board. 
Conflicting interests are considered to be absent in case of a relationship that a member of the Supervisory 
Board may have with any subsidiary of the Issuer as an ordinary, private individual, with the exception of any 
loans that may have been granted. 
The Supervisory Board has established four committees: the Audit Committee, the Risk Committee, the 
Remuneration Committee, and the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee. The organisation, duties 
and working methods of the Supervisory Board committees are detailed in a separate charter for each 
committee. The charters are available on the Issuer’s website.

--- Page 182 ---
179

--- Page 183 ---
180 
 
TAXATION 
 
THE NETHERLANDS 
General 
The following summary outlines certain principal Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, 
redemption and disposal of the Notes, but does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Dutch tax 
considerations that may be relevant. For purposes of Dutch tax law, a holder of Notes may include an individual 
or entity who does not have the legal title of these Notes, but to whom nevertheless the Notes or the income 
thereof is attributed based on specific statutory provisions or on the basis of such individual or entity having an 
interest in the Notes or the income thereof. This summary is intended as general information only and each 
prospective investor should consult a professional tax adviser with respect to the tax consequences of the 
acquisition, holding, redemption and disposal of the Notes.  
This summary is based on tax legislation, published case law, treaties, regulations and published policy, in each 
case as in force as of the date of this Prospectus, and it does not take into account any developments or 
amendments thereof after that date whether or not such developments or amendments have retroactive effect. 
This summary does not address the Dutch corporate and individual income tax consequences for: 
(i) 
investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen);  
(ii) 
pension funds, exempt investment institutions (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstellingen) or other 
entities that are not subject to or exempt from Dutch corporate income tax;  
(iii) 
holders of Notes holding a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial interest 
(fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer and holders of Notes of whom a certain related person 
holds a substantial interest in the Issuer. Generally speaking, a substantial interest in the Issuer 
arises if a person, alone or, where such person is an individual, together with his or her partner 
(statutorily defined term), directly or indirectly, holds or is deemed to hold (i) an interest of 5% or 
more of the total issued capital of the Issuer or 5% or more of the issued capital of a certain class 
of shares of the Issuer, (ii) rights to acquire, directly or indirectly, such interest or (iii) certain profit-
sharing rights in the Issuer;  
(iv) 
persons to whom the Notes and the income therefrom are attributed based on the separated private 
assets (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) provisions of the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet 
inkomstenbelasting 2001);  
(v) 
entities which are a resident of Aruba, Curaçao or Sint Maarten and that have an enterprise which 
is carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative on Bonaire, Sint 
Eustatius or Saba and the Notes are attributable to such permanent establishment or permanent 
representative; and 
(vi) 
individuals to whom the Notes or the income there from are attributable to employment activities 
which are taxed as employment income in the Netherlands.  
Where this summary refers to the ‘Netherlands’ or ‘Dutch’, such reference is restricted to the part of the 
Kingdom of the Netherlands that is situated in Europe and the legislation applicable in that part of the Kingdom. 
This summary does not describe the consequences of the exchange or conversion of the Notes.

--- Page 184 ---
181 
 
 
Dutch Withholding Tax 
All payments made by the Issuer under the Notes may - except in certain very specific cases as described below 
- be made free of withholding or deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or 
assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein provided that the 
Notes do not in fact function as equity of the Issuer within the meaning of article 10, paragraph 1, under d of 
the Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969). 
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) interest due and payable to an affiliated (gelieerde) entity 
of the Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly 
updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling 
laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent 
establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest 
payable for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation of another person, or (iv) is not 
considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats 
another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as resident 
anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), or (vi) is a reverse hybrid whereby the jurisdiction of residence of a higher-
tier beneficial owner (achterliggende gerechtigde) that has a qualifying interest (kwalificerend belang) in the 
reverse hybrid treats the reverse hybrid as tax transparent and that higher-tier beneficial owner would have been 
taxable based on one (or more) of the items in (i)-(v) above had the interest been due to him directly, all within 
the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
Corporate and Individual Income Tax 
Residents of the Netherlands 
If a holder of Notes is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch 
corporate income tax purposes and is fully subject to Dutch corporate income tax or is only subject to Dutch 
corporate income tax in respect of an enterprise to which the Notes are attributable, income derived from the 
Notes and gains realised upon the redemption or disposal of the Notes are generally taxable in the Netherlands 
(at up to a maximum rate of 25.8%). 
If an individual is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch 
individual income tax purposes, income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption or 
disposal of the Notes are taxable at the progressive rates (at up to a maximum rate of 49.5%) under the Dutch 
Income Tax Act 2001, if: 
(i) 
the individual is an entrepreneur (ondernemer) and has an enterprise to which the Notes are 
attributable or the individual has, other than as a shareholder, a co-entitlement to the net worth of 
an enterprise (medegerechtigde), to which enterprise the Notes are attributable; or  
(ii) 
such income or gains qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit overige 
werkzaamheden), which includes activities with respect to the Notes that exceed regular, active 
portfolio management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (i) nor condition (ii) above applies, an individual that holds the Notes, must determine 
taxable income with regard to the Notes on the basis of a deemed return on savings and investments (sparen en 
beleggen), rather than on the basis of income actually received or gains actually realised. This deemed return 
on savings and investments is determined based on the individual's yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) at the 
beginning of the calendar year (1 January), insofar as the individual's yield basis exceeds a statutory threshold 
(heffingvrij vermogen) (EUR 57,000 in 2023). The individual's yield basis is determined as the fair market value

--- Page 185 ---
182 
 
of certain qualifying assets held by the individual less the fair market value of certain qualifying liabilities on 
1 January. The individual’s deemed return is calculated by multiplying the individual’s yield basis with a 
‘deemed return percentage’ (effectief rendementspercentage), which percentage depends on the actual 
composition of the yield basis, with separate deemed return percentages for savings (banktegoeden), other 
investments (overige bezittingen) and debts (schulden). As of 1 January 2023, the percentage for other 
investments, which include the Notes, is set at 6.17%. The deemed return on savings and investments is taxed 
at a rate of 32%.  
Non-residents of the Netherlands 
If a person is neither a resident of the Netherlands nor is deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch 
corporate or individual income tax purposes, such person is not liable to Dutch income tax in respect of income 
derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption or disposal of the Notes, unless: 
(i) 
the person is not an individual and such person (1) has an enterprise that is, in whole or in part, 
carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands to 
which permanent establishment or permanent representative the Notes are attributable, or (2) is, 
other than by way of securities, entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or a co-entitlement 
to the net worth of an enterprise, which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which 
enterprise the Notes are attributable.  
This income is subject to Dutch corporate income tax at up to a maximum rate of 25.8%. 
(ii) 
the person is an individual and such individual (1) has an enterprise or an interest in an enterprise 
that is, in whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent 
representative in the Netherlands to which permanent establishment or permanent representative 
the Notes are attributable, or (2) realises income or gains with respect to the Notes that qualify as 
income from miscellaneous activities in the Netherlands which include activities with respect to 
the Notes that exceed regular, active portfolio management, or (3) is, other than by way of 
securities, entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise that is effectively managed in the 
Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes are attributable.  
Income derived from the Notes as specified under (1) and (2) by an individual is subject to individual income 
tax at progressive rates up to a maximum rate of 49.5%. Income derived from a share in the profits of an 
enterprise as specified under (3) that is not already included under (1) or (2) will be taxed on the basis of a 
deemed return on savings and investments (as described above under "Residents of the Netherlands").  
Gift and Inheritance Tax 
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of the Notes by way of gift by, 
or on the death of, a holder of a Note, unless: 
(i) 
the holder of the Notes is, or is deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions; or 
(ii) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the 
time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions. 
Value Added Tax 
In general, no value added tax will arise in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the Notes or in 
respect of a cash payment made under the Notes, or in respect of a transfer of the Notes.

--- Page 186 ---
183 
 
Other Taxes and Duties 
No registration tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty, capital tax or any other similar documentary tax or 
duty will be payable in the Netherlands by a holder in respect of or in connection with the subscription, issue, 
placement, allotment, delivery or transfer of the Notes. 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer may 
be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the Netherlands) have 
entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions 
of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be 
required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes characterised as debt (or which 
are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on 
or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru 
payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional Notes (as described under 
“Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes/Subordinated Notes — Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable 
from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to 
the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
FINANCIAL TRANSACTION TAX ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal for a Directive for a common FTT in 
Austria, Belgium, Estonia, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain. Estonia, 
however, withdrew from the enhanced cooperation in March 2016 (the “FTT Participating Member States”). 
The proposed FTT has a very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
(including secondary market transactions).  
in certain circumstances. The issuance and subsripction of the Notes should, however, be exempt.  
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State.

--- Page 187 ---
184 
 
However, as of the date of this Prospectus, the proposed FTT remains subject to negotiation between the FTT 
Participating Member States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which 
remains unclear. Additional Member States may decide to participate, and FTT Participating Member States 
may withdraw. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 188 ---
185 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 9 June 
2022 (the “Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealer and the Arranger, the Notes will be 
offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealer. However, the Issuer has reserved the right 
to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not a Permanent Dealer. The Notes may be resold at 
prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant 
Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer 
Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally 
underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with 
the update of the Programme. The commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be 
stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the 
purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II;  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.  
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, as amended and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except 
in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, 
sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche as

--- Page 189 ---
186 
 
determined, and certified to the Issuer, by the Fiscal Agent, or in the case of Notes issued on a syndicated basis, 
the relevant lead manager, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it 
will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or 
other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering 
Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For 
the purposes of this provision, the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”).  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 190 ---
187 
 
The Netherlands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that bearer Zero Coupon Notes and other Notes which qualify as savings 
certificates or spaarbewijzen as defined in the Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) may only 
be transferred or accepted through the intermediary of the Issuer of those Notes or a member of Euronext in 
Amsterdam and with due observance of the Savings Certificates Act (including registration requirements). 
However, no such intermediary services are required in respect of (i) the initial issue of those Notes to the first 
holders thereof, (ii) any transfer and acceptance by individuals who do not act in the conduct of a profession or 
trade, and (iii) the transfer or acceptance of those Notes, if they are physically issued outside the Netherlands 
and are not distributed in the Netherlands in the course of primary trading or immediately thereafter. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has not offered 
or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and 
will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the SFA pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in 
Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) 
of the SFA and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant 
to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:  
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA;  
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or

--- Page 191 ---
188 
 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA - In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP 
Regulations 2018, the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes as prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, 
Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or 
to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, 
sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it 
has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any 
similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change 
in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the Final Terms issued in 
respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering 
of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final 
Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it shall, to the best of its knowledge and belief in all material respects, comply with 
all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms in 
all cases at its own expense.

--- Page 192 ---
189 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR SENIOR NOTES 
The following is the form of Final Terms that, subject to completion and deletion of non-applicable provisions, 
will be applicable to, and issued in respect of, each issue of Notes. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID 
II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("IDD"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("EUWA") ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the

--- Page 193 ---
190 
 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition)  of 
Singapore (the SFA) – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined the 
classification of the Notes as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) 
and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products).] 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
NN Group N.V. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 724500OHYNDT9OY6Q215 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
 
under the €7,500,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
[The Notes will only be admitted to trading on [insert name of relevant QI market/segment], which is [an EEA 
regulated market/a specific segment of an EEA regulated market] (as defined in MiFID II), to which only 
qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access and shall not be offered or sold to 
non-qualified investors.]8 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
prospectus dated 8 June 2023 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the “Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein which have been prepared for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus in order to obtain 
all the relevant information. The Prospectus and the Final Terms have been published on http://www.nn-
group.com. 
 [Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case 
the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
                                                          
8 
Legend to be included for Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) which will only be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors can have access.

--- Page 194 ---
191 
 
[When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
1 
 Issuer: 
NN Group N.V. 
2 
 [(i)] Series Number: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii) Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [insert description of the Series] on [insert 
date/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [23] below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [insert date]]].] 
3 
 Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
[(i)] Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) Tranche: 
[●]] 
5 
 Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6 
 (i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
[If the specified denomination is expressed to be €100,000 
or its equivalent and multiples of a lower principal 
amount (for example €1,000), insert the following wording 
unless they are to be admitted to trading only on a 
regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated 
market, to which only qualified investors have access: 
“€100,000 and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].”] 
[In addition, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose 
issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of Section 19 
FSMA and which have a maturity of less than one year 
must have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies).]

--- Page 195 ---
192 
 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
(If there is only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If there are several Specified 
Denominations (including where the circumstances 
referred to in 6(i) above apply of having Specified 
Denominations of €100,000 and multiples of €1,000), 
insert the highest common factor of those Specified 
Denominations (note: there must be a common factor in 
the case of two or more Specified Denominations). 
7 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8 
 Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify the relevant 
month and year]] 
9 
 Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[●] month [EURIBOR]] +/– [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(See paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
10 
 Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [[●]/[100]] per cent. of their nominal amount. 
11 
 Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and 
identify there/For the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date] 
paragraph [14/15] applies and, for the period from (and 
including) [date], up to (and including) the Maturity Date, 
paragraph [14/15] applies]/Not Applicable] 
12 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Clean-up Call] 
[Issuer Make-Whole Call] 
See paragraph [17/18/19/20] below)] 
13 
 [(i)] Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
[(ii)] [Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] 
(N.B. 
Only 
relevant 
where 
Board 
(or 
similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14 
 Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 196 ---
193 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / include any other option 
from the Conditions] 
 
(vi) [Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
15 
 Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]]  
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (iv) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]] 
 
(iii) Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Business Day Convention set out 
in (v) below/, not subject to any adjustment[, as the 
Business Day Convention in (v) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable]]] 
 
(iv) First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(v) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal Agent): 
[●] 
 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[[●]-month [EURIBOR]] 
 
– Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]

--- Page 197 ---
194 
 
 
(ix) Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period) 
 
(x) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Day Count Fraction: 
[[30/360][Actual/360][Actual/365]][Include any other 
option from the Conditions] 
16 
 Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[[30/360][Actual/360][Actual/365]][Include any other 
option from the Conditions] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17 
 Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Notice period: 
[●] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of five business days’ notice for 
a call) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply.) 
18 
 Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 198 ---
195 
 
 
(iii) Notice period:  
[●] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of fifteen business days’ notice 
for a put) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply.) 
19 
 Issuer Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 (i) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 (ii) Percentage of aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding: 
[●] 
 (iii) Notice period:  
[●] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of fifteen business days’ notice 
for a put) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply.) 
20 
 Issuer Make-Whole Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notice period: 
[●] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of fifteen business days’ notice 
for a put) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply.) 
 
(ii) Parties to be notified by Issuer of 
Make-Whole Redemption Date and 
Make-whole Redemption Amount in 
addition to those set out in Condition 
5(g): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Discounting basis for purposes of 
calculating sum of the present values 
of the remaining scheduled payments 
of principal and interest on the Notes 
in the determination of the Make-
Whole Redemption Amount: 
[Annual/Semi-Annual/Quarterly] 
 
(iv) Make-Whole Redemption Margin: 
[●]

--- Page 199 ---
196 
 
 
(v) Quotation Agent: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]9 
 
(vi) Reference Dealers: 
[give details]10 
 
(vii) Reference Security: 
[give details] 
21 
 Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[●][Par] per Calculation Amount 
22 
 Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default or other early redemption: 
[●]/[Par] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23 
 Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes 
on 
[●] 
days’ 
notice] 
(The exchange at any time upon due notice option should 
not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes 
language 
substantially 
to 
the 
following 
effect: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000].” Furthermore, 
such Specified Denomination construction is not 
permitted in relation to any issue of Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes, other than in the 
limited circumstances specified in the permanent Global 
Note.) 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
Registered Notes: 
[Global Certificate registered in the name of a nominee for 
[a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
24 
 New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
                                                          
9 Unless not otherwise agreed upon, include names of the relevant lead managers 
10 Unless not otherwise agreed upon, include names of the relevant lead managers

--- Page 200 ---
197 
 
25 
 Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end dates of 
interest periods for the purposes of calculating the amount 
of interest, to which sub-paragraph 15(vi) relates] 
26 
 Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[No/Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to 
be made.] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of NN Group N.V.: 
By: 
 
 
 
By: 
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 201 ---
198 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext in 
Amsterdam with effect from [●].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext in Amsterdam 
with effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2 
 RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]: 
 
 
[S&P: [●]] 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.)] 
3 
 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion 
of the statement below:) 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
Reasons for the offer: [See “Use of Proceeds” wording in 
Prospectus/specify particular identified use of proceeds 
(in case Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds are issued, 
the category and prescribed eligibility criteria of the 
Eligible Green Assets and/or Eligible Social Assets must 
be specified)] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5 
 [Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD

--- Page 202 ---
199 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
6 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper)] [include this text for registered 
notes] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/

--- Page 203 ---
200 
 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them, the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper) [include this text for 
registered notes]. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
 
 
 
7 
 DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. 
S 
Compliance 
Category 
2;  
TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(v) [Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction)]

--- Page 204 ---
201 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR SUBORDINATED NOTES 
The following is the form of Final Terms that, subject to completion and deletion of non-applicable provisions, 
will be applicable to, and issued in respect of, each issue of Subordinated Notes. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID 
II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("IDD"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS –The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("EUWA") ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the

--- Page 205 ---
202 
 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore (the SFA) – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined the 
classification of the Notes as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) 
and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products).] 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
NN Group N.V. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 724500OHYNDT9OY6Q215 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Subordinated Notes] 
 
under the €7,500,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
[The Notes will only be admitted to trading on [insert name of relevant QI market/segment], which is [an EEA 
regulated market/a specific segment of an EEA regulated market] (as defined in MiFID II), to which only 
qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access and shall not be offered or sold to 
non-qualified investors.]11 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
prospectus dated 8 June 2023 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the “Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes described herein which have been 
prepared for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus in 
order to obtain all the relevant information. The Prospectus and the Final Terms have been published on 
www.nn-group.com.  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date.  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the prospectus dated [] which are incorporated by reference in the Prospectus dated [] 2023. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the prospectus dated [] 2023 [and the supplement(s) to it 
dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the 
“Prospectus”), save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the prospectus dated [] in order to 
obtain all the relevant information. The Prospectus has been published on www.nn-group.com.] 
                                                          
11 Legend to be included for Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) which will only be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors can have access.

--- Page 206 ---
203 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the 
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
[When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
1 
Issuer: 
NN Group N.V. 
2 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
[Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Subordinated 
Notes become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Subordinated Notes shall be 
consolidated, form a single series and be interchangeable 
for trading purposes with the [insert description of the 
Series] on [insert date/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Subordinated Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Subordinated Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 22 below [which is expected to occur on or 
about [insert date]]].] 
3 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
5 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
[If the specified denomination is expressed to be 
€100,000 or its equivalent and multiples of a lower 
principal amount (for example €1,000), insert the 
following wording unless they are to be admitted to 
trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment 
of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors 
have access: “€100,000 and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]. No Subordinated Notes in definitive form 
will be issued with a denomination above [€199,000].”] 
[In 
addition, 
Subordinated 
Notes 
(including 
Subordinated Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect 
of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of Section 19 FSMA and

--- Page 207 ---
204 
 
which have a maturity of less than one year must have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies).] 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
(If there is only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If there are several Specified 
Denominations (including where the circumstances 
referred to in 6(i) above apply of having Specified 
Denominations of €100,000 and multiples of €1,000), 
insert the highest common factor of those Specified 
Denominations (note: there must be a common factor in 
the case of two or more Specified Denominations). 
7 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify the 
relevant month and year]] [Undated (Perpetual) 
Subordinated Notes] 
9 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[] per cent. subject to Fixed Reset Rate] 
[[●] month [EURIBOR]] +/– [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(See paragraph [14/15/16/17] below) 
[Optional deferral of interest payments (Condition 
5(a)(i)): [Applicable/Not Applicable]]  
[Payment of Arrears of Interest (Condition 5(b)(iii)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[Payment of Arrears of Interest (Condition 5(b)(iv)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
10 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the dated Subordinated Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [[●]/[100]] per cent. of 
their nominal amount. 
11 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 16 below and 
identify there/For the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) 
[date] paragraph [14/16] applies and, for the period from 
(and including) [date], up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date, paragraph [14/16] applies]/Not Applicable] 
12 
Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
[Call upon Tax Event] 
[Issuer Clean-up Call] 
[Issuer Make-Whole Call]

--- Page 208 ---
205 
 
[Call upon Regulatory Event] 
[Call upon Rating Methodology Event] 
[Not Applicable] 
[See paragraph [18/19/20] below)] 
13 
[(i)] 
Status of the Subordinated 
Notes: 
Subordinated ([Tier 2 Notes/Tier 3 Notes]) 
 
[(ii)] 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Subordinated Notes 
obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Subordinated Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14 
Fixed Rate Subordinated Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / include any other 
option from the Conditions] 
 
(vi) [Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
15 
Fixed Rate Reset Subordinated Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Interest Rate: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date up to and including the First Reset 
Date 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)] to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date:  
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
(v)  
[] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [] 
 
(vi) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / / include any other 
option from the Conditions] 
 
(vii) [Determination Date(s): 
[] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long

--- Page 209 ---
206 
 
or short first or last coupon N.B. Only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
 
(viii) First Reset Date: 
[] 
 
(ix) Second Reset Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[][and []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) Reset Determination Date: 
[first/second/specify] 
Business 
Day 
immediately 
preceding the relevant Reset Date 
 
(xii) Reset Determination Time: 
[11.00 a.m. (Central European Time)/specify] 
 
(xiii) Reset Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) Mid-Swap Rate: 
[] 
 
(xv) Fixed Reset Rate Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[] 
 
(xvi) Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[] per cent. per annum (quoted on a[n] annual/semi-
annual basis) 
16 
Floating Rate Subordinated Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]]  
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (iv) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]] 
 
(iii) Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[[●] in each year[, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (v) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment[, as the Business Day Convention in (v) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable]]] 
 
(iv) First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(v) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal Agent): 
[●] 
 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination:

--- Page 210 ---
207 
 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[[●]-month [EURIBOR]] 
 
– Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(ix) Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period) 
 
(x) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Day Count Fraction: 
[[30/360][Actual/360][Actual/365]][Include any other 
option from the Conditions] 
17 
Zero Coupon Subordinated Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[[30/360][Actual/360][Actual/365]][Include any other 
option from the Conditions] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Subordinated Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Notice period: 
[●] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of five 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply.) 
19 
Issuer Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 211 ---
208 
 
 
(ii) Percentage of aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Notice period:  
[●] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of fifteen 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply.) 
20 
Issuer Make-Whole Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Date from which the Issuer Make-
Whole Call may be exercised: 
[●] 
(ii) Notice period: 
[●] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of fifteen 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply.) 
 
(iii) Parties to be notified by Issuer of 
Make-Whole Redemption Date and 
Make-whole Redemption Amount in 
addition to those set out in Condition 
6(f): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Discounting basis for purposes of 
calculating sum of the present values 
of 
the 
remaining 
scheduled 
payments of principal and interest on 
the Notes in the determination of the 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount: 
[Annual/Semi-Annual/Quarterly] 
 
(v) Make-Whole Redemption Margin: 
[●]  
 
(vi) Quotation Agent: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]12 
 
(vii) Reference Dealers: 
[give details]13 
 
(viii) Reference Security: 
[give details] 
21 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Subordinated Note: 
[●][Par] per Calculation Amount 
22 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation, regulatory or 
[●]/[Par] per Calculation Amount 
                                                          
12 Unless not otherwise agreed upon, include names of the relevant lead managers 
13 Unless not otherwise agreed upon, include names of the relevant lead managers

--- Page 212 ---
209 
 
rating reasons or on event of default or 
other early redemption: 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
 
23 
Form of Subordinated Notes: 
Bearer Subordinated Notes: 
[Temporary Global Subordinated Note exchangeable for 
a Permanent Global Subordinated Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Subordinated Notes in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Subordinated Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Subordinated Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Subordinated Notes on [●] days’ notice] 
(The exchange at any time upon due notice option should 
not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Subordinated Notes in paragraph 6 
includes language substantially to the following effect: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000].” Furthermore, 
such Specified Denomination construction is not 
permitted in relation to any issue of Subordinated Notes 
which is to be represented on issue by a Temporary 
Global Subordinated Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Subordinated Notes, other than in the limited 
circumstances specified in the permanent Global 
Subordinated Note.) 
 
 
[Permanent Global Subordinated Note exchangeable for 
Definitive 
Subordinated 
Notes 
in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Subordinated Note] 
 
 
Registered Subordinated Notes: 
[Global Certificate registered in the name of a nominee 
for [a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
24 
New Global Subordinated Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
25 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end dates of 
interest periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub-paragraph 16(vi) 
relates] 
26 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Subordinated Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[No/Yes. As the Subordinated Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made.] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION

--- Page 213 ---
210 
 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of NN Group N.V.: 
By: 
By: 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 214 ---
211 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Subordinated Notes to be admitted to 
trading on Euronext in Amsterdam with effect from 
[●].] [Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Subordinated Notes to be 
admitted to trading on Euronext in Amsterdam with 
effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Subordinated Notes are already admitted 
to trading.) 
 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2 
 RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Subordinated Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated]: 
 
 
[S&P: [●]] 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.)] 
3 
 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the statement below:) 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Subordinated Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
Reasons for the offer: [See “Use of Proceeds” wording 
in Prospectus/specify particular identified use of 
proceeds (in case Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds 
are issued, the category and prescribed eligibility 
criteria of the Eligible Green Assets and/or Eligible 
Social Assets must be specified)]

--- Page 215 ---
212 
 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5 
 [Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
6 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Subordinated Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
[(and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)] [include this text 
for registered notes] and does not necessarily mean that 
the Subordinated Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Subordinated Notes are capable of meeting them, the 
Subordinated Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as

--- Page 216 ---
213 
 
common safekeeper) [include this text for registered 
notes]. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Subordinated Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
 
 
 
7 
 DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. 
S 
Compliance 
Category 
2;  
TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(v) [Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)]

--- Page 217 ---
214 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
Application has been made to Euronext for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted 
to trading on Euronext Amsterdam. 
(2) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the Netherlands in 
connection with the establishment of the Programme. The establishment of the Programme was 
authorised by the Executive Board and the Management Board and passed on 27 October 2014. The 
update of the Programme was authorised by the Executive Board and passed on 25 May 2023. 
(3) 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
(4) 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022. There 
has been no significant change in the financial performance and financial position of the Issuer or of the 
Group since 31 December 2022. 
(5) 
Each Bearer Note (other than a Temporary Bearer Note) having a maturity of more than one year, 
Receipt, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: “Any United States person who holds this 
obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the 
limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
(6) 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant 
clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any 
alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(7) 
Where information in this Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
(8) 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the relevant 
Final Terms of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does not intend to 
provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes. 
(9) 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Prospectus, the following documents will be 
available for inspection from https://www.nn-group.com/investors/debt-securities-credit-ratings/nn-
group-debt-securities.htm: 
(i) 
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Bearer Notes, 
the Certificates, the Coupons, the Receipts and the Talons); 
(ii) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading 
on a regulated market within the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic 
Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must

--- Page 218 ---
215 
 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Issuing and Paying Agent as to its holding of 
Notes and identity); and 
(iv) 
a copy of this Prospectus together with any supplement to this Prospectus or further Prospectus. 
(10) 
KPMG Accountants N.V. have issued an unqualified auditor’s report on the consolidated annual 
accounts and parent company annual accounts for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 dated 8 
March 2023 and 9 March 2022, respectively.  
(11) 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to, the Issuer and/or 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
(12) 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued 
under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) 
entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal 
in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
(13) 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts 
of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments 
of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
(14) 
This section provides further information relating to alternative performance measures (“APMs”) for the 
purposes of the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) Guidelines on Alternative 
Performance Measures (the “APM Guidelines”).  
The terms “adjusted allocated equity” and “OCG” as used by the Issuer and included in this Prospectus 
can be characterised as APMs. The Issuer believes that these APMs provide useful insights for investors 
in the performance of the Issuer. As a result, the APMs are included in this Prospectus to allow potential 
holders of the Notes to better assess the Issuer’s performance and business and set out below is a further 
clarification as to the meaning of each such measure (and any associated terms). The APMs set out in 
this Prospectus have not been audited.

--- Page 219 ---
216 
 
DEFINITIONS  
The following definitions are used throughout this Prospectus: 
1996 Agreement 
the agreement between NN, NNIS, NNOFIC and the ILU, under 
which NN and NNIS agreed to procure a letter of credit in favour 
of the ILU as to liabilities of Orion and/or L&O in respect of any 
or all contracts of insurance or reinsurance evidenced by policies 
signed and issued by the ILU (i) on behalf of Orion with inception 
dates on or after 28 August 1970 and/or (ii) on behalf of L&O 
with inception dates on or after 20 March 1969 (qualifying ILU 
policies) 
2009 Restructuring Plan 
the restructuring plan submitted to the EC by ING Group in 
October 2009 as approved by the EC in November 2009 
2012 Restructuring Plan 
the amended 2009 Restructuring Plan as approved by the EC in 
November 2012 
2013 Restructuring Plan 
the amended 2012 Restructuring Plan as approved by the EC in 
November 2013 
ABS 
asset-backed securities 
AFM 
the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (Stichting 
Autoriteit Financiële Markten) 
AIFMD 
Directive 2011/61/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 8 June 2011 and the implementing measures by the EC 
thereunder (Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive) 
Amendment 
an amendment to IFRS 4 ‘Insurance Contracts’ which was issued 
in September 2016 by the IASB  
Amending Scheme of Arrangement 
the amendment to the Original Scheme of Arrangement 
APE 
annual premium equivalent, calculated as the total amount of 
recurring premiums from new business plus 10% of the total 
amount of single premiums on business written during the year 
ARPFE 
Act on Remuneration Policies in Financial Enterprises (Wet 
beloningsbeleid financiële ondernemingen)  
Articles of Association 
the articles of association of the Issuer 
AuM 
assets under management 
Basel II 
revised regulatory capital framework published by the Basel 
Committee on Banking Supervision 2006. 
Basel III Reforms 
finalised regulatory capital framework for more resilient banks 
and banking systems which was implemented in the European 
Economic Area through CRD IV, as published on 7 December 
2017 (informally also referred to as Basel IV). 
CEE 
Central and Eastern Europe 
CEO 
chief executive officer  
CFO 
chief financial officer

--- Page 220 ---
217 
 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Clearstream Banking, S.A.  
COBS 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
ComFrame 
Common Framework for the Supervision of IAIGs 
CPLA 
claims payment loan agreement 
CRD III 
Directive 2010/76/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 24 November 2010 
CRD IV 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 and Regulation EU No. 575/2013 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
CRO 
chief risk officer 
CZ 
Onderlinge Waarborgmaatschappij CZ groep Zorgverzekeraar 
U.A. 
De Nederlanden 
Assurantie Maatschappij tegen Brandschade N.V., later renamed 
to De Nederlanden van 1845 N.V. 
Delta Lloyd 
Delta Lloyd N.V., which is merged into NN Group Bidco B.V. as 
of 1 June 2017 and into NN Group N.V. as of 31 December 2017 
Delta Lloyd Non-Life 
Delta Lloyd Schadeverzekering N.V., which is merged into NN 
Non-Life as of 1 January 2019 
DNB 
the Dutch Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank N.V.) 
Dutch Financial Supervision Act 
the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel 
toezicht) and the rules promulgated thereunder 
D&A 
disability and accident 
EC 
European Commission 
ECB 
European Central Bank 
EC Restructuring Plan 
the 2009 Restructuring Plan, together with the 2012 and 2013 
Restructuring Plans 
EIOPA 
European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority 
EMIR 
Regulation EU No. 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 4 July 2012 (European Market Infrastructure 
Regulation) 
EMIR 2.2 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2099 amending EMIR as regards the 
procedures and authorities involved for the authorisation of CCPs 
and requirements for the recognition of third-country CCPs  
EMIR REFIT 
Regulation (EU) 2019/834 amending EMIR as regards the 
clearing obligation, the suspension of the clearing obligation, the 
reporting requirements, the risk-mitigation techniques for over 
the counter (OTC) derivative contracts not cleared by a central 
counterparty (CCP) 
EU 
European Union 
EU Action Plan on Sustainable Finance 
Communication from the European Commission dated 8 March 
2018 on Action Plan: Financing Sustainable Growth

--- Page 221 ---
218 
 
EU Banking Reforms 
the comprehensive package of banking reforms to CRD IV, CRR, 
the BRRD II and the SRM, including measures to increase the 
resilience of EU institutions and enhance financial stability, 
proposed by the European Commission on 23 November 2016. 
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks 
in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds 
EUR or euro or € 
the currency of the European Monetary Union 
Euroclear 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
Euronext 
Euronext Amsterdam N.V. 
Euronext Amsterdam 
Euronext in Amsterdam 
EUWA 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
Executive Board 
the executive board (raad van bestuur) of the Issuer 
FATCA 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
FICO 
Financial Conglomerate  
FIEA 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 
1948, as amended) 
Fitch 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
FSMA 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
FTT 
financial transaction tax 
General Meeting 
the general meeting of Shareholders 
Group 
the Issuer and its subsidiaries 
G-SIFI 
global systemically important financial institution 
G-SII 
global systemically important issuer 
GWP 
gross written premiums; total premiums (whether or not earned) 
for insurance contracts written or assumed during a specific 
period, without deduction for premiums ceded 
IAIG  
Internationally Active Insurance Group 
IAIS 
International Association of Insurance Supervisors 
IASB 
International Accounting Standards Board 
ICAAP 
internal capital adequacy assessment process 
ICS 
risk-based global insurance capital standard 
ICSDs 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
IDD 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 January 2016 (Insurance Distribution Directive) 
IFRS 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU 
IGA 
intergovernmental agreement 
ILU 
the Institute of London Underwriters

--- Page 222 ---
219 
 
ING 
ING Group and its subsidiaries (including ING Bank and 
excluding NN) 
ING Bank 
ING Bank N.V. and its subsidiaries and branches 
ING Groep 
ING Group N.V. 
ING Insurance Eurasia 
ING Insurance Eurasia N.V., which is renamed to NN Insurance 
Eurasia N.V. 
ING Pension Fund 
the Dutch ING pension fund (Stichting Pensioenfonds ING) 
ING U.S. 
Voya Financial, Inc., until 7 April 2014 known as ING U.S., Inc. 
INGV 
ING Verzekeringen N.V. 
Issuer 
NN Group N.V., formerly known as ING Insurance Topholding 
N.V., which company merged with ING Verzekeringen N.V. on 1 
March 2014 
IRS 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service  
IT 
information technology 
Joint Scheme Administrators 
the joint scheme administrators in the provisional liquidation of 
each or Orion and L&O 
L&O 
The London and Overseas Insurance Company PLC, which has 
subsequently been renamed London and Overseas Insurance 
Company Limited 
Member State 
a member state of the EU 
MiFID 
Directive 2004/39/EC of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 21 April 2004 (Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive) 
MiFID II 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 May 2014 (Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive II) 
MiFIR 
Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 15 May 2014 (Markets in Financial Instruments 
Regulation) 
Moody’s 
Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. 
MREL 
minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
Nationale 
Nationale Levensverzekering-Bank N.V. 
Nationale-Nederlanden Spain 
Nationale Nederlanden Vida, Compania de Seguros y 
Reaseguros. S.A. and Nationale Nederlanden Generales, 
Compania de Seguros y Reaseguros, S.A. 
NN 
the Issuer and its subsidiaries 
NN Bank 
Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V. and its subsidiaries 
NN Belgium 
NN Insurance Belgium NV and NN Insurance Services Belgium 
NV 
NN Czech Republic 
NN Životní pojišťovna N.V., pobočka pro Českou republiku 
(Czech Branch of Nationale-Nederlanden Levensverzekering

--- Page 223 ---
220 
 
Maatschappij N.V. in the Netherlands), NN Životná poisťovňa, 
a.s., pobočka pro Českou republiku (a branch of NN Životná 
poisťovňa, a.s. in Slovak Republic) and NN Penzijní společnost, 
a.s.  
NN Bidco  
NN Group Bidco B.V. 
NN Group 
NN Group N.V. 
NN Hungary 
NN Biztosító Zártkörûen Mûködõ Részvénytársaság 
NN Investment Partners  
NN Investment Management Holdings N.V. and its subsidiaries  
NN Japan 
NN Life Insurance Company, Ltd. 
NN Life 
Nationale-Nederlanden Levensverzekering Maatschappij N.V. 
NN Non-Life 
Nationale-Nederlanden Schadeverzekering Maatschappij N.V. 
NN Re 
NN’s reinsurance business, as conducted by NN Re (Netherlands) 
N.V. 
NNIS 
Nationale-Nederlanden Internationale Schadeverzekering N.V. (a 
subsidiary of the Issuer which has since merged with a UK 
subsidiary of the Issuer, creating Nationale-Nederlanden 
Internationale Schadeverzekering S.E.) 
NNOFIC 
Nationale-Nederlanden Overseas Finance and Investment 
Company (a UK subsidiary of the Issuer) 
Nomination and Corporate Governance 
Committee 
the nomination and corporate governance committee of the 
Supervisory Board 
NRA 
national resolution authority 
OCG 
means Operating Capital Generation and is the movement in the 
solvency surplus (own funds before eligibility constraints over 
SCR at 100%) in the period due to operating items, including the 
impact of new business, expected investment returns in excess of 
the unwind of liabilities, release of the risk margin, operating 
variances, non-life underwriting result, contribution of non-
Solvency II entities and holding expenses and debt costs and the 
change in the SCR. It excludes economic variances, economic 
assumption changes and non-operating expenses 
Opinion 
EIOPA’s Opinion on the 2020 Review of Solvency II dated 17 
December 2020 
Original Scheme of Arrangement 
the creditor’s scheme of arrangement in relation to each of Orion 
and L&O, which became effective in 1997 
Orion 
Orion Insurance Company PLC, which has subsequently been 
renamed OIC Run-Off Limited 
ORSA 
own risk and solvency assessment 
OTC 
over-the-counter 
Preference Shares 
the preference shares in the capital of the Issuer with a nominal 
value of EUR 0.12 each  
Prospectus 
this base prospectus dated 8 June 2023

--- Page 224 ---
221 
 
Prospectus Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  
P&C 
property and casualty 
Partial Internal Model 
a method of calculating the SCR that combines a standard formula 
and an approved, internally developed internal model 
qualifying ILU policies 
contracts of insurance or reinsurance evidenced by policies signed 
and issued by the ILU (i) on behalf of Orion with inception dates 
on or after 28 August 1970 and/or (ii) on behalf of L&O with 
inception dates on or after 20 March 1969  
Recovery and Resolution Directive 
Directive 2014/59/EC of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 May 2014 (as amended) 
Regulation S 
Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act 
Remuneration Committee 
the remuneration committee of the Supervisory Board 
Risk Committee 
the risk committee of the Supervisory Board 
ROE 
Return On Equity 
S&P 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
SCR 
solvency capital requirements 
SFDR 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 27 November 2019 on sustainability-related 
disclosures in the financial services sector  
Share 
share in the capital of the Issuer 
Shareholder 
a holder of at least one Share  
SME 
small- or medium-sized enterprise 
Solvency II 
revised European regulatory framework for the prudential 
supervision of insurance companies, reinsurance companies and 
insurance holding companies, as laid down in the Solvency II 
Directive 
Solvency II Directive 
Directive 2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 25 November 2009 and the implementing measures by 
the EC thereunder, as amended 
SPVA 
single premium variable annuity 
Supervisory Board 
the supervisory board (raad van commissarissen) of the Issuer 
UCITS 
Directive 2009/65/EC of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 13 July 2009 and the implementing measures by the 
EC thereunder, as amended 
UFR 
ultimate forward rate 
UK CRA Regulation 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA 
UK MiFIR 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook

--- Page 225 ---
222 
 
UK PRIIPS Regulation 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA  
United Kingdom or UK 
the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 
United States or U.S.  
the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any 
state of the United States of America and the District of Columbia 
USD 
United States dollar 
U.S. Securities Act 
the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
VA 
variable annuity 
VIVAT 
VIVAT Non-Life 
VIVAT Non-Life Acquisition 
VIVAT N.V. 
Vivat Schadeverzekeringen N.V. 
The acquisition by NN Non-Life of the outstanding shares in 
VIVAT Non-Life 
Works Council 
the Issuer’s works council 
WUB 
WestlandUtrecht Bank N.V.

--- Page 226 ---
223 
 
GLOSSARY OF INSURANCE AND INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TERMS 
 
annuity 
a contract between an annuitant and an insurance company, 
under which the annuitant makes a lump sum payment or a series 
of payments; in return, the insurer agrees to make periodic 
payments to the annuitant beginning immediately or at some 
future date 
asset-backed securities; ABS 
a type of bond or note that is based on pools of assets, or 
collaterised by the cash flows from a specified pool of underlying 
assets 
bancassurance 
insurance companies using a bank’s distribution network, 
including branches, call centres, financial centres and internet 
platforms to reach customers and distribute their products 
bank annuities 
a long-term savings and investment product that provides 
economic returns to customers that are similar to, and otherwise 
substitute for, individual life annuity products in the Netherlands 
brokers 
companies (traditional broker companies as well as product 
comparison websites) that offer a variety of products from a wide 
range of insurance companies; the advisory services are more 
standardised and usually based on the cross-product comparison 
of certain characteristics 
cede; ceding insurer; cession 
when an insurer reinsures its risk with another insurer (a 
“cession”), it “cedes” business and is referred to as the “ceding 
insurer” 
claim 
a demand made by the insured, or the insured’s beneficiary, for 
payment of the benefits as provided by the policy 
closed block 
the block of business is closed, meaning the insurer no longer 
writes new business although existing policies within the closed 
block remain in effect (and the insurer may continue to collect 
premiums) until they run off 
defined benefit 
a pension plan where specified benefits are accrued that equal a 
certain percentage of the insured’s “pensionable income” for 
each year that the insured participates in the plan; after the 
pension date, the insured will receive a predetermined fixed 
annuity, including or excluding corrections for inflation 
defined contribution 
a pension plan where specified contributions are paid into an 
account for the insured and then invested, with returns credited 
to the employee’s account; upon termination of the plan, the 
balance of the employee’s account is used to purchase an annuity 
direct channel 
distribution 
through 
proprietary 
channels 
of 
insurance 
companies and banks, respectively (e.g. online platforms, call 
centres, in-house advisers)

--- Page 227 ---
224 
 
economic capital 
the minimum amount of capital that is required to absorb 
unexpected losses in times of severe stress; for NN the economic 
capital is calculated based on a confidence level of 99.5 per cent., 
which is aligned with the Solvency II Directive 
general account 
the assets of an insurance company that support its insurance and 
other obligations (excluding unit-linked (separate account) 
obligations) 
independent agent 
advisers that sell products from more than one insurer, taking 
into account product characteristics and the supplier when 
helping a customer choose; compensation is based on fees and/or 
commissions 
intermediaries 
independent intermediaries through which life and non-life 
insurance products and pension funds are distributed, which 
include independent agents, actuarial consulting firms, brokers 
and mandated brokers; for the avoidance of doubt, each type of 
intermediary may not be used in each geographical market 
loss 
an injury, harm, damage or financial detriment that a person 
sustains; losses may be covered, limited or excluded from 
coverage, depending on the terms of the policy 
mandated broker 
a company offering insurance policies under its own brand with 
a mandate from an insurance company to underwrite policies; 
however, the insurance company bears the risk related to the 
issued policies 
recurring premium 
an insurance policy where the policyholder makes periodic 
payments 
reinsurance 
the practice whereby one insurer, called the reinsurer, in 
consideration for premiums received, agrees to indemnify the 
reinsured or ceding insurer for part or all of the liability assumed 
by the reinsured under a contract or contracts of insurance which 
the reinsured has issued; the legal rights of the insured generally 
are not affected by the reinsurance transaction, and the insurance 
enterprise issuing the insurance contract remains liable to the 
insured for payment of policy benefits 
reserves 
liabilities established by insurers and reinsurers to reflect the 
estimated cost of claims payments and benefits payments and the 
related expenses that the insurer or reinsurer will ultimately be 
required to pay in accordance with the insurance or reinsurance 
it has written 
retention 
the amount or portion of risk which a ceding insurer retains for 
its own account; losses and loss expenses paid by the ceding 
insurer in excess of the retention level are then reimbursed to the 
insurer by the reinsurer; in proportional insurance, the retention 
may be a percentage of the original policy’s limit; in non-
proportional insurance, the retention is an amount of loss, a loss 
ratio or a percentage

--- Page 228 ---
225 
 
separate account 
an investment account established and maintained by an insurer 
to which funds have been allocated for certain insurance policies 
or contracts of the insurer. The income, gains and losses realised 
from assets allocated to the account are, in accordance with the 
insurance policies or contracts, credited to or charged against the 
account without regard to other income, gains or losses of the 
insurer or the insurer’s other separate accounts. Separate 
accounts cannot generally be charged with the liabilities of the 
general account. The policyholders bear all of the investment risk 
for these products 
single premium 
an insurance policy where the policyholder pays a single, one-
off premium 
surrender 
many life insurance products permit the insured to withdraw a 
portion or all of the cash surrender value of the contract; future 
benefits are reduced accordingly 
term life insurance 
life insurance protection for a limited period which expires 
without maturity value if the insured survives the period 
specified in the policy 
tied agent 
adviser that sells insurance contracts exclusively for one specific 
insurance company, with his payment predominantly based on 
commissions 
traditional life insurance 
life insurance where claims paid consist of a predetermined 
amount, 
sometimes 
supplemented 
by 
a 
profit-sharing 
arrangement 
underwriting 
the process whereby an insurer or reinsurer reviews applications 
submitted for insurance or reinsurance coverage and determines 
whether it will provide all or part of the coverage being requested 
for an agreed premium

--- Page 229 ---
226 
 
 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
NN Group N.V. 
Schenkkade 65 
2595 AS The Hague 
The Netherlands 
Dealer 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Fiscal Agent, Calculation Agent and Paying Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
Registrar and Transfer Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon S.A./NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg  
Luxembourg 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Amsterdam Listing Agent 
ING Bank N.V. 
Bijlmerplein 888 
1102 MG Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Auditors 
KPMG Accountants N.V. 
Laan van Langerhuize 1 
1186 DS Amstelveen 
The Netherlands

--- Page 230 ---
227 
 
Legal Advisers 
to the Issuer 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Apollolaan 15 
1077 AB Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
to the Dealers 
Linklaters LLP 
WTC Amsterdam 
Zuidplein 180 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands