--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
NOKIA CORPORATION 
(incorporated as a public limited liability company in the Republic of Finland) 
EUR 5,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
________________________ 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”) as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”).  The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed under the Prospectus Regulation.  Approval by the 
Central Bank should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the notes (“Notes”) issued under the Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this Base Prospectus. Such approval relates only to the Notes 
issued under the Programme within 12 months of the date hereof which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of the Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or superseded, “MiFID II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public in 
any Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months after the 
date hereof to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin (the “Official List”) and to trading on its regulated market.  The 
maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not exceed EUR 
5,000,000,000 (as further described herein).  
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been 
admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market and have been listed on the Official List.  References in this Base 
Prospectus to “Euronext Dublin” (and all related references) shall mean the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc 
trading as Euronext Dublin. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA.  The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no 
longer valid.   
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Nokia Corporation (the “Issuer”) has the following credit ratings assigned to it: “BBB-” 
by Fitch Ratings Limited (“Fitch”), “BBB-” by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and “Ba1” by Moody’s Italia S.r.l. 
(“Moody’s”).  The Programme has been rated “BBB-” by Fitch, “BBB-” by S&P and “Ba1” by Moody’s. Each of S&P and 
Moody’s is established in the EEA and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”).  As such, S&P and Moody’s are included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.  S&P and Moody’s are not established in the United Kingdom but the ratings issued by 
S&P and Moody’s have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and Moody’s Investors Service Limited, respectively 
in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”).  
Fitch is established in the UK and is registered under the UK CRA Regulation.  Fitch is not established in the EEA but the ratings 
issued by Fitch have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.  Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited is established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation.  As such Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.  
Tranches of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to Notes already issued.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the relevant credit rating 
agency. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR, SONIA or 
SOFR, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 2 ---
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (as the administrator of EURIBOR), Norske 
Finansielle Referanser AS (as the administrator of NIBOR) and the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility (as the administrator 
of STIBOR) are included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “EU 
Benchmarks Regulation”).  
As far as the Issuer is aware, the Bank of England (as the administrator of SONIA) and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(as the administrator of SOFR) do not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities 
of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under “Risk Factors” below. 
 
Arranger 
 
 
Deutsche Bank 
 
 
Dealers 
 
Citigroup 
 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
 
J.P. Morgan 
 
5 July 2023

--- Page 3 ---
i 
 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS AND PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Nokia Corporation is a public limited liability company incorporated in the Republic of Finland and registered to the Finish Trade 
Register since 1896.  In this Base Prospectus, all references to “Nokia”, “we”, “us”, “our” or “the Group” are to Nokia 
Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries and generally to Nokia’s continuing operations, except where it is made clear that 
the term means Nokia Corporation or a particular subsidiary or business segment only or our discontinued operations.   
References to Nokia’s “shares”, matters relating to Nokia’s shares or matters of Nokia’s corporate governance, refer to the shares 
and corporate governance of Nokia Corporation.  All references to the “Issuer” are to Nokia Corporation and not to any of its 
subsidiaries. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a “Member State” are references to a Member State of the 
European Economic Area, references to “U.S.$”, “USD”, “U.S. dollars”, “$” or “dollars” are to United States dollars, references 
to “EUR”, “euro” or “€” are to the lawful currency of the Member States that have adopted the single currency in accordance 
with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union, references to “Sterling”, 
“£” and “GBP” are to the currency of the United Kingdom, references to “Japanese Yen” and “JPY” are to the currency of Japan, 
and references to “Swiss Francs” and “CHF” are to the currency of Switzerland. 
In this Base Prospectus, the “Acquisition of Alcatel-Lucent” refers to the completion of our acquisition of Alcatel-Lucent on 4 
January 2016.  
Financial reporting structure 
Nokia has four operating and reportable segments for financial reporting purposes: (1) Network Infrastructure, (2) Mobile 
Networks, (3) Cloud and Network Services and (4) Nokia Technologies.  In addition, Nokia provides net sales disclosure for the 
following businesses within the Network Infrastructure segment: (i) IP Networks, (ii) Optical Networks, (iii) Fixed Networks and 
(iv) Submarine Networks. Nokia also presents segment-level information for Group Common and Other in its financial 
information, which comprises Radio Frequency Systems, which is managed as a separate entity. In addition, Group Common and 
Other includes certain corporate-level and centrally managed operating expenses, as well as fair value gains and losses on 
investments in unlisted venture funds, including investments managed by NGP Capital. 
Nokia also intends to continue providing separate net sales disclosure for its different customer types: (1) Communication Service 
Providers, (2) Enterprises and (3) Licensees.  Net sales by region are provided at the Nokia level. 
Changes in Accounting Standards 
On 1 January 2022, Nokia adopted the following amendments to the accounting standards issued by the IASB and endorsed by 
the EU: 
• 
amendments to IFRS 3 Business Combinations: Reference to the Conceptual Framework; 
• 
amendments to IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use; 
• 
amendments to IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets: Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling 
a Contract; and 
• 
amendments included in the Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards 2018-2020 Cycle. 
Nokia has not early adopted any new and amended standards and interpretations that have been issued but are not yet effective.  
The new and amended standards and interpretations issued by the IASB that are effective in future periods are not expected to 
have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements of Nokia when adopted.  Nokia intends to adopt these new and 
amended standards and interpretations, if applicable, when they become effective and are endorsed by the EU. 
Rounding 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown for the 
same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic 
aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Website 
Our website is located at https://www.nokia.com/.  We have included our website address as an inactive textual reference only.  
The contents of the website are not incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary indication appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a reference to that 
law or provision, as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 4 ---
ii 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 
8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms (as defined below) 
and declares that the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms is, to the best of its knowledge, in 
accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Subject as provided in the relevant Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus in connection with an 
offer of Notes are the persons named in the relevant Final Terms as the relevant Dealer or the Managers, as the case may be. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference 
(see “Information Incorporated by Reference”).  This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents 
are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see “Information Incorporated by 
Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank.  
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from a third party, this information has been accurately reproduced 
and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published by that third party, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  The source of third party information is 
identified where used. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English.  Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original 
language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
(the “Conditions”) below as completed by a document specific to such Tranche of Notes called the final terms (each a “Final 
Terms”) or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche of Notes (each a “Drawdown Prospectus”) (as described in “Final 
Terms, Drawdown Prospectuses and Supplements”).  In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall 
be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus, unless 
the context requires otherwise.  This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any amendments or supplements 
hereto and with any information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of 
Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this 
Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by Nokia or such 
other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon 
as having been authorised by Nokia or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and none 
of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus.  Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery 
of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true 
subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or 
that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial 
performance or financial position of Nokia since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at 
any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG ratings may differ.  The Issuer’s 
ESG ratings are not indicative of its current or future operating or financial performance, or any future ability to service the Notes 
and are only current as of the dates on which they were initially issued.  Prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any such ESG ratings information contained in this Base Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment decision.  
Furthermore, ESG ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold the 
Notes.  Currently, the providers of such ESG ratings are not subject to any regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their 
determination and award of ESG ratings.  For more information regarding the valuation methodologies used to determine ESG 
ratings, please refer to the relevant ratings agency’s website (which website does not form a part of, nor is incorporated by reference 
in, this Base Prospectus). 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer 
and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.  In particular, no action has been taken by the 
Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any

--- Page 5 ---
iii 
 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, 
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.  For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other 
offering material relating to the Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”.  In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered 
under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the “Securities Act”) and Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements.  Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. 
persons. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation, or inducement to subscribe for or purchase 
any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes.  Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not exceed EUR 
5,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated into euro at the date of the 
agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement).  The maximum aggregate 
principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, 
subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement (as defined under “Subscription and Sale” below). 
Any person making or intending to make a public offer of Notes, or seek the admission of any Notes to trading, in any Member 
State of the European Economic Area may only do so if this Base Prospectus has been approved by the competent authority in 
that Member State (or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that 
Member State) and published in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.  Any person making or intending to make a public 
offer of Notes, or seek the admission of any Notes to trading in the UK may only do so if this Base Prospectus has been approved 
by the Financial Conduct Authority (as the competent authority in the UK) and published in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”).  Save as provided above, 
none of the Issuer or any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any public offer of Notes, or any application 
for admission of any Notes to trading, in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or 
supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
In connection with any offering of the Notes, the Dealers are not acting for anyone other than the Issuer and will not be responsible 
to anyone other than the Issuer for providing the protections afforded to their clients nor for providing advice in relation to any 
offering of the Notes. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS — If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA.  For the purposes of this provision, 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i). a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.  Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS — If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK.  For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.  Consequently, no key information 
document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID 
II product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own

--- Page 6 ---
iv 
 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance rules under EU 
Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will 
be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market — The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
NOTICE TO POTENTIAL INVESTORS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM — In the United Kingdom, this document is for 
distribution only, and is only directed at persons who (i) have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling 
within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the 
“Financial Promotion Order”), (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (high net worth companies, unincorporated 
associations etc.) of the Financial Promotion Order; or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in 
investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the 
issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together 
being referred to as “relevant persons”).  This document is directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied 
on by persons who are not relevant persons.  Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available 
only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE 
(as amended or modified from time to time) (the “SFA”) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all 
Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
NOTICE TO INVESTORS IN CANADA - The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, 
as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) 
of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, 
Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations.  Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, 
or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.  Securities legislation in certain 
provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus 
(including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation; provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are 
exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory.  
The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for 
particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.  If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued 
or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting 
Conflicts (“NI 33-105”), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding 
underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. 
NOTICE TO SWISS PERMITTED INVESTORS - The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland 
within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to 
trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland.  Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available 
in Switzerland.  No key information document according to FinSA or any equivalent document under the FinSA has been prepared 
in relation to the Notes, and, therefore, the Notes may not be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of the 
FinSA in Switzerland. 
SECOND PARTY OPINIONS AND EXTERNAL VERIFICATION 
In February 2023, the Issuer adopted a framework relating to its sustainability strategy and targets to, inter alia, foster the best 
market practices and present a unified and coherent suite of sustainability-linked financing instruments (the “Sustainability-
Linked Framework”) (available on the Issuer’s website at https://www.nokia.com/about-us/investors/debt-information/debt-

--- Page 7 ---
v 
 
downloads/) in accordance with the Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles 2020 (the “SLBP”) administered by the International 
Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) and the Sustainability-Linked Loan Principles (the “SLLP”) administered by the Loan 
Market Association (“LMA”). The Sustainability-Linked Framework was reviewed by Sustainalytics, which provided an 
independent assessment second party opinion (available on the Issuer’s website at https://www.nokia.com/about-
us/investors/debt-information/debt-downloads/) on, inter alia, the Sustainability-Linked Framework’s transparency and 
governance and confirmed the alignment with the SLBP and the SLLP (together with other second party opinions that may be 
issued from time to time in connection with the Sustainability-Linked Framework, the “Second Party Opinion”). The 
Sustainability-Linked Framework outlines, inter alia, the key performance indicator (“KPI”) of the Issuer, being a reduction of 
absolute greenhouse gas emissions across the Issuer’s value chain (Scope 1, 2 and 3) and the associated sustainability performance 
target (“SPT”) selected by the Issuer as a metric to assess its sustainability-linked financing instruments, being a reduction of 
absolute greenhouse gas emissions across the Issuer’s value chain (Scope 1, 2 and 3) by 50 per cent. between 2019 and 2030. The 
failure to comply with such SPT may result in a coupon adjustment, a premium payment or a margin adjustment (as the case may 
be) in connection with Notes issued as Step Up Notes or Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes under the Programme. For 
further details, see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. 
In connection with the issue of Step Up Notes and Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes under the Programme, the Issuer may 
request a provider of second party opinions to issue a Second Party Opinion. In addition, in connection with the issue of Step Up 
Notes and Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes under the Programme, the Issuer will engage one or more External Verifiers 
to carry out the relevant assessments required for the purposes of providing an Assurance Report (each as defined in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”) in relation to the Step Up Notes and the Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes pursuant to Condition 
19A (Available Information). Each such Second Party Opinion or Assurance Report will be accessible through the Issuer’s website 
at https://www.nokia.com/about-us/investors/debt-information/debt-downloads/. However, any information on, or accessible 
through, the Issuer’s website and the information in such Second Party Opinions, Assurance Reports, or certification or any past 
or future Assurance Report, Sustainability-Linked Framework or Second Party Opinion, is not part of, nor shall it be deemed to 
be incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus and should not be relied upon in connection with making any investment 
decision with respect to any Notes to be issued under the Programme. 
The Issuer does not assume any obligation or responsibility to release any update or revision to the Sustainability-Linked 
Framework and/or information to reflect events or circumstances after the date of publication of the Sustainability-Linked 
Framework and, therefore, an update or a revision of the Second Party Opinion may or may not be requested of Sustainalytics or 
other providers of second party opinions. The Second Party Opinion and any other opinion or certification is not intended to 
address any credit, market or other aspects of any investment in any Note, including without limitation market price, marketability, 
investor preference or suitability of any security or any other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. Moreover, any 
providers of second party opinions and providers of similar opinions and certifications are not, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight (for further detail, see the risk factor entitled “Step Up 
Notes and Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets 
with sustainability characteristics”). Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should it be deemed to be, a recommendation 
by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers to buy, sell or hold Step Up Notes or Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of such information, together with any other investigation such 
investors deem necessary, for the purpose of any investment in such Notes and its suitability also in light of their own 
circumstances. In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any External Verifier 
as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any framework, opinion, report or certification of any third party 
in connection with the offering of Step Up Notes or any Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such opinion, report or certification and any other document related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated 
in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of the Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over allot Notes or effect transactions with 
a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it 
must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by 
the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with 
all applicable laws. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In 
particular, each potential investor should:   
(i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks 
of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
or any applicable supplement;

--- Page 8 ---
vi 
 
(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment 
portfolio; 
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including 
Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or 
interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and 
financial markets; and 
(v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments.  Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase complex 
financial instruments as stand-alone investments.  They purchase complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk 
or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios.  A potential 
investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with 
a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of 
the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation 
by certain authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent: 
(i) Notes are legal investments for it; (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing; and (iii) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules.

--- Page 9 ---
vii 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
It should be noted that Nokia and its businesses are exposed to various risks and uncertainties and certain statements herein that 
are not historical facts are forward-looking statements.  These forward-looking statements reflect Nokia’s current expectations 
and views of future developments and include statements regarding:  
• 
business strategies, market expansion, growth management, and future industry trends and megatrends and our plans to 
address them; 
• 
future performance of our businesses and any future distributions and dividends; 
• 
expectations and targets regarding financial performance, results, operating expenses, cash flows, taxes, currency 
exchange rates, hedging, cost savings and competitiveness, as well as results of operations including targeted synergies 
and those related to market share, prices, net sales, income and margins; 
• 
expectations, plans, timelines or benefits related to changes in our organisational and operational structure; 
• 
market developments in our current and future markets and their seasonality and cyclicality, including the 
communications service provider market, as well as general economic conditions, future regulatory developments and 
the expected timing and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic on our businesses, our supply chain, our customers’ 
businesses and the general market and economic conditions; 
• 
our position in the market, including product portfolio and geographical reach, and our ability to use the same to develop 
the relevant business or market and maintain our order pipeline over time;  
• 
any future collaboration or business collaboration agreements or patent license agreements or arbitration awards, 
including income from any collaboration or partnership, agreement or award; 
• 
timing of the development and delivery of our products and services; 
• 
the outcome of pending and threatened litigation, arbitration, disputes, regulatory proceedings or investigations by 
authorities; 
• 
restructurings, investments, capital structure optimisation efforts, divestments and our ability to achieve the financial and 
operational targets set in connection with any such restructurings, investments, and capital structure optimisation efforts 
including our ongoing cost savings programme;  
• 
future capital expenditures, temporary incremental expenditures or other research and development (“R&D”) 
expenditures to develop or rollout new products; and 
• 
sustainability and corporate responsibility. 
These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, which 
could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements.  These statements are based on management’s best 
assumptions and beliefs in light of the information currently available to it and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, 
many of which are beyond our control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements.  These forward-
looking statements are only predictions based upon our current expectations and views of future events and developments and are 
subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will 
occur in the future.  Factors, including risks and uncertainties that could cause these differences include, but are not limited to the 
“Risk Factors” section of this Base Prospectus. 
Other unknown or unpredictable factors or underlying assumptions subsequently proven to be incorrect could cause actual results 
to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements.  We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise 
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent legally 
required, as well as or as described in more detail in the risk factors specified in the “Risk Factors” section of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 10 ---
viii 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Certain Definitions and Presentation of Financial and Other Information ................................................ i 
Important Notices ..................................................................................................................................... ii 
Forward-Looking Statements ................................................................................................................. vii 
Overview .................................................................................................................................................. 1 
Risk Factors .............................................................................................................................................. 6 
Final Terms, Drawdown Prospectuses and Supplements ....................................................................... 39 
Information Incorporated by Reference .................................................................................................. 40 
Forms of the Notes ................................................................................................................................. 42 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ........................................................................................................ 46 
Form of Final Terms ............................................................................................................................... 85 
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form ..................................................... 95 
Description of Nokia .............................................................................................................................. 99 
Use of Proceeds .................................................................................................................................... 141 
Taxation ................................................................................................................................................ 142 
Subscription and Sale ........................................................................................................................... 144 
General Information ............................................................................................................................. 149

--- Page 11 ---
1 
 
OVERVIEW 
This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Notes 
should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole, including any information incorporated 
by reference. 
The overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder 
of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the 
relevant Final Terms.  
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the “Delegated Regulation”). 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: .............................................  
Nokia Corporation, a limited liability company under the Finnish 
Companies Act (osakeyhtiölaki, 624/2006, as amended). 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier: .........  
549300A0JPRWG1KI7U06. 
Risk Factors: ...................................  
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  
The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil 
its obligations under the Notes are discussed under “Risk Factors” 
below. 
Arranger: ........................................  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft. 
Dealers: ..........................................  
Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, J.P. Morgan SE and any other Dealer 
appointed from time to time by the Issuer either generally in respect of 
the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes.  
Fiscal Agent: ..................................  
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
Irish Listing Agent: ........................  
IQ EQ Fund Management (Ireland) Limited. 
Final 
Terms 
or 
Drawdown 
Prospectus: .....................................  
 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either: (i) pursuant to 
this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms; or (ii) pursuant to a 
Drawdown Prospectus.  The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes will be the Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
Listing and Trading: .......................  
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme 
during the period of 12 months after the date hereof to be admitted to 
the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on its regulated 
market.  The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis 
that they will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such 
other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation 
systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
Clearing Systems: ...........................  
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount: ............  
Up to EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time.

--- Page 12 ---
2 
 
Issuance in Series: ..........................  
Notes will be issued in Series.  Each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches issued on different issue dates.  The Notes of each Series will 
all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and the 
amount of the first payment of interest may be different in respect of 
different Tranches.  The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to 
identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes 
of different denominations. 
Forms of Notes: ..............................  
Notes may be issued in bearer or in registered form.  Each Tranche of 
Notes will initially be in the form of either a Temporary Global Note or 
a Permanent Global Note, in each case as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.  Each Global Note which is not intended to be issued in new 
global note form (a “Classic Global Note” or “CGN”), as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant 
issue date with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in new 
global note form (a “New Global Note” or “NGN”), as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue 
date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.  Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
for Definitive Notes.  If the TEFRA D Rules are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as applicable, certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership will be a condition precedent to any exchange of an interest 
in a Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of interest in 
respect of a Temporary Global Note.  Each Permanent Global Note will 
be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance with its terms.  
Definitive Notes will, if interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, if 
appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons. 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either 
Individual Note Certificates or a Global Registered Note, in each case 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Each Global Registered Note, 
which is not intended to be held under the new safekeeping structure 
(the “New Safekeeping Structure” or “NSS”), as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue 
date with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and 
registered in the name of a nominee for such depositary and will be 
exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its 
terms.  Each Global Registered Note intended to be held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will, on 
or about the relevant issue date, be registered in the name of a common 
safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant Global Registered Note will be 
exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its 
terms.

--- Page 13 ---
3 
 
Step Up Notes: ...............................  
Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes may be subject to a Step Up 
Option if the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be, indicates that the Step Up Option is applicable. The Rate 
of Interest for Step Up Notes will be subject to adjustment in the event 
of a GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Event. The Initial Rate of Interest or Initial 
Margin for Step Up Notes will be as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus provided that, for any Interest Period 
commencing on or after the Interest Payment Date immediately 
following a GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Event, if any, the Initial Rate of Interest 
or Initial Margin shall be increased by the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Step Up 
Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus. The increase in the Initial Rate of Interest or Initial Margin 
will be triggered by the occurrence of a GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Event, 
linked to the failure of the Issuer to achieve certain sustainability 
performance targets in relation to its greenhouse gas emissions or the 
failure of the Issuer to report on such key performance indicator in the 
required time periods, as further detailed in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes and the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest may occur 
no more than once in respect of the relevant Step Up Note. 
Sustainability-Linked Redemption 
Notes: .............................................  
If the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be, indicates that the Sustainability-Linked Redemption Option is 
applicable to any Series of Notes, the Issuer may be required, in respect 
of each such Sustainability-Linked Redemption Note, to pay a GHGe 
Scope 1+2+3 Redemption Premium on the date that such Notes are 
redeemed, each as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus. The requirement to make payment of the relevant GHGe 
Scope 1+2+3 Redemption Premium on the date that such Notes are 
redeemed will be triggered by the occurrence of a GHGe Scope 1+2+3 
Event, linked to the failure of the Issuer to achieve certain sustainability 
performance targets in relation to its greenhouse gas emissions or the 
failure of the Issuer to report on such key performance indicator in the 
required time periods, as further detailed in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes and the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
Currencies: .....................................  
Notes may be denominated in Euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, Japanese 
Yen, Swiss Francs or in any other currency or currencies, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/ or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements. 
Status of the Notes: ........................  
Notes will be issued on an unsubordinated basis. 
Issue Price: .....................................  
Notes may be issued fully paid at any price.  The price and amount of 
Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 14 ---
4 
 
Maturities: ......................................  
Any maturity specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject, in relation 
to specific currencies, to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the 
issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) 
the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment 
maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) 
have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies) and be issued only to persons whose ordinary activities 
involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not 
constitute a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) by the Issuer. 
Redemption: ...................................  
Notes may be redeemable at the Redemption Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Optional Redemption: ....................  
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer as described in Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase — 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call Option)), Condition 9(d) 
(Redemption and Purchase — Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Make-Whole)) and/or the Noteholders as described in Condition 9(g) 
(Redemption and Purchase — Redemption at the option of Noteholders) 
to the extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Tax Redemption: ............................  
Except as described in “Optional Redemption” above, early redemption 
will only be permitted for tax reasons as described in Condition 9(b) 
(Redemption and Purchase — Redemption for tax reasons). 
Interest: ...........................................  
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing.  Interest (if any) 
may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the method of calculating 
interest may vary between the issue date and the maturity date of the 
relevant Series. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: ..........  
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Notes, then 
in the event that a Benchmark Event or Benchmark Transition Event (as 
applicable) occurs, such that any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the original benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) specified in the applicable Final Terms, then 
the Issuer may (subject to certain conditions) be permitted to substitute 
such benchmark and/or screen rate (as applicable) with a successor, 
replacement or alternative benchmark and/or screen rate (with 
consequent amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes and the 
application of an adjustment spread (which could be positive, negative 
or zero)). See Conditions 7(n) and 7(o) for further information. 
Denominations: ..............................  
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that (i) the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency, and (ii) the minimum denomination of each Note will be EUR 
100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the equivalent amount in such currency).  See also “Maturities” above, 
in relation to Sterling Notes having a maturity of less than one year.

--- Page 15 ---
5 
 
Negative Pledge: ............................  
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described in 
Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Acceleration: ........................  
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross acceleration provision as 
described in Condition 13 (Events of Default). 
Taxation: ........................................  
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of 
withholding taxes of the Republic of Finland, as the case may be, unless 
the withholding is required by law.  In that event, the Issuer will (subject 
as provided in Condition 12 (Taxation)) pay such additional amounts as 
will result in the Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would 
have received in respect of such Notes had no such withholding been 
required. 
Governing Law:..............................  
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, English law. 
Enforcement of Notes in Global 
Form: ..............................................  
 
In the case of Global Notes, individual investors’ rights against the 
Issuer will be governed by a Deed of Covenant dated 27 March 2020, a 
copy of which will be available for inspection at the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent. 
Ratings: ..........................................  
The Issuer has been rated “BBB-” by Fitch, “BBB-” by S&P and “Ba1” 
by Moody’s. The Programme has been rated “BBB-” by Fitch, “BBB-” 
by S&P and “Ba1” by Moody’s. 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the 
ratings assigned to the Programme. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
Selling Restrictions: .......................  
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United States of 
America, the United Kingdom, the European Economic Area, Japan and 
Singapore, see “Subscription and Sale” below.

--- Page 16 ---
6 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Set forth below is a description of risk factors that could affect Nokia.  The risk factors described below should 
not be construed as exhaustive.  There may be additional risks that are unknown to us and other risks currently 
believed to be immaterial that could turn out to be material.  Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise 
provides, references in these risk factors to “Nokia”, “we”, “us” and “our” mean Nokia’s consolidated operating 
segments, including Alcatel-Lucent.  Certain risks or events as indicated may be more prevalent with respect to 
Nokia or a certain business group, business or part of the Group. 
Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any 
investment in the Notes, the business of the Issuer and the industry in which it operates together with all other 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below.  We 
believe the risks presented below, either individually or together, could adversely affect our business, sales, 
profitability, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, market share, brand and reputation from time to 
time, which may affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under any Notes issued under the Programme.  
Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision.  Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the risks related to our business  
Risks related to our strategy and its execution 
We may be unable to successfully implement our strategic plans, sustain or improve the operational and financial 
performance of our business groups, correctly identify or successfully pursue business opportunities, correctly 
anticipate or successfully mitigate technological disruptions that have adverse effects on our business, or 
otherwise grow our business.  
Our success is dependent on our ability to become and remain a leading provider of technology, software and 
services in the industries and markets in which we operate.  However, there can be no assurance that we will 
correctly identify trends, opportunities or threats to pursue or mitigate to be able to achieve the goals or targets 
we have set.  For example, our strategic plans assume sustained growth in traffic over our customers’ networks.  
For this to materalise, video streaming needs to continue to grow significantly or new high-data use cases (for 
example, Virtual Reality/Augmented Reality) need to be developed and drive high concurrency traffic.  We also 
assume a growing number of use cases and demand for low latency services.  Should these not materialise, demand 
for our products and services may be negatively affected.  
Our path to continued technology leadership lies in long term research and development to drive innovation across 
a comprehensive portfolio of network equipment, software, services and licensing.  We are investing, for instance, 
in 5G-Advanced and 6G research, security and development of new standard-essential patents.  The R&D of 
innovative products, services and technologies is a complex and uncertain process and there can be no assurance 
that our investments will result in technologies, products or services that achieve or retain broad or timely market 
acceptance, answer to the expanding needs or preferences of our customers or consumers, or break-through 
innovations that we could otherwise utilise for value creation.  As an example, while we believe that the progress 
of cloudification and open RAN/openness creates an opportunity for us to differentiate with our products and to 
serve our customers better, it may lead to entry of new competitors with different business models to build multi-
vendor radio access networks (“RAN”).  The virtualisation and cloudification of core and radio networks and the 
convergence of IT and telecommunications may lower barriers of entry for IT and webscale companies in the 
traditional telecommunications industry or they may build up tight strategic partnerships with our traditional 
competitors or our communication service provider customers.  The enhanced competition might result in 
increased price competition and negatively affect our margins.  Virtualisation and disaggregation might also affect 
other parts of our portfolio and lead to changes in competitive landscape, business models and margin profile.  
Also, reaching certain technology limits, for example in Optical or in spectral efficiency gains in 6G, might 
adversely change the demand pattern and competitive dynamics for our products and services.  We see the network 
as the key enabler of metaverse opportunities, but the network capabilities will need to evolve to fulfil the 
anticipated needs. The materialisation of these risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects which, in turn, can affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under 
the Notes, including payment of interest or principal.

--- Page 17 ---
7 
 
We implement our strategic plans, for instance, by entering into licensing arrangements and partnering with third 
parties, and may engage in possible transactions, such as acquisitions, mergers, joint ventures or minority 
investments that could complement or improve our existing operations or technologies and enable us to grow our 
business. We also engage in divestitures of our existing businesses or operations in order to sharpen our business 
focus. Additionally, we may make investments in certain investment funds, including NGP Capital, that invest in 
other companies. There can be no assurance that our efforts to continuously improve our operations and 
efficiencies will continue to generate the expected results or improvements or that we will achieve intended targets 
or financial objectives related to such efforts. For instance, the underlying rationale or the business case in terms 
of profits, revenue, strategic impact or otherwise justifying the creation or continuation of the arrangement may 
not be realised. We may also encounter issues or inefficiencies related to our organisational and operational 
structure, including being unable to successfully implement our business plans. Also, the planned transactions 
may not ultimately be completed on favourable terms or at all, or transactions may result in liabilities.  
Transactions may result in claims between the parties such as indemnification or breach of contract claims, which 
can consume time and management attention, and the outcome of any claims related to transactions may be 
difficult to predict. Furthermore, our initial assumptions may be incorrect in evaluating a transaction. Therefore, 
we may be exposed to unknown, larger or contingent liabilities of acquired businesses, such as those related to 
contractual obligations, taxes, pensions, environmental liabilities, disputes and compliance matters. As previously 
disclosed, we were made aware of certain practices relating to compliance practices at the former Alcatel-Lucent 
business that have raised concerns. We voluntarily reported the matter to the relevant regulatory authorities and 
we continue to cooperate with them. We have seen no evidence that would suggest that criminal penalties would 
apply in this case, and we believe it is highly likely that any penalties that might apply would be limited and 
immaterial. 
If these risks materialise (i.e. if our efforts to implement our strategic plans do not generate the expected results 
or improvements in our operations, if we do not achieve our intended targets or financial objectives, if business 
cases are not realised, if we are unable to successfully implement or extract value from planned transactions or if 
claims are brought against us in relation to such transactions), our business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects may be adversely affected, which may, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our obligations 
under the Notes.   
Performance failures of our partners, as well as failures to agree to partnering arrangements with third parties 
could adversely affect us.  
We are increasingly collaborating and partnering with third parties to develop technologies, products and services, 
as well as seeking new revenue streams through partnering arrangements.  We also depend on partners in our 
efforts to monetise our brands and technologies, including those of Nokia and Nokia Bell Labs, and we have 
outsourced various functions to third parties and are relying on them to provide certain services to us.  
Furthermore, according to our technology vision for 2030, the opportunities of the metaverse will be realised by 
a multi-party value ecosystem developed around collaboration, co-innovation and partnering. Although the 
objective of the collaborative and partnering arrangements is a mutually beneficial outcome for each party, our 
ability to introduce and provide technologies, products and services in a timely manner and so that those are 
commercially viable and meet our, our customers’ and consumers’ quality, safety, security and other standards 
could be hampered by performance or other failures of our partners or the companies we collaborate with.  For 
instance, if a partner acts inconsistently with our ethical, sustainability, compliance, brand, or quality standards, 
this can negatively affect our reputation, the value of our brand, and the business outcome of our partnerships.  
Furthermore, if we fail altogether to achieve the collaboration or partnering arrangements needed to succeed, we 
may be unable to bring our products, services or technologies to market successfully or in a timely manner.  It is 
also possible that the parties we currently collaborate with, turn into our competitors. 
In many areas, including IT, finance and human resources-related arrangements, a failure to maintain an efficient 
relationship with the selected partner may lead to ongoing operational problems or even to severe business 
disruptions, and the availability of the processes and services upon which we rely may be interrupted.  
Performance problems may result in missed reporting deadlines, internal controls challenges, financial losses, 
missed business opportunities and reputational harm.  In addition, as management’s focus shifts from a direct to 
an indirect operational control in these areas, there is a risk that without active management and monitoring of the 
relationship, the services provided may be below appropriate quality standards.  Partners may not meet agreed 
service levels, in which case, depending on the impacted service, our contractual remedies may not fully cure all 
of the damages we may suffer.  This is particularly true for any deficiencies that would impact the reporting 
requirements applicable to us as a company listed on multiple stock exchanges.

--- Page 18 ---
8 
 
In outsourcing projects, we may encounter disruption to business resulting from broken processes and distraction 
of our employees that may need to train the partner’s staff or be trained in the partner’s systems.  Adjustments to 
staff size and transfer of employees to the partner’s companies could have an adverse effect on us, for instance 
through impacting the morale of our employees and raising complex labour law issues and resulting in the loss of 
key personnel.  Additionally, partnering and outsourcing arrangements can create a dependency on the outsourcing 
company, causing issues in our ability to learn from day-to-day responsibilities, gain hands-on experience, adapt 
to changing business needs and properly transfer the specific know-how to the new outsourcing partners.  
Concerns could equally arise from giving third parties access to confidential data, strategic technology 
applications and books and records.  There is also a risk that we may not be able to determine whether controls 
have been effectively implemented, and whether the partner company’s performance-monitoring reports are 
accurate. 
If the risks described above relating to performance failures of our partners, failures to agree to partnering 
arrangements with third parties or failures to achieve the collaboration or partnering arrangements needed to 
succeed materialise, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely 
affected, which may, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes. 
We may be subject to increased scrutiny related to our sustainability activities and disclosures, and our reputation 
and brand as well as the willingness of customers and suppliers to do business with us could be harmed if we fail 
to meet our sustainability goals. 
Our business could be negatively impacted by a failure to appropriately address existing and emerging matters 
relating to sustainability and good corporate citizenship and diversity.  We may fail or be unable to fully achieve 
one or more of our sustainability targets such as our greenhouse gas emission commitments, due to a range of 
factors within or beyond our control, and we may adjust or modify our targets in light of new information, adjusted 
projections, or a change in business strategy, any of which could negatively impact our brand, reputation, and 
business.  It is also possible that stakeholders may not be satisfied with our sustainability disclosures, targets and 
practices or the speed of their adoption which could result in action against Nokia by regulators or other third 
parties or negative pressure on us or our market value.  
The ESG regulatory environment is volatile and fast-moving with new standards proposed or adopted by various 
regulators.  A failure to, or perception of a failure to, adapt, disclose metrics and set targets that are rigorous 
enough or in an acceptable format, or otherwise in compliance with applicable regulations, or to prioritise the 
most relevant sustainability actions and targets, could negatively impact our environmental, social and governance 
(“ESG”) related third party ratings, brand, reputation, and business.  It is also possible that third parties rating our 
ESG practices and performance will make unfavourable, inaccurate or unsubstantiated interpretations of our ESG 
practices and performance based on their own assessments and publish such interpretations with or without 
offering a possibility for us to comment.  We could also incur additional costs and require additional resources to 
address evolving regulatory requirements and to monitor and report on our sustainability performance 
programmes, and those of our value chain partners, as required, and to comply with various sustainability practices 
and disclosure requirements.  The lack of standardisation in the way data disclosures should be made is making 
climate-related reporting difficult, which may contribute to challenges for investors to correctly assess disclosures 
or our ability to comply with each disclosure requirement.  In addition to this, the challenge of data collection may 
affect our ability to accurately evaluate climate-related risk and identify and implement strategies for long term 
resilience.  Furthermore, we foresee that the global rate of technology adoption will be partially driven by 
sustainability matters such as security and energy efficiency in the longer term. Our failure, or perceived failure, 
to meet sustainability disclosure standards, practices or targets could negatively impact our reputation, employee 
retention, and the willingness of our customers and suppliers to do business with us. 
If the risks described above relating to our sustainability practices, disclosures and targets materialise, our 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected, which may, in turn, 
affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 19 ---
9 
 
Risks related to the general economic and financial market conditions and to the industries and markets in 
which we operate 
Our sales and profitability may be materially and adversely affected by general economic and financial market 
conditions, such as accelerating inflation, increased global macroeconomic uncertainty, major currency 
fluctuations, higher interest rates and financing costs, and other developments in the economies where we operate.  
We are a company with global operations with sales, R&D manufacturing facilities, partners and suppliers located 
in various countries around the world and our sales and profitability are dependent on general economic and 
financial market conditions both globally and locally.  Adverse developments in, or the general weakness of, 
global or local economic conditions may have an adverse effect on spending of our customers.  For instance, the 
current situation involving Russia and Ukraine, among other factors, has led to higher rates of inflation and led 
Europe towards an energy crisis, and it is difficult to estimate how resilient our industry is against a potential 
recession fueled by these and other headwinds. The uncertain nature, magnitude and duration of hostilities 
stemming from Russia’s military invasion of Ukraine, including the potential effects of sanctions limitations, 
retaliatory cyber-attacks on the world economy and markets, and potential shipping delays, have contributed to 
increased market volatility and uncertainty, which could have an adverse impact on macroeconomic factors that 
affect our business and could amplify the existing supply chain challenges faced by us. See the risk factor below 
entitled “Our operations may be adversely affected by ongoing developments relating to the Russian invasion of 
Ukraine, including due to the impact of our decision to discontinue our operations in Russia” for further details.  
Any adverse developments, such as an increase in inflation or unemployment, may affect demand for 
consumables, such as mobile devices, mobile subscriptions and both the services that end-users subscribe to and 
the usage levels of such services, which may lead the communication service providers to invest less in related 
infrastructure and services or to invest in low-margin products and services, and may also have an adverse effect 
on the business of our patent, technology or brand licensees and our patent licensing income.  Likewise, adverse 
developments in economic conditions may lead certain customer segments, such as webscale companies, 
Technological Extra-Large Enterprises (“TXLE”), transportation and logistics, energy, manufacturing and public 
sector verticals, to invest less or delay spend in infrastructure and services to digitise their operations or to invest 
in low-margin products and services.  Further, the purchasing power of our customers, particularly in developing 
markets, depends to a greater extent on the price development of basic commodities and currency fluctuations, 
which may render our products or services unaffordable.  Economic slowdown may lead to overcapacity in supply 
and inflated inventories, and to delays and shortages in case of sharp recovery and ramp-up of demand with a 
potentially adverse effect on our and suppliers’ ability to deliver products and services in time.  Increasing inflation 
and other current market conditions are driving cost increases in operations, materials and labour and may also 
result in strikes and other industrial actions.  
Our industry has been relatively resilient to the effects of COVID-19. Its impact on our operations has been 
primarily related to temporary factory closures at the beginning of the outbreak and increased remote working and 
travel restrictions affecting our employees. However, COVID-19 or the appearance of another viral pandemic 
may further affect our employees, supply chain, product development, service delivery, other operations and our 
results, value of our financial, tax, pension and other assets or financial condition will depend on developments, 
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. Those include, but are not limited to, the duration and spread 
of pandemic outbreaks, their severity, locations impacted, government’s or our actions to contain the viruses or 
treat their impacts, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume.   
General uncertainty and adverse developments in the financial markets could have a material adverse effect on 
our, our customers’, suppliers’ and other partners’ ability to obtain sufficient or affordable financing on 
satisfactory terms. Uncertain market conditions may increase the price of financing or decrease its availability if 
banks and investors were to tighten lending standards or increase interest rates, or if certain assets would decline 
in value, which could lead to difficulties in raising funds or accessing liquidity necessary to maintain our financial 
condition and ongoing operations. 
If the risks described above related to general economic and financial market conditions materialise, our business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected, which may, in turn, affect our 
ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 20 ---
10 
 
We face intense competition and are dependent on development of the industries and markets in which we operate.  
The markets are cyclical and are affected by many factors, including the general economic environment, 
technological changes, competitor behaviour, customer consolidation and customers’ purchase and spending 
behaviour, deployments and roll-out timing.  Our competition and new competition challenging the connectivity 
business models of our customers are driving price erosion. 
The competitive environment in the markets where we operate, including the related services markets, is 
characterised by maturing industry technologies, 5G and related new technologies, diversification of supplier 
ecosystems, equipment price erosion and aggressive price competition.  
Our competition endeavours to gain market share in selected regions where Nokia has a large footprint.  Despite 
strong growth in mobile data traffic, most of our customer base has been facing persistent revenue erosion and is 
reverting to vendors to compensate for it.  Competition for new customers, as well as for new infrastructure 
deployment, is particularly intense and focused on the favourability of price and agreement terms.  We compete 
with companies that have large overall scale, which affords such companies more flexibility compared to us.  In 
addition, new competition may be entering the network infrastructure and related services business through 
adoption of new technologies or business models, such as virtualised RAN and O-RAN or as-a-service models.  
If the risks set out in this paragraph materialise (i.e. risks in connection with the competitive environment, the 
network infrastructure-related investments made by the service providers, the ability of such service providers to 
increase their users or our customers’ purchasing power), our business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects may be adversely affected, which may, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations 
under the Notes. 
We are particularly dependent on the investments made by communication service providers in mobile 
connectivity, network infrastructure and related services.  The pace and size of such investments are, in turn, 
dependent on the ability of communication service providers to increase their subscriber numbers, reduce churn, 
maintain or increase their average revenue per user, and compete with business models eroding revenue from 
traditional voice, messaging and data transport services, as well as the financial condition of such service 
providers.  Their cost containment actions and merger activity have in the past constricted, and may continue to 
do so in the future, capital expenditure, resulting in further competition and pressure on pricing and profitability.  
Factors such as increased competition and market pressure could adversely affect our business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects, which may, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment 
obligations under the Notes.  In addition, the investments of the communication service providers in the new 
spectrum assets may reduce their funds available for investing in the new network infrastructure and related 
services.  Furthermore, the level of demand by communication service providers and other customers that purchase 
our products and services can change quickly and can vary over short periods of time.  Finally, a portion of our 
revenues is driven by the timing of completion and customer acceptances.  As a result of the uncertainty and 
variations in the telecommunications and vertical industries, accurately forecasting revenues, results and cash flow 
remains difficult.  Furthermore, significant reduction of business with us could result in the loss of benefits related 
to economies of scale.  These uncertainties and variations in the telecommunications and vertical industries can 
make it difficult to accurately forecast revenues, results and cash flow and could adversely affect our business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects, which may, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment 
obligations under the Notes.  
We may be unable to respond successfully to technological changes in the markets in which we operate. 
Market developments favouring new technological solutions, such as Software Defined Networks (“SDNs”), Edge 
computing, cloud and virtualisation may result in reduced spending to the benefit of our competitors who have, 
or may have, a stronger position in such technologies.  The technological viability of standardised, low-margin 
hardware products in combination with the virtualisation of functions can induce a change in purchase behaviour, 
resulting in favouring other vendors or in higher bargaining power versus Nokia due to more alternative vendors.  
Our customers may prefer best-of-breed from multiple vendors or turn to alternative vendors to maintain end-to-
end services.  Additionally, new competitors may enter the industry as a result of acquisitions or shifts in 
technology.  Furthermore, some companies, including webscale companies, may drive a faster pace of innovation 
in telecommunication infrastructure through more collaborative approaches and open technologies across access, 
backhaul, core and management.  
We expect to generate a significant share of our growth from new customers, including webscale companies and 
customers in transportation and logistics, energy, manufacturing, and public sector verticals.  Each of these sectors 
may face adverse industry developments which may significantly impact the size of investments addressable by 
us and our ability to address these investments, in terms of both having the right products available and being able

--- Page 21 ---
11 
 
to obtain new customers and having the right go-to-market capabilities and expertise to address the specific needs 
of these sectors.  Furthermore, there are various incumbent and new players competing with Nokia in these 
customer groups we strategically target.  With these types of customers, the nature of competition and the required 
capabilities can be significantly different from the communication service provider market, including competition 
based on access network, core network, cloud infrastructure, platforms, applications and devices, and related 
services.  
If the risks described above materialise and we are unable to respond successfully to technological and competitive 
challenges in the markets in which we operate, our business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects may be adversely affected which, in turn, may affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under 
the Notes. 
Competitive intensity remains high in the market as competitors seek to take a share of the 5G rollouts, which is 
creating a risk of persistent high price erosion in the industry.  If domestic and global economic conditions worsen, 
overall spending on 5G infrastructure may be reduced or delayed, and spending in our other networks products 
and services might be even more rapidly reduced to preserve the customer investment in 5G, which would 
adversely impact demand for our products and services in these markets.  Further, any reduction in our market 
share in 5G compared with our installed base in 4G due to decisions to protect our profitability, inability to meet 
the customers’ requirements or other reasons, may have a material negative effect on our scale and profitability, 
which may, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes.  
We are dependent on a limited number of customers and large multi-year agreements.  The loss of a single 
customer or contract, operator consolidation, unfavourable contract terms or other issues related to a single 
agreement may have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
A significant proportion of the net sales and profits that we generate have historically been derived from a limited 
number of customers.  As consolidation among existing customers continues, it is possible that an even greater 
portion of our net sales will be attributable to a smaller number of large communication service providers.  These 
developments are also likely to increase the impact on our net sales based on the outcome of certain individual 
agreement tenders.  This may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects 
and, in turn, our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, including our obligation to pay interest 
and principal on the Notes. 
Communication service providers are also increasingly entering into asset sharing arrangements, as well as joint 
procurement agreements, which may reduce their investments and the number of networks available for us to 
service.  Furthermore, procurement organisations of certain large communication service providers sell consulting 
services to enhance the negotiating position of small operators with their vendors.  As a result of the intense 
competition in the industry, we may be required to agree to increasingly less favourable terms in order to remain 
competitive.  Any unfavourable developments in relation to, or any change in the agreement terms applicable to, 
a major customer may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition 
which, in turn, may affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes (including payment obligations).  
Also, agreements in the networks business are typically complex and long-term in nature and it is possible that 
over time the contract terms of the agreement may prove less favourable to us than originally expected, for instance 
due to changes in costs and product portfolio decisions, and those may be difficult to amend promptly to address 
new developments such as the accelerating inflation that we are currently facing.  Furthermore, in particular given 
the bargaining power of our customers or limited legal ability to deviate from the standard governmental contract 
terms, we may be exposed to onerous terms and liabilities in our customer contracts. 
Loss of a single customer, its significant business or contract, or other issues related to a single agreement may 
have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.  We have lost customers and contracts in 
the past and the same may happen in the future.  Any suspension, termination or non-performance by us under an 
agreement’s terms may have a material adverse effect on us, for example due to penalties for breaches, early 
termination or, reduced orders or customer footprint.  In addition, we may lose existing agreements, or we may 
be unable to renew or gain new agreements, for instance due to customer diversity policies that limit the ability 
of customers to have one network provider exceeding a certain threshold of business in a given market or as a 
result of merger activity where the customer may decide to concentrate their spending elsewhere.  If further loss 
of customer contracts or contractual issues were to materialise, this may, in turn, have an adverse effect on our 
ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes. 
The timing of sales and results of operations associated with large multi-year agreements or turnkey projects may 
differ significantly from expectations.  For instance, recognition of sales and related costs in network

--- Page 22 ---
12 
 
implementation projects are often linked with achievement of customer acceptances, which may delay for reasons 
attributable or not contributable to us.  Moreover, such agreements often require dedication of substantial amounts 
of working capital and other resources, which may adversely affect our cash flow, particularly in the early stages 
of an agreement’s term, or may require us to continue to sell certain products and services, or to sell in certain 
markets, that would otherwise be discontinued or exited, thereby diverting resources from developing more 
profitable or strategically important products and services, or focusing on more profitable or strategically 
important markets.  Furthermore, our customer agreements may involve complex transformation of the networks 
as the customers deploy new technologies and the related costs and scope of required deliverables may differ from 
our expectations at the time we enter into such agreements.  If the risks set out in this paragraph materialise, our 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected which may, in turn, 
affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, including our obligation to pay interest and 
principal on the Notes. 
We may be adversely affected by developments with respect to customer financing or extended payment terms that 
we provide to our customers.  Unwillingness of banks or other institutions to provide guarantees or financing to 
our customers or purchase our receivables could impair our capability to enter new customers or markets, to 
mitigate payment risk and to manage our liquidity. 
Requests for customer financing and extended payment terms are typical for our industry and uncertainty in the 
financial markets and the current lack of liquidity in the financing markets, among other things, may result in 
increased customer financing requests.  In the event that export credit agencies face constraints on their ability or 
willingness to provide guarantees or financing to our customers, or there is insufficient demand from banks or 
other financial institutions to purchase receivables, such events could have a material adverse effect on our 
business and financial condition, which, in turn, may affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes 
(including payment obligations).  Furthermore, reduced availability of credits by export credit agencies supporting 
our sales could affect our ability to attract customers and enter new markets thus facing the possibility of reduced 
sales. 
In certain cases, the amounts and duration of these financings and trade credits, and the associated impact on our 
working capital, may be significant.  We have agreed to extended payment terms for a number of our customers 
and may continue to do so in the future.  Extended payment terms may result in a material aggregate amount of 
trade credits and even when the associated risk is mitigated by a diversified customer portfolio, defaults in the 
aggregate could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition, which, in turn, may affect 
our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes.  
Overall, our ability to manage our total customer financing and trade credit exposure depends on a number of 
factors, including capital structure, market conditions affecting our customers, the levels and terms of credit 
available to us and our customers, the cooperation of export credit agencies and our ability to mitigate exposure 
on acceptable terms.  We may be unsuccessful in managing the challenges associated with the customer financing 
and trade credit exposure that we may face from time to time, particularly in difficult financial conditions on the 
market.  While defaults under financings, guarantees and trade credits to our customers resulting in impairment 
charges and credit losses have not been significant for us in the past, these may increase in the future, in particular 
in markets such as India with increased risks potentially affecting our customers.  Further, commercial banks may 
not continue to be able or willing to provide sufficient long-term financing, even if backed by export credit agency 
guarantees, due to their own constraints, and certain of our competitors may also have greater access to such 
financing, which could adversely affect our competitiveness.  Additionally, we have sold certain receivables to 
banks or other financial institutions, and any significant change in our ability to continue this practice could impair 
our capability to mitigate such payment risk and to manage our liquidity.  
Nokia also arranges bank guarantees and bonds and issues commercial guarantees in customers’ favour in relation 
to our business.  In the event we are unable to collect outstanding guarantees and bonds, it could limit our 
possibilities to issue new guarantees and/or bonds, which are required in customer agreements or practices.  We 
also face a risk that such commercial guarantees and bonds may be unfairly called. 
If any of these customer-financing or payment related risks materialise, our business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects could be adversely affected which could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our 
obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 23 ---
13 
 
Risks impacting our competitiveness 
We may fail to invest effectively and profitably in new competitive high-quality products, services, upgrades and 
technologies or bring them to market in a timely manner.  We also may fail to adapt to changing business models. 
The industries in which we operate are characterised by rapidly evolving technologies, frequent new technological 
requirements, product feature introductions and evolving industry standards.  The participants in the markets 
where we operate compete on the basis of product and service offerings, technical capabilities and quality in 
addition to price and affordability.  
The R&D of new and innovative, technologically advanced products, as well as upgrades to current products and 
new generations of technologies, is a complex and uncertain process requiring high levels of innovation and 
investment, including trying to accurately anticipate the technological, regulatory and market trends.  We may 
focus our resources on products and technologies that do not become widely accepted or ultimately prove 
unviable.  Additionally, many of our current and planned products are highly complex and may contain defects 
or errors that are, for instance, detected only after deployment in telecommunications networks.  Even if we invest 
in new competitive products, services, upgrades or technologies such as 5G-Advanced, internet of things (“IoT”), 
the cloud or software and manage proactively the costs related to our portfolio of products and services, including 
component sourcing, manufacturing, logistics and other operations, we may still fail to maintain or improve our 
market position, competitiveness or scale and keep prices and costs at competitive levels or provide high-quality 
products and services.  Any materially adverse effect on our ability to innovate could affect our business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects and, in turn, our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the 
Notes, including our obligation to pay interest and principal on the Notes.  Our business performance and results 
of operations will depend to a significant extent on our ability to succeed in the following areas: 
• 
maintaining and developing a competitive product portfolio and service capability that are attractive to 
our customers, for instance by keeping pace with technological advances in our industry and pursuing 
technologies that become commercially accepted and price competitive;  
• 
maintaining compliance with regulatory requirements and standards; 
• 
to introduce new products, services and upgrades of current products and to do so on a cost-efficient and 
timely basis;  
• 
developing new or enhancing existing processes and tools for our services offerings;  
• 
optimising the amount of customer or market specific technology, product and feature variants in our 
product portfolio;  
• 
continuing to meet evolving expectations and enhance the quality of our products and services, comply 
with emerging industry standards as well as introducing products and services that have desired features 
and attributes, such as energy efficiency;  
• 
maintaining and building up strategic partnerships in our value creation chain (for example, in product 
creation and in project delivery); and 
• 
leveraging our technological strengths and addressing competing technological and product 
developments carried out by competitors while keeping prices and costs at competitive levels.  
Certain of our competitors have significant resources to invest in market exploration and may seek new 
monetisation models or drive industry development and capture value in areas where we may not currently be 
competitive or do not have similar resources available to us.  These areas may include monetisation models linked 
to large amounts of consumer data, large connected communities, home or other entertainment services, 
alternative payment mechanisms or marketing products.  We also face competition from various companies that 
may be able to develop technologies or products that become preferred over those developed by us or result in 
adverse effects on us through, for instance, developing technological innovations that make our innovations less 
relevant.  In addition, reduced government funding and support for our R&D activities could affect our ability to 
develop new technology or products and, in turn, our business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects and our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 24 ---
14 
 
Inefficiencies, incidents, malfunctions or disruptions of information technology systems and processes could have 
a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.  As our business operations, including those 
we have outsourced, rely on complex IT systems, networks and related services, our reliance on the precautions 
taken by us and external companies to ensure the reliability of our and their IT systems, networks and related 
services is increasing. Consequently, certain disruptions in IT systems and networks affecting us and our external 
providers could also have a material adverse effect on our business. 
All IT systems, networks and processes are potentially vulnerable to damage, incidents, malfunction or 
interruption from a variety of sources.  Our operations rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex 
and centralised IT systems, networks and processes, which are integrated with those of third parties.  The ongoing 
migration to cloud-based architectures and network function virtualisation has introduced further complexity and 
associated risk.  
We are, to a significant extent, relying on third parties for the provision of IT services.  While we have outsourced 
certain functions, we have also increased our dependence on the reliability of external providers as well as on the 
security of communication with them.  We may experience disruptions if our partners do not deliver as expected 
or if we are unable to successfully manage systems and processes together with our business partners.  We will 
often need to use new service providers and may, due to technical developments or choices regarding technology, 
increase our reliance on certain new technologies, such as cloud and certain other services that are used over the 
internet rather than using a traditional licensing model.  Switching to new service providers and introducing new 
technologies is inherently risky and may expose us to an increased risk of disruptions in our operations, for 
instance due to network inefficiency or outage, a cybersecurity or a compliance incident, malfunctions, failure in 
disaster recovery/IT service continuity or other disruptions resulting from IT systems and processes.  
If the abovementioned risks related to our reliance on IT systems, networks and processes and the potential 
disruptions in IT systems and networks affecting our external providers materialise, our business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected which could, in turn, affect our ability 
to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes. 
We are constantly seeking to improve the quality and security of our IT systems.  However, despite precautions 
taken by us, we may fail to successfully secure our IT and any malfunction or disruption of our current or future 
systems or networks, such as an outage in a telecommunications network used by any of our IT systems, or a 
cybersecurity incident, such as an attack, malware, ransomware or other event that leads to an unanticipated 
interruption or malfunction of our IT systems, processes, networks or data leakages, could have a material adverse 
effect on our business, results of operations and brand value which could, in turn, adversely affect our ability to 
fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes.  A disruption of services relying on our IT, for instance, could 
cause significant discontent among customers and their end-users resulting in claims, contractual penalties or 
deterioration of our brand value.  Further, while we are increasing our investments in digitalising our operations 
and transforming our IT, the legacy IT systems may be gradually more vulnerable to malfunction, disruptions or 
security incidents than the new IT systems replacing them. If the risks described above materialise, our business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected which could, in turn, affect 
our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, including our obligation to pay interest and principal 
on the Notes. 
We are exposed to risks related to information security.  Our business model relies on solutions for distribution 
of services and software or data storage, which entail inherent risks relating not only to applicable regulatory 
regimes, but also to cybersecurity incidents and other unauthorised access to network data or other potential 
security risks that may adversely affect our business and/or compromise personal data.  
Our business and operations rely on confidentiality of proprietary and other sensitive information, for instance 
related to our employees and our customers, including our government customers.  Our business models rely on 
certain centralised data processing solutions and cloud or remote delivery-based services for distribution of 
services and software or data storage, accessible by our partners or subcontractors according to the roles and 
responsibilities defined.  
We, our subsidiaries and joint ventures, products and online services, marketing and developer sites and third 
parties that we contract have been and may in the future be subject to cybersecurity incidents, including hacking, 
ransomware, viruses, worms and other malicious software, unauthorised modifications, or illegal activities that 
may cause potential security risks and other harm to us, our customers or consumers and other end-users of our 
products and services.  IT is rapidly evolving, the techniques used to obtain unauthorised access or sabotage 
systems change frequently and the parties behind cyber-attacks and other industrial espionage are believed to be

--- Page 25 ---
15 
 
sophisticated and have extensive resources, and it is not commercially or technically feasible to mitigate all known 
vulnerabilities in a timely manner or to eliminate all risk of cyber-attacks and data breaches.  Additionally, we 
contract with multiple third parties in various jurisdictions who collect and use certain data on our behalf.  
Although we have processes in place designed to ensure appropriate collection, handling and use of such data, 
third parties may use the data inappropriately or breach laws and agreements in collecting, handling or using or 
leaking such data. Our business is also vulnerable to theft, fraud or other forms of deception, sabotage and 
intentional acts of vandalism by third parties and employees.  Further, compared to our fully integrated group 
companies, our ability to mitigate and oversee risk of cyber-attacks and data breaches may be more limited in our 
joint venture companies and other group companies having their own governance and system infrastructure, such 
as our local service companies focusing on networks field services.  
The cybersecurity incidents may lead to lengthy and costly incident response, remediation of the attack or breach, 
legal proceedings and fines imposed on us, as well as adverse effects to our reputation, brand value and financial 
condition which could, in turn, adversely affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes.  
Additionally, cyber-attacks can be difficult to prevent, detect or contain.  We cannot rule out the possibility that 
there may have been cyber-attacks that have been successful and/or evaded our detection.  We continue to invest 
in risk mitigating actions however, there can be no assurance that such investments and actions will prevent or 
detect future cyber-attacks. Additionally, the cost and operational consequences of implementing further 
information system protection measures, especially if prescribed by national authorities, could be significant.  We 
may not be successful in implementing such measures in due time, which could lead to business disruptions and 
to the implementation being more expensive, time-consuming and resource intensive.  Regulatory frameworks 
addressing how to respond to and disclose such events are in flux.  We may not be able to comply with the 
regulations that may be implemented or such compliance may negatively impact our ability to deal with the 
underlying event. If the risks described in this paragraph related to IT security and cyberattacks materialise, our 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected which could, in turn, 
affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes. 
In connection with providing products and services to our customers, certain personal and consumer data are 
collected, stored and processed through us, either by us or by our business partners or subcontractors in various 
jurisdictions.  Loss, improper disclosure or processing or leakage of any personal or consumer data collected by 
us, or which is made available to us or our partners or subcontractors or stored in or through our products and 
services, could have a material adverse effect on us and harm our reputation and brand.  This could adversely 
affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects which could, in turn, affect our ability 
to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes. Additionally, governmental authorities may misuse our 
networks products to access the personal data of individuals without our involvement for example, through the 
so-called lawful intercept capabilities of network infrastructure, impairing our reputation.  
We may face problems or disruptions in manufacturing, service creation, delivery, logistics or within our supply 
chain.  Such challenges include securing availability of resources or components to meet demand, ability to adapt 
supply, defects in products or related software or services and achieving required efficiencies and flexibility.  Our 
suppliers or partners may fail to meet product quality, health, safety or security requirements or to comply with 
other regulations or local laws, such as environmental, social or labour laws.  Additionally, adverse events, such 
as geopolitical disruptions, natural or man-made disasters, civil unrest or health crises, have and may continue 
to have an impact on our service delivery, production sites or the production sites of our suppliers and partners 
which are geographically concentrated.  
We have an extensive supply network.  As a consequence of global supply chain disruptions, ability to secure 
supply is an increasingly important customers’ vendor selection criterion. We, or third parties that we outsource 
manufacturing/services to, may experience difficulties in adapting supply to meet the changing demand for our 
products and services, ramping up and down production, adjusting network implementation capabilities as needed 
on a timely basis, maintaining an optimal inventory level, adopting new manufacturing processes, finding the 
most timely way to develop the best technical solutions for new products, managing the increasingly complex 
manufacturing process, service creation and delivery process or achieving required efficiencies and flexibility. In 
addition, these operations are exposed to various risks and potential liabilities, including those related to 
geopolitics, compliance with laws and regulations, exposure to environmental liabilities or other claims. If the 
risks described above relating to supply chain operations materialise, this could have a material adverse effect on 
our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects which could, in turn, affect our ability to 
fulfil our obligations under the Notes.   
Our manufacturing operations depend on obtaining sufficient quantities of fully functional products, components, 
sub-assemblies, software, services, energy and other resources on a timely basis.  In certain cases, a particular

--- Page 26 ---
16 
 
component or service may be available only from a limited number of suppliers or from a single supplier in the 
supply chain.  Suppliers have and may, from time to time, extend lead times, limit supplies, change their partner 
preferences, increase prices, provide poor quality supplies or be unable to adapt to changes in demand due to 
capacity constraints or other factors, which could adversely affect our ability to deliver our products and services 
on a timely basis or increase our costs.  For example, the global semiconductor components shortage constrained 
our deliveries and the continuing uncertainty around components, raw material availability and potential energy 
shortages in the market limit our visibility and may continue to have an impact on our ability to supply to our 
customers and increase our costs. We are working closely not only with our suppliers to ensure component 
availability but also with our customers to ensure we can meet their needs.  We are also building up critical 
material buffers to be prepared to balance short term disruptions.  Many of our competitors and also companies 
from other industries utilise the same contract manufacturers, component suppliers and service vendors.  If they 
have purchased capacity or components ahead of us, or if there is significant consolidation in the relevant supplier 
base, this could prevent us from acquiring the required components or services, which could limit our ability to 
supply our customers and increase our costs. If we are unable to effectively manage our supply and demand chain 
and the risks described in this paragraph materialise, our business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects could be adversely affected which could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations 
under the Notes, including our obligation to pay interest and principal on the Notes. 
Our products are highly complex and defects in their design, manufacture and associated hardware, software, 
content and installation have occurred in the past and may continue to occur in the future.  Quality issues may 
cause, for instance, delays in deliveries, loss of intellectual property, liabilities for network outages, court fees and 
fines due to breaches of significantly increasing regulatory privacy requirements and related negative publicity, 
and additional repair, product replacement or warranty costs to us, and harm our reputation and our ability to 
sustain or obtain business with our current and potential customers.  With respect to our services, quality issues 
may relate to the challenges of having the services fully operational at the time they are made available to our 
customers and maintaining them on an ongoing basis.  We may also be subject to damages due to product liability 
claims arising from defective products and components.  We make provisions to cover our estimated warranty 
costs for our products and pending liability claims.  We believe our provisions are appropriate, although the 
ultimate outcome may materially differ from the provisions that are provided for, which could have a material 
adverse effect on us. If the risks described above in connection with defects, quality issues and damages related 
to our products and services materialise, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects 
could be adversely affected which could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the 
Notes. 
A large proportion of our manufacturing, service creation and delivery is carried out by third party suppliers.  
These vary in size and often engage a number of tiers of suppliers, which limits our direct control.  A supplier 
may fail to meet our supplier requirements, such as our and our customers’ product quality, safety, security and 
other standards.  Certain suppliers may not comply with local laws, including, among others, local labour law, 
health and safety or environmental requirements.  The activities we manage or that are managed by third parties 
for us may also be subject to negative publicity and purchasing boycotts, strikes or other forms of social, political, 
economic or environmental activism.  These all can lead to exposure in the form of litigation, product recalls or 
brand damage through association, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects and, in turn, on our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes. 
Many of our production sites or the production sites of our suppliers and partners are geographically concentrated, 
with a majority of such suppliers and partners based in Asia.  We rely on efficient logistic chain elements, such 
as regional distribution hubs or transport chain elements (main ports, streets, and airways).  We are working on 
gradually increasing the regionalisation of our supply network to increase resilience.  However, in the event that 
any of these geographic areas are affected by any adverse conditions that disrupt production or deliveries from 
our suppliers or partners, such as trade restrictions, severe impacts of environmental events, geopolitical events, 
man-made or natural disasters (for instance, flooding, heavy rain or extreme heat that the climate change is 
expected to further intensify), war, civil unrest or health crises such as the COVID-19 pandemic, our ability to 
deliver our products on a timely basis could be adversely affected.  In a similar manner, these adverse conditions 
may also cause disruption to our service creation and delivery, which, in either case, may have a material adverse 
effect on our business and results of operations and, in turn, on our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 27 ---
17 
 
Competition for employees and leaders is increasing globally.  We may be unable to retain, motivate, develop, 
reskill and recruit appropriately skilled employees or those with relevant technical expertise or we may fail in 
workforce balancing.  Employees may face change fatigue, reduction in motivation and energy as a secondary 
effect of the global pandemic and as our efforts to evolve our business and improve efficiency continue.  
Our success in executing our strategy, to address opportunities in new technologies and business models and 
customer segments in particular, requires and is dependent on our ability to retain, motivate, develop, reskill and 
recruit appropriately skilled employees and in particular those with relevant technical expertise. Nokia recently 
announced as a strategic priority for 2022 its intention to extend product leadership with focused R&D in strategic 
growth areas through next generation network processor, digital service providers, software and network 
automation, which will depend on the retention, motivation and recruitment of employees with relevant technical 
expertise. At the same time, the market for skilled employees is increasingly competitive, particularly given the 
similar technology trends affecting various industries simultaneously and increased remote working expanding 
the job market for individual employees.  We have encountered, and may in the future encounter, shortages of 
appropriately skilled employees or lose key employees or senior management.  There can be no assurances that 
we will be able to implement measures successfully to retain or hire the employees we need or those with the 
relevant technical expertise.  This may require significant time, attention and resources from our senior 
management and other key employees within our organisation and may result in increased costs or otherwise have 
a material adverse effect on us.  
In 2021, we announced plans to reset the cost base of our business groups to invest in future capabilities.  We may 
fail in our efforts to rebalance our workforce as planned, for instance due to legal restrictions or collective 
bargaining agreements, which may result in a non-optimal workforce, larger than expected costs and not meeting 
our financial targets for such plans.  Our inability to negotiate successfully with employee representatives or 
failures in our relationships with such representatives could result in strikes and other industrial actions by the 
employees which may, in turn, result in significant disruption in our day-to-day operations and higher ongoing 
labour costs.  
In response to our experience during the COVID-19 pandemic and our employees’ feedback, we provide 
flexibility for employees to work up to three days a week remotely and increased support for flexible working 
hours and fully virtual working.  With the permanently increasing share of remote working, there is a risk that we 
may be exposed to a larger extent than before to impacts related to remote work, such as increased attrition, 
decreased creativity or productivity of employees, difficulties with supervising working hours, challenges in 
identifying, assessing and supporting employees in stress or poor mental health, inability to help employees to 
work safely in their home office environment or developing and supervising the execution of related internal 
policies leading to potential health issues and litigation. 
If any of these risks related to retention, motivation, recruitment and workforce optimisation materialise, our 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected which could, in turn, 
affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes. 
Our efforts aimed at managing and improving our competitiveness, financial or operational performance may not 
lead to targeted results, benefits, cost savings or improvements.  
We are continuously targeting increased efficiency of our operations. For instance, in March 2021, we announced 
plans to reset our cost base, targeting a reduction of approximately EUR 600 million by the end of 2023. Given 
the strength in our end markets, the pace of restructuring in 2021 and 2022 has been slower than we initially 
planned.  The overall size of the plan, however, remains unchanged and continues to depend on the evolution of 
our end markets.  Failure by us to determine the appropriate prioritisation of operating expenses and other costs, 
to identify and implement the appropriate measures to improve cost-efficiency, increase simplicity or to adjust 
our operating expenses and other costs on timely basis, or to maintain achieved efficiency levels, could limit our 
future investments and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.  
Our current and future cost-saving measures may be costly, potentially disruptive to operations, and may not lead 
to sustainable improvements in our overall competitiveness and profitability and there can be no assurance that 
such measures will be met as planned in contemplated timeframes or at all.  Our plans may be altered in the future, 
including adjusting any projected financial or other targets.  The anticipated costs or the level of disruption 
expected from implementing such plans or restructurings may be higher than expected.  Efforts to plan and 
implement cost-saving initiatives may divert management attention from the rest of the business and adversely 
affect our business.  The materialisation of these risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition, 
operations and prospects and, in turn, our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 28 ---
18 
 
There are also several other factors that may prevent or delay a successful implementation of any cost-saving 
initiatives, including, among others, the following:  
• 
our need to make additional investments in other areas such as 5G-Advanced and 6G, security, cloud, 
development of new standard essential patents and automation/digitalisation of our operations; 
• 
changes in the general economic conditions, whether globally, nationally or in the markets in which we 
operate or inaccuracy in our expectations with respect to market growth, customer demand and other 
trends; 
• 
legislative constraints or unfavourable changes in legislation in the markets in which we operate 
influencing timing, costs and expected savings of certain initiatives contemplated; 
• 
our ability to swap equipment of certain customers in line with our future product lines development and 
to secure continued business from such customers; 
• 
our ability to align and adjust resources, systems and tools, including digitalisation and automation of 
processes related to implementation of planned organisational changes;  
• 
intended business plans may require us to inform or consult with employees and labour representatives, 
and such processes may influence the timing, costs and extent of expected savings and the feasibility of 
certain of the initiatives contemplated;  
• 
accelerating inflation driving increase in cost base; and  
• 
bargaining power of our suppliers may prevent us from achieving targeted procurement savings. 
Furthermore, our cost-saving initiatives, including R&D, may negatively affect our ability to develop new or 
improve existing products and compete effectively in certain markets, and there is no guarantee that we will 
continue to be able to successfully innovate or remain technologically competitive.  If we are unable to effectively 
manage our operating expenses and to achieve our costs savings targets, our business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects could be adversely affected which could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment 
obligations under the Notes, including our obligation to pay interest and principal on the Notes. 
Risks associated with intellectual property rights, technology and brand licensing 
Our patent licensing income and other intellectual property-related revenues are subject to risks and uncertainties 
such as our ability to maintain our existing sources of intellectual property-related revenue, establish new sources 
of revenue and protect our intellectual property from infringement.  A proportionally significant share of the 
current patent licensing income is generated from the smartphone market which is rapidly changing and features 
a limited number of large vendors.  
The continued strength of our intellectual property portfolios depends on our ability to create new relevant 
technologies, products and services through our R&D activities and to protect our intellectual property rights 
(“IPRs”).  If those technologies, products and services do not become relevant, and therefore attractive to potential 
licensees, the strength of our intellectual property portfolios could be reduced and therefore our business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected.  This could, in turn, affect our ability 
to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, including our obligation to pay interest and principal on the 
Notes.   
Despite the steps that we have taken to protect our technology investments with IPRs, we cannot be certain that 
any rights or pending applications will be granted or that the rights granted in connection with any future patents 
or other IPRs will be valid and sufficiently broad to protect our innovations and maintain the relative strength of 
our portfolio.  Third parties may infringe our intellectual property relating to our proprietary technologies or 
disregard their obligation to seek necessary licenses under our patents or seek to pay less than reasonable license 
fees.  As a result, we may be unable to continue to develop or protect our intellectual property-related revenue or 
establish new sources of revenue and such inability could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects and, in turn, our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes. 
Regulatory and other developments regarding protection awarded to technology innovations or compensation 
trends with respect to licensing may impact our ability to protect, monetise or divest our intellectual property.  
Any patents or other IPRs may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, and any right granted under our patents

--- Page 29 ---
19 
 
may not provide competitive advantages for us.  In the technology sector generally, certain licensees are actively 
avoiding concluding license agreements on fair and reasonable commercial terms, or are withholding making 
license payments, while some suggest that licensors may be able to collect unreasonably high license payments, 
with both behaviours attracting regulatory attention.  Authorities in various countries have increasingly monitored 
patent monetisation and may aim to influence the terms on which patent licensing arrangements or patent 
divestments may be executed, which could compromise control over or protection of our technology and 
proprietary information.  Such terms may be limited to a certain country or region; however, authorities could 
potentially seek to widen the scope and even impose global terms, potentially resulting in an adverse effect on us 
or limiting our ability to monetise our patent portfolios.  If these risks related to IPRs protection, monetisation and 
regulation materialise, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely 
affected which could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, including our 
obligation to pay interest and principal on the Notes. 
There is no assurance that past levels are indicative of future levels of intellectual property-related revenue.  Poor 
performance by any of Nokia’s patent, technology or brand licensees may impact Nokia financially, for example, 
if a licensee’s ability to pay is reduced, the licensee decides to divest or scale back a particular part of its business 
or it becomes insolvent or bankrupt.  Additionally, poor performance of potential or current licensees may limit a 
licensee’s motivation to seek new or renew existing licensing arrangements with us.  Furthermore, patent license 
agreements can cover licensees’ both past and future sales, and the portion of the income that relates to licensees’ 
past sales is not expected to have a recurring benefit.  Ongoing patent income from licensing is generally subject 
to various factors (for instance, sales by the licensees) that we have little or no control over, and it can vary 
considerably from time to time based on factors such as the terms of agreements we enter into with licensees.  
We seek to expand the scope of our licensing activities to other industries, in particular those that implement 
mobile communication and multimedia technologies, such as the automotive, consumer electronics and IoT 
industries.  The players in some of these industries may not have traditionally paid intellectual property-related 
royalties, and the expansion of our licensing activities into such industries may involve litigation.  In addition, 
entering highly fragmented markets or markets with a high volume of licensees may affect our effectiveness and/or 
profitability. 
We retained our patent portfolio after the sale of Devices & Services business in 2014.  Following the sale of 
Devices & Services business, Nokia is no longer required to agree upon cross-licenses to cover Nokia’s handset 
business, which has contributed to growing our licensing revenue.  While this has been our practice, there can be 
no guarantee that this can be continued in the future.  Also, in the past, parts of our intellectual property 
development were driven by innovation from the Devices & Services business.  As we no longer own this 
business, our future intellectual property relating to the mobile phone sector may lessen and our ability to influence 
industry trends and technology selections may reduce.  
We also enter into business agreements on behalf of our business groups, which may grant certain licenses to our 
patents.  Some of these agreements may inadvertently grant licenses to our patents with a broader scope than 
intended, or they may otherwise make the enforcement of our patents more difficult.  If these risks related to our 
patent licensing activity materialise, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could 
be adversely affected which could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, 
including our obligation to pay interest and principal on the Notes. 
To renew existing license agreements and conclude new license agreements with potential licensees, we may 
engage and have engaged in legal actions to enforce our intellectual property rights against unlawful 
infringement, the outcomes of which are uncertain. 
Intellectual property-related disputes are common in the technology industry. While we strive to reach negotiated 
settlements of any disputes in relation to license agreements with companies using our intellectual property, 
sometimes it is necessary to engage in litigation or arbitration in order to renew existing license agreements which 
have expired or conclude new license agreements with unlicensed parties. In certain cases, we have engaged in 
litigation or arbitration proceedings to enforce our rights, for instance to enforce our patents or to establish the 
terms of a patent license agreement.  Due to the nature of litigation and arbitration proceedings, there can be no 
assurances as to the final outcome, timing or costs involved in such litigation or arbitration proceedings or as to 
our ability to renew existing license agreements or conclude new license agreements with potential licensees on 
acceptable commercial terms.   
In other cases, other companies have commenced and may continue to commence actions against us seeking to 
establish the invalidity of our intellectual property, including our patents or to contest our licensing practices or

--- Page 30 ---
20 
 
file competition law complaints with courts or competition authorities.  In the event that one or more of our patents 
is challenged, a court may invalidate the patent or determine that the patent is not enforceable.  The outcome of 
court proceedings is difficult to predict and, consequently, our ability to use intellectual property for revenue 
generation may from time to time depend on favourable court rulings.  Additionally, if any of our patents is 
invalidated, or if the scope of the claims in any patents is limited by a court decision, we could be prevented from 
using such patents as a basis for product differentiation or from licensing the invalidated or limited portion of our 
IPRs.  Even if such a patent challenge is not successful, the related proceedings could be expensive and time-
consuming, divert the attention of our management and technical experts from our business and have an adverse 
effect on our reputation.  Any diminution in the protection of our IPRs could cause us to lose certain benefits of 
our R&D investments.  The materialisation of the risks stated above could lead to our business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects being adversely affected which could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our 
payment obligations under the Notes. 
While the primary source of Nokia Technologies business group’s net sales and profits is from licensing of the 
Nokia patents, we are also engaged with licensing of technologies and of the Nokia brand, as well as with other 
business ventures including technology innovation and incubation.  Expected net sales and profitability for these 
businesses may not materialise as planned or, for some of these businesses, at all.  
Nokia Technologies has a strategic agreement covering branding rights and intellectual property licensing with 
HMD Global Oy (HMD).  Under the agreement, Nokia receives royalty payments from HMD for sales of Nokia-
branded mobile phones and tablets, covering both brand and patent licensing.  Following a loan conversion in 
2020, Nokia currently has a non-controlling ownership interest in HMD. 
Nokia also has a small number of territorially restricted brand licensing agreements beyond mobile devices and is 
exploring further opportunities to license the brand in new categories.  However, there can be no assurance that 
we will successfully reach additional new brand licensing arrangements at all or on terms that prove satisfactory 
to us.  If we fail to do so, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely 
affected which, in turn, could affect our ability to fulfil our payment and other obligations under the Notes.  The 
agreement with HMD limits Nokia’s possibilities to license the Nokia brand for certain types of devices over an 
agreed time and is as such limiting Nokia’s licensing possibilities with respect to such devices. 
Nokia has limitations in its ability to influence HMD or other brand licensees in their business and other 
operations, exposing us to potential adverse effects from the use of the Nokia brand by HMD or other brand 
licensees or other adverse developments encountered by brand licensees that become attributable to Nokia.  For 
instance, in case the licensee acts inconsistently with our ethical, compliance or quality standards, it could 
negatively affect our reputation and the value of our brand, thus diminishing the business potential with respect 
to utilising our brand for licensing opportunities or otherwise having a negative effect on our business.  If these 
risks related to the licensing of our brand to third parties materialise, our business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects could be adversely affected which could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment 
obligations under the Notes.  
There can be no assurances that our Nokia Technologies business group, or any other part of Nokia, will be 
successful in innovation and incubation or in generating net sales and profits through its business plans, for 
instance in patent, technology and brand licensing.  The industries in which we operate, or may operate in the 
future, are generally fast paced, rapidly evolving, innovative and at different levels of maturity.  Additionally, we 
are entering into new business areas based on our technology assets and may explore new business ventures.  Such 
business areas or plans may be adversely affected by adverse industry and market developments in the numerous 
diverse markets in which we operate and the investments we make may not achieve the targeted scale, intended 
benefits or yield expected rates of return.  If we are unable to successfully manage our innovation and incubation 
activities, especially in connection with patent, technology and brand licensing, or to successfully enter new 
business ventures, especially technological ones, our business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects and, in turn, our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes, may be adversely affected.

--- Page 31 ---
21 
 
Our products, services and business models depend on technologies that we have developed as well as 
technologies that are licensed to us by certain third parties.  As a result, evaluating the rights related to the 
technologies we use or intend to use is increasingly challenging, and we expect to continue to face claims that we 
have allegedly infringed third parties’ IPRs.  The use of these technologies may also result in increased licensing 
costs for us, restrictions on our ability to use certain technologies in our products and/or costly and time-
consuming litigation. 
Our products and services include increasingly complex technologies that we have developed or that have been 
licensed to us by certain third parties.  The amount of such proprietary technologies and the number of parties 
claiming to own relevant IPRs continue to increase.  The holders of patents and other IPRs potentially relevant to 
these complex technologies may be unknown to us, may have different business models, may refuse to grant 
licenses to their proprietary rights or may otherwise make it difficult for us to acquire a license on commercially 
acceptable terms.  If licensing agreements are not available on commercially acceptable terms, we could be 
precluded from making and selling the affected products, or could face increased licensing costs.  As new features 
are added to our products, we may need to acquire further licenses, including from new and sometimes 
unidentified owners of intellectual property.  The lack of availability of licenses for copyrighted content, delayed 
negotiations or restrictive IPR license terms may have a material adverse effect on the cost or timing of content-
related services and products offered by us, mobile network operators or third party service providers.  The 
cumulative costs of obtaining any necessary licenses are difficult to predict and may be significant and could 
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects and, in turn, our ability to 
fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes. 
Additionally, although we endeavour to ensure that we and the companies collaborating with us possess 
appropriate IPRs or licenses, we cannot fully avoid the risks of IPRs infringement by suppliers of components, 
processes and other various layers in our products, or by companies with which we collaborate.  Similarly, we 
and our customers may face claims of infringement in connection with the use of our products.  Any restrictions 
on our ability to sell our products due to expected or alleged infringements of third party IPR and any IPR claims, 
regardless of merit, could result in a material loss of profits, costly litigation, the obligation to pay damages and 
other compensation, the diversion of the attention of our key employees, product shipment delays or the need for 
us to develop non-infringing technology or to enter into a licensing agreement on unfavourable commercial terms.  
If the risks described in this paragraph in connection with the complex technologies that we use (either developed 
by us or licensed to us) materialise, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be 
adversely affected which could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment and other obligations under the 
Notes. 
In line with standard practice in our industry, we generally indemnify our customers for certain intellectual 
property-related infringement claims initiated by third parties relating to products or services purchased from us.  
These may include claims from non-practicing entities having no product or service business.  If such claims are 
made directly against our customers, we may have limited opportunities to participate in the processes including 
in negotiations and in defences, or to evaluate the outcomes and resolutions in advance.  All IPRs indemnifications 
can result in significant payment obligations for us that are difficult to estimate in advance.  Moreover, our 
indemnification responsibilities typically arise whether or not the IPR assertions against our customers have merit.  
Any potential liabilities derived from disputes against our clients related to IPRs of products and services sold by 
us may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects 
and, in turn, on our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, including our obligation to pay 
interest and principal on the Notes. 
Since all technology standards that we use and rely on, including mobile communication technologies such as the 
Universal Mobile Telecommunications System, Long-Term Evolution (“LTE”) and 5G, or fixed line 
communication technologies, include certain IPRs, we cannot avoid risks of facing claims for infringement of 
such rights due to our reliance on such standards.  We believe the number of third parties declaring their patents 
to be potentially relevant to these standards is increasing, which may increase the likelihood that we will be subject 
to such claims in the future.  As the number of market entrants and the complexity of technologies increase, it 
remains likely that we will need to obtain licenses with respect to existing and new standards from other licensors.  
While we believe most of such IPRs declared or actually found to be essential to a particular standard carry an 
obligation to be licensed on fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms, not all intellectual property owners 
agree to apply such terms, nor do all owners agree on what is fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory.  As a result, 
we have experienced costly and time-consuming litigation proceedings against us and our customers or suppliers 
over such issues and we may continue to experience such litigations in the future.  Potential liabilities derived 
from such claims and litigations could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects which could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment and other obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
22 
 
From time to time, certain existing patent licenses may expire or otherwise become subject to renegotiation.  The 
inability to renew or finalise such arrangements or renew licenses with acceptable commercial terms may result 
in litigation, which may be expensive and time-consuming and divert the efforts of our management and technical 
experts from our business and, if decided against us, could result in unfavourable judgments, restrictions on our 
ability to sell certain of our products, require us to pay increased licensing fees, costly settlements, fines or other 
penalties and expenses, and/or to enter into costly settlements.  If any of these risks related to the expiration or 
renegotiation of patent licenses materialise, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects 
could be adversely affected which could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes. 
Our patent license agreements may not cover all the future businesses that we may enter, our existing business 
may not necessarily be covered by our patent license agreements if there are changes in our corporate structure or 
our subsidiaries, or our newly acquired businesses may already have patent license agreements with terms that 
differ from similar terms in our patent license agreements.  This may result in increased costs, restrictions in the 
use of certain technologies or time-consuming and costly disputes whenever there are changes in our corporate 
structure or our subsidiaries, or whenever we enter into new business areas or acquire new businesses.  If any of 
these risks related to a potential inadequate scope of our patent license agreements materialise, our business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected which could, in turn, affect 
our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes. 
We make accruals and provisions to cover our estimated total direct IPR costs for our allegedly infringing 
products.  Our estimated total direct IPR costs take into account items such as payments to licensors, accrued 
expenses under existing agreements and provisions for potential liabilities.  We believe our accruals and 
provisions are at an appropriate level.  The ultimate outcome, however, may differ from the provided level, which 
could have an adverse impact on us and, in turn, on our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, 
including our obligation to pay interest and principal on the Notes. 
Risks stemming from geopolitical, legal, regulatory and compliance environment 
We conduct our business globally, being subject to direct and indirect regulation and exposed to geopolitical and 
regulatory risks, such as push for localisation, unfavourable or unpredictable treatment in relation to trade 
sanctions, tariffs, tax matters and export controls, exchange controls, and other restrictions.  
Our business and activities cover multiple jurisdictions and are subject to complex regulatory frameworks, 
political turmoil, regulatory and economic developments – such as trade barriers, tariffs, geopolitical conflicts and 
military actions, labour unrest, civil unrest, and public security  and safety threats, which could have a material 
adverse effect on us, and our supply chain, our ability to sell or supply products and services, including network 
infrastructure equipment and components manufactured in such countries. As a result of Russia’s invasion of 
Ukraine, the United States, the United Kingdom and the European Union governments, among others, have 
developed and implemented coordinated economic and financial sanctions packages.  These include, among 
others, restrictions on selling or importing goods, services or technology in or from affected regions, travel bans 
and asset freezes impacting connected individuals and political, military, business and financial organisations in 
Russia, severing large Russian banks from U.S. and/or other financial systems, and barring some Russian 
enterprises from raising money in the U.S. market.  As the invasion of Ukraine continues, there can be no certainty 
regarding whether such governments or other governments will impose additional sanctions or other economic or 
military measures against Russia. The impact of the invasion of Ukraine, including economic sanctions or 
additional war or military conflict, as well as potential responses to them by Russia, is currently unknown and 
they could adversely affect our business, supply chain, suppliers, customers and potential consumer demand for 
our products. It is not possible to predict the broader consequences of this conflict, which could include further 
sanctions, embargoes, regional instability, geopolitical shifts and adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, 
the availability and cost of raw materials, supplies, freight and labour, currency exchange rates and financial 
markets, all of which could impact our business, financial condition and results of operations and prospects, which 
may, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes. 
We have witnessed political unrest in the past in various markets in which we conduct business or in which we 
have operations, which, in turn, has adversely affected our sales, profitability or operations in these markets, and 
also in certain cases affected us outside these countries or regions.  Any reoccurrence or escalation of such unrest 
could have a further material adverse effect on our sales or results of operations.  Should we decide to exit or 
otherwise alter our presence in a particular market, this may have an adverse effect on us through, for example, 
disruption to our operations in the event we need to relocate a significant part of our operations, triggered  
investigations, tax audits by authorities, claims by contracting parties or reputational damage.  The results and

--- Page 33 ---
23 
 
costs of investigations or claims against our international operations may be difficult to predict and could lead to 
lengthy disputes, fines or fees, indemnities or costly settlements.  
The regulatory, trade controls and sanctions legal environment can be difficult to navigate for companies with 
global operations, impacting ability to grow or maintain business in specific markets or enter new markets.  For 
example, the diverging EU and U.S. regulatory frameworks governing business activities in Iran continue to be 
complex and as a European company, it will require reconciling the occasionally opposing foreign policy regimes 
of the U.S. and the EU. As a global operator, Nokia conducts business subject to export controls regulations and 
in countries subject to various sanctions and our business may be impacted by new, existing or tightened export 
control regulations, sanctions, embargoes or other forms of economic and trade restrictions imposed on certain 
countries, regions and entities.  If we fail to or are unable to comply with applicable law and regulations, we could 
experience penalties and adverse rulings in enforcement and other proceedings, which could adversely affect our 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, which may, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil 
our obligations under the Notes. Although we strive to conduct all operations of Nokia, and in particular any 
operations undertaken in countries targeted by sanctions in accordance with our compliance programme, we 
cannot ensure that breaches will not occur.   
Export controls, tariffs or other fees or levies imposed on our products and environmental, health, product safety, 
data protection and security, consumer protection, money laundering and other regulations that adversely affect 
the export, import, technical design, pricing or costs of our products could also adversely affect our sales and 
results of operations.  Further, we rely on a multilateral trade regime underpinned by the World Trade Organisation 
and its Information Technology Agreement.  Conflicts between countries and geopolitical tensions may lead to 
implementation of or uncertainties with respect to any measures limiting trade of products and services affecting 
our customers’ ability or willingness to invest in capital expenditures and increasing our costs or having adverse 
impacts on Nokia’s business, supply chain, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, which may, 
in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes. 
We have a significant presence in emerging markets in which the political, economic, legal and regulatory systems 
are less predictable than in countries with more developed institutions.  These markets represent a significant 
portion of our total sales, and a significant portion of expected future industry growth.  Most of our suppliers are 
located in, and our products are manufactured and assembled in, emerging markets, particularly in Asia.  Our 
business and investments in emerging markets may also be subject to risks and uncertainties, including 
unfavourable or unpredictable treatment in relation to tax matters, exchange controls, restrictions affecting our 
ability to make cross-border transfers of funds, regulatory proceedings, unsound or unethical business practices, 
challenges in protecting our IPR, information security, nationalisation, inflation, currency fluctuations or the 
absence of or unexpected changes in regulation, as well as other unforeseeable operational risks.  
Our business and results of operations may be adversely affected by regulation favouring the local industry 
participants, as well as other measures with potentially protectionist objectives or outcomes that host governments 
in various countries may take.  Governments and regulators, particularly after changes in political regimes, may 
make legal and regulatory changes, slow down or reverse the adoption of favourable policy measures, or interpret 
and apply existing laws in ways that make our products and services less appealing to customers or require us to 
incur substantial costs, change our business practices or prevent us from offering our products and services.  In 
particular, there is a growing trend in many countries to require minimum local content in products and/or services, 
and we may be required to invest in certain movement of operations or joint ventures to retain market share.  
Restrictive government policies or actions, such as measures related to pandemics, limitations on visas or work 
permits for certain foreign workers, may make it difficult for us to move our employees into and out of these 
jurisdictions.  Our operations and employee recruitment and retention depend on our ability to obtain the necessary 
visas and work permits for our employees to travel and work in the jurisdictions in which we operate.  The impact 
of changes in or uncertainties related to general regulation and trade policies could adversely affect our business 
and results of operations even in cases where the regulations do not directly apply to us or our products and 
services. 
If the risks described in the preceding paragraphs related to emerging markets, unfavourable local legislation or 
conflict regions materialise, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely 
affected, which may, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
24 
 
Our operations may be adversely affected by ongoing developments relating to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, 
including due to the impact of our decision to discontinue our operations in Russia. 
The uncertain nature, magnitude, and duration of hostilities stemming from Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, 
including the potential effects of sanctions limitations on the world economy and markets, have contributed to 
increased market volatility and uncertainty, which could have an adverse impact on macroeconomic factors that 
affect our business. As a result of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the United States, the United Kingdom and the 
European Union governments, among others, have developed coordinated economic and financial sanctions 
packages. These include, among others, restrictions on selling or importing goods, services, or technology in or 
from affected regions, travel bans and asset freezes impacting connected individuals and political, military, 
business, and financial organisations in Russia and severing large Russian banks from U.S. and/or other financial 
systems.  
In 2021, Russia and Ukraine accounted for less than 2 per cent. of our net sales. In addition to our main operational 
subsidiaries, we also have two minor joint ventures in Russia. One of the joint ventures was established for an 
educational partnership with a local university. The other joint venture has, as an indirect shareholder, Rostelecom 
PJSC which is currently subject to international sanctions, the most relevant being the sectoral sanctions 
implemented by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”). Given the ownership structure of that joint 
venture, the U.S. sectoral sanctions applicable to Rostelecom PJSC extend to the joint venture. Pursuant to 
Directive 3 issued under Executive Order 14024, those sectoral sanctions prohibit U.S. persons from certain 
dealings in new debt and equity of the sanctioned entity, but do not prohibit other dealings. OFAC has also issued 
General License 25A which authorises certain telecommunications related transactions that would otherwise be 
prohibited by the sanctions. The transactions permitted under the General License include, among others, “the 
exportation or reexportation, sale, or supply, directly or indirectly, from the United States or by U.S. persons, 
wherever located, to the Russian Federation of services, software, hardware, or technology incident to the 
exchange of communications over the internet”. In addition, Nokia’s dealings with Rostelecom and the joint 
venture did not generally have a U.S. person nexus and would therefore not have been restricted by the U.S. 
sanctions. The joint venture is not currently subject to targeted EU sanctions. We will not use the proceeds of the 
offering of any Notes to lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any sanctioned person 
(including our joint venture in Russia that is currently subject to U.S. sanctions). We are complying with all 
applicable sanctions and restrictions and, to ensure this compliance, all transactions between members of the 
Group and Rostelecom PJSC or the joint venture were reviewed by our trade compliance team and external 
counsel where deemed necessary. We have stopped all business with the joint venture and our participation is 
being unwound: we have entered into agreements providing for the ramp down of the activities of the joint venture 
and disposal of our equity interest in, or liquidation of, the joint venture subject to applicable governmental 
approvals. We no longer have representatives on the board of directors of the joint venture and have effectively 
surrendered our equity interests in the joint venture.  Our involvement in the joint venture remains limited to the 
unwinding process and is in compliance with applicable sanctions regimes. 
On 12 April 2022, we announced that we would be exiting the Russian market. We suspended all deliveries to 
Russia in March 2022 and we have now substantially completed our full exit from the Russian market. On the 
date of this Base Prospectus, Nokia does not make any sales to customers in Russia.  
We recognised a provision of EUR 104 million in Q1 2022 in relation to Russia. By the end of Q1 2023, a majority 
of that provision was either used or released. However, the full impact of the invasion of Ukraine and related 
hostilities, including the economic sanctions and potential responses to them by Russia, is currently unknown and 
they could further adversely affect our business, supply chain, suppliers and customers. It is not possible to fully 
predict the consequences of these developments or their impact on our business, financial condition and results of 
operations, which may, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, including our 
obligation to pay interest and principal on the Notes. 
Changes in various existing regulations or in their application to current or new technologies, products or 
telecommunications and technology sectors in general, or emerging new regulation in areas such as security, 
privacy, digital economy or sustainable finance, may adversely affect our operations and business results. 
We develop our products based on existing regulations and technical standards. In case of new technology, we 
must often rely on our predictions for and interpretation of unfinished technical standards and upcoming or draft 
regulations or, in certain cases, have products developed in the absence of applicable regulations and standards.  
Fragmentation of rules, lengthy legislative processes and unpredictability of regulatory changes present a 
particular challenge.   Due in part to this fragmentation, we face a risk of being unable to meet regulatory or market

--- Page 35 ---
25 
 
expectations on security and privacy in our products and services. Perceived or actual breaches of our information 
systems or customer information systems also present a risk if fault is attributable to Nokia. 
An increase in regulation of the digital economy and telecommunications following the European Commission’s 
ambitious Green Deal and Path to Digital Decade could fail to find the right balance between political ambitions 
and practical considerations, which might negatively affect Nokia and have a stifling effect on innovation due to 
strict product liability requirements, limits on the use of data, and extensive due diligence and reporting 
requirements.  From a spectrum policy perspective, unrealistic spectrum pricing failure to enable access to 
additional spectrum in various bands and/or failure to achieve frequency band harmonisation could also adversely 
impact Nokia’s customers and Nokia itself. 
Changes in applicable privacy-related regulatory frameworks, such as EU General Data Protection Regulation, 
the upcoming EU eEvidence and e-Privacy Regulations and similar regulations in other countries or their 
application may adversely affect our business, including possible changes that increase costs, limit or restrict 
possibilities to offer products or services, or reduce or could be seen to reduce the privacy aspects of our offerings.  
For instance, countries could require governmental interception capabilities or issue regulations aimed at allowing 
direct governmental access to data for the products and services we offer.  Such requirements or regulations could 
adversely affect us, if, among other things, we decide to reduce our sales to such markets or if such requirements 
or regulations would be limiting our ability to use components, products or software that we have developed or 
sourced from other companies.  Our current business models and operations rely on certain centralised data 
processing solutions and cloud or remote delivery-based services for distribution of services and software or data 
storage, which have certain inherent risks, including those stemming from applicable regulatory regimes, 
including data protection or data localisation, that may cause limitations in implementing such business models 
or conducting business.  An increase in the protectionist stances of governments around the world, which impact 
the free flow of data across borders, has affected and may further affect our global service delivery model.  
Furthermore, we observe that enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory authorities related to data 
security incidents and privacy violations continue to increase.  Unauthorised disclosure, transfer or loss of 
sensitive or confidential data, whether through systems failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, 
by Nokia, our vendors or other parties with whom we do business (if they fail to meet the standards we impose) 
could subject us to significant litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and criminal 
prosecution in one or more jurisdictions, which may impact on our business, financial condition and results of 
operations, which may, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, including our 
obligation to pay interest and principal on the Notes. 
We are seeing an increase in climate and other sustainability related regulations and customer requirements 
globally.  In the longer term, such regulations or requirements could impact, for instance, our energy, component 
and logistic costs or competitiveness of our product offering, as well as affect availability of financing from ESG-
focused investors.  Emerging regulation coming from the European Union related to Sustainable Finance, such as 
the EU Taxonomy Regulation and its delegated acts, the new EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive 
and the EU Corporate Due Diligence Directive, will lead to more detailed reporting obligations, controls and 
documentation requirements and could also affect our ability to work with certain suppliers, as well as have an 
impact on how our products and sustainability footprint are perceived by the markets.  For example, the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation aims to define rules for which economic activities contribute to sustainability objectives 
and mandates companies to report the share of their turnover and capital and operating expenses aligned with 
specified technical criteria.  The EU has first focused on the most polluting industries and therefore not all 
economic activities have yet been considered in the taxonomy work.  Currently, the telecom sector is one of the 
sectors not yet specifically recognised in the EU taxonomy sectors which in turn provide the basis for economic 
activities. Therefore, the positive impact of our technology on other industries and society  is currently not 
recognised by the EU taxonomy. If this impact remains unrecognised in the EU Taxonomy for an extended period, 
or if our offering is not recognised by other similar standards developed around the world, it could potentially 
have some impact on our financing costs, share price or brand value in the longer term, depending on how such 
standards are interpreted and used by the markets, financial and investors institutions in the future.  This could, in 
turn, adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, which may, in turn, 
affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
26 
 
We operate in many jurisdictions around the world, and we are subject to various legal frameworks addressing 
corruption, fraud, competition, privacy, security, trade policies, environment, human rights, supply chains and 
other risk areas.  At any given time, we may be subject to inspections, investigations, claims, and government 
proceedings, and the extent and outcome of such proceedings may be difficult to estimate with any certainty.  We 
may be subject to material fines, penalties and other sanctions as a result of such investigations. 
Bribery and anti-corruption laws in effect in many countries prohibit companies and their intermediaries from 
making improper payments to public officials or private individuals for the purpose of obtaining new business, 
maintaining existing business relationships or gaining any business advantage.  Certain anti-corruption laws such 
as the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”) also require the maintenance of proper books and 
records, and the implementation of controls and procedures in order to ensure that a company’s operations do not 
involve corrupt payments.  Since we operate throughout the world and given that some of our customers are 
government-owned entities and that our projects and agreements often require approvals from public officials, 
there is a risk that our employees, suppliers, consultants or commercial third party representatives may take actions 
that are in violation of our compliance policies and of applicable anti-corruption laws.  
In many parts of the world where we operate, local practices and customs may be inconsistent with our policies, 
including the Nokia Code of Conduct, and could violate anti-corruption laws, including the FCPA and the UK 
Bribery Act 2010, and applicable European Union regulations, as well as applicable economic sanctions, 
embargoes and applicable competition and privacy laws.  Our employees, or other parties acting on our behalf, 
could violate policies and procedures intended to promote compliance with anti-corruption laws, economic 
sanctions, competition or privacy laws or other applicable regulations.  Violations of these laws by our employees 
or other parties acting on our behalf, regardless of whether we had participated in such acts or had knowledge of 
such acts, could result in us or our employees becoming subject to criminal or civil enforcement actions, including 
fines or penalties, disgorgement of profits and suspension or disqualification of sales.  Additionally, violations of 
law or allegations of violations may result in reputational harm and loss of business and adversely affect our brand 
and reputation.  Detecting, investigating and resolving such situations may also result in significant costs, 
including the need to engage external advisors, and consume significant time, attention and resources from our 
management and other key employees.  The results and costs of such investigations or claims may be difficult to 
predict and could lead to, for instance, lengthy disputes, fines, fees or indemnities, costly settlements or the 
deterioration of the Nokia brand.  Furthermore, even without allegations of misconduct against us, our employees 
or other parties acting on our behalf, we may face loss of business as a result of improper conduct or alleged 
improper conduct by our competitors. 
We may be subject to claims, fines, investigations or assessments for conduct that we failed to or were unable to 
discover or identify in the course of performing our due diligence investigations of Alcatel-Lucent, including 
unknown or unasserted liabilities and issues relating to fraud, trade compliance, non-compliance with applicable 
laws and regulations, improper accounting policies or other improper activities.  With the acquisition of Alcatel-
Lucent, any historical issues with Alcatel-Lucent’s operations may be attributed to or the responsibility of Nokia.  
In the past, Alcatel-Lucent has experienced both actual and alleged violations of anti-corruption laws.  As a result 
of FCPA violations in the past, Alcatel-Lucent had to pay substantial amounts in fines, penalties and disgorgement 
of profits to government enforcement agencies in the United States and elsewhere. 
If the risks described in the preceding paragraphs related to potential violations by our employees, suppliers, 
consultants or commercial third party representatives of our compliance policies or of applicable anti-corruption 
laws or to potential breaches of such laws by conducts and actions that we failed or were unable to identify 
materialise, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected, which 
may, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes. 
Our governance, internal controls and compliance processes could fail to detect errors or wrongdoings and to 
prevent regulatory penalties at corporate level, in operating subsidiaries and joint ventures. 
Nokia is a publicly listed company and, as such, subject to various securities and accounting rules and regulations.  
For instance, we must monitor and assess our internal control over financial reporting and its compliance with the 
applicable rules and regulations.  A failure of our corporate functions, our business groups, our operating 
subsidiaries or our joint ventures to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, or to comply with 
the applicable securities and accounting rules and regulations, could adversely affect the accuracy and timeliness 
of our financial reporting, which could result, for instance, in loss of confidence in us or in the accuracy and 
completeness of our financial reports, or otherwise in the imposition of fines or other regulatory measures, which 
could have a material adverse effect on us, which may, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under the 
Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
27 
 
Integrity and high ethical standards are an essential part of our culture.  However, despite of our Group-wide 
compliance actions (including towards our suppliers), including ethical business trainings and other measures, we 
may not be able to prevent breaches of law or governance standards within our business, subsidiaries, joint 
ventures or in our supply chain.  If we fail to or are unable to comply with applicable law and regulations, we 
could experience penalties and adverse rulings in enforcement and other proceedings, which may adversely affect 
our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, which may, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil 
our obligations under the Notes. 
We are subject to litigation proceedings, which may be disruptive and expensive.  In addition, an unfavourable 
outcome of litigation, arbitrations, agreement-related disputes or product liability-related allegations against our 
business could have a material adverse effect on us.  
We are a party to lawsuits, arbitrations, agreement-related disputes and product liability-related allegations in the 
normal course of our business.  Litigation, arbitration or agreement-related disputes can be expensive, lengthy and 
disruptive to normal business operations and divert the efforts of our management.  Moreover, the outcomes of 
complex legal proceedings or agreement-related disputes are difficult to predict.  An unfavourable resolution of a 
particular lawsuit, arbitration or agreement-related dispute could have a material adverse effect on us.  The 
investment or acquisition decisions we make may subject us to litigation arising from minority shareholders’ 
actions and investor dissatisfaction with the activities of our business.  Shareholder disputes, if resolved against 
us, could have a material adverse effect on us. 
We record provisions for pending claims when we determine that an unfavourable outcome is likely and the loss 
can reasonably be estimated.  Although we believe our provisions for pending claims are appropriate, due to the 
inherent uncertain nature of legal proceedings, the ultimate outcome or actual cost of settlement may materially 
differ from estimates.  
Although our products are designed to meet all relevant safety standards and other recommendations and 
regulatory requirements globally, we cannot guarantee we will not become subject to product liability claims or 
be held liable for such claims, which could have a material adverse effect on us.  We have been involved in several 
lawsuits alleging adverse health effects associated with our products, including those caused by electromagnetic 
fields, and the outcome of such procedures is difficult to predict, including potentially significant fines or 
settlements.  Even a perceived risk of adverse health effects of mobile devices or base stations could have a 
material adverse effect on us, for instance, through a reduction in the demand for mobile devices, and a decreased 
demand for mobile networks or increased difficulty in obtaining sites for base stations.  
If the risks described in the preceding paragraphs related to litigation proceedings and disputes materialise 
(including the costs and business disruption arising from such proceedings, unfavourable rulings, incorrect 
recording of provisions or reputational harm, among others), our business, financial condition and cash flows may 
be adversely affected, which may, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes. 
For a more detailed discussion of litigation to which we are a party, refer to Note 27, Commitments, contingencies 
and legal matters, of our audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the twelve months ended 31 
December 2022 which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
We are involved in joint ventures and other affiliated companies with their own governance and system 
infrastructure and are exposed to risks inherent to companies under joint management or not having direct 
management control. 
We have a number of  joint ventures including those where Nokia is the minority partner, and other affiliated 
companies with their own governance and system infrastructure where Nokia does not have direct management 
control. The agreements related to our joint ventures may require unanimous consent or the affirmative vote of a 
qualified majority of the shareholders to take certain actions, thereby possibly slowing down the decision-making 
process or impairing our ability to implement our key policies and practices, such as our compliance processes 
and culture, in a comprehensive or timely manner. In addition, joint venture companies and other affiliated 
companies having their own governance and system infrastructure, such as our local service companies focusing 
on networks field services, involve inherent risks such as those associated with a complex corporate governance 
structure, lack of transparency or uniform controls and procedures and consequent risks of compliance breaches 
or other similar issues, or issues in dissolving such entities or divesting their shareholdings, assets and liabilities, 
and also may involve negative public perceptions caused by the joint venture partner that are adverse to us.

--- Page 38 ---
28 
 
If any of these ownership-related risks materialise, our business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects could be adversely affected which could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under the 
Notes. 
We engage in the installation and maintenance of undersea telecommunications cable networks.  During this 
activity, we may cause damage to existing undersea infrastructure, for which we may ultimately be held 
responsible. 
We supply, install and maintain submarine optical fiber cable networks linking mainland to islands, island to 
island or several points along a coast.  Our activities also include the provision of optical fiber infrastructure to 
oil and gas platforms and other offshore installations.  Despite the precautionary measures, there is a risk that 
previously laid infrastructure, such as third party fiber optic cables, electrical power lines or hydrocarbon 
pipelines, may go undetected despite such precautions, and be damaged during the process of laying or 
maintaining the telecommunications cables.  Such an event could potentially cause temporary business 
interruption to third parties operating in the same area, environmental incidents, safety accidents, unwanted media 
or regulatory attention, loss of reputation, litigation, repair costs or compensation payments for the affected parties.  
All of this could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects which 
could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, including our obligation to pay 
interest and principal on the Notes.  While we have contractual limitations in place and maintain insurance 
coverage to limit our exposure, these protections may be insufficient to cover such exposure entirely. 
Financial and Tax-related uncertainties 
We have operations in many countries with different tax laws and rules, which may result in complex tax issues 
and disputes.  
Taxation or other fees collected by governments or governmental agencies may result in unexpected payment 
obligations, and in response to prevailing difficult economic conditions in the public sector, coupled with already 
enacted and proposed fundamental changes in international tax regulations, there may be an increased 
aggressiveness in collecting such fees or taxes.  We may be obliged to pay additional taxes for past periods as a 
result of changes in law, or changes of tax authority practice or interpretation (possibly with retroactive effect in 
certain cases), or inaccurate interpretations of tax laws by us resulting potentially in a material adverse effect on 
our cash flow and financial position.  In particular, potential changes in re-allocation of taxing rights and other 
fundamental international tax principles, the OECD Pillar project and digital business-related initiatives, wide 
geographical footprint of operations, changes in tax laws or global laws regarding transfer pricing could adversely 
impact our business, operating results and overall tax burden.  There may also be unforeseen tax expenses that 
turn out to have an unfavourable impact on us, adverse tax consequences related to past acquisitions and 
divestments, and potential tax liabilities that we are currently not aware of.  As a result, and given the inherently 
unpredictable nature of taxation, our tax rate may change from its current level and our cash flows regarding taxes 
may not be stable. 
As a company with global operations we are subject to tax investigations in various jurisdictions, and such 
proceedings can be lengthy, involve actions that can hinder local operations and affect unrelated parts of our 
business, and the outcome of such proceedings is difficult to predict.  While we have made provisions for certain 
tax issues, the provisions we have made may not be adequate to cover such increases. 
Changes in tax-related laws or in their interpretation, retroactive effect of such changes, changes in the relevant 
tax authorities practice, increased tax collection practices or unfavourable outcomes of tax investigations may 
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, which may, in turn, affect 
our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes. 
In the context of our sale of Devices & Services business to Microsoft, we are required to indemnify Microsoft 
for certain tax liabilities, including (i) tax liabilities of the Nokia entities acquired by Microsoft in connection with 
the closing of the sale of Devices & Services business, (ii) tax liabilities associated with the assets acquired by 
Microsoft and attributable to tax periods ending on or prior to the closing date of the sale of Devices & Services 
business, and (iii) tax liabilities relating to the pre-closing portion of any taxable period that includes the closing 
date of the sale of Devices & Services business. 
Adverse tax consequences or unknown tax liabilities derived from past acquisitions and divestments may 
adversely affect our financial condition or cash flows, which may, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our obligations 
under the Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
29 
 
Our actual or anticipated performance, among other factors, could reduce our ability to utilise our tax attributes 
and deferred tax assets.  
Deferred tax assets recognised on tax losses, unused tax credits and tax-deductible temporary differences are 
dependent on our ability to offset such items against future taxable income within the relevant tax jurisdiction.  
Such deferred tax assets are also based on our assumptions on future taxable earnings and these may not be realised 
as expected which may cause the deferred tax assets to be materially reduced. Any such reduction could have a 
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects which could, in 
turn, affect our ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes.  As an example, Nokia de-recognised 
EUR 2.9 billion of deferred tax assets related to Finland in 2020 and re-recognised EUR 2.5 billion of deferred 
tax assets related to Finland in 2022. Additionally, our earnings have been unfavourably affected in the past, and 
may continue to be in the future, in the event that no tax benefits are recognised for certain deferred tax items. 
We may not have access to sources of funding on favourable terms, or at all.  
In periods when the capital and credit markets experience significant volatility, the amounts, sources and cost of 
capital available to us may be adversely affected. Deteriorating economic conditions or financial uncertainty in 
any of the markets in which we sell our products could reduce business confidence and adversely impact spending 
patterns, and thereby could adversely affect the amounts, sources and cost of capital available to us. Our business 
requires a significant amount of cash and we continue to invest in our R&D and other future capabilities.  We rely 
on multiple sources of funding for short-term and long-term capital and aim to minimise the liquidity risk by 
maintaining a sufficient cash position and having committed credit lines in place. However, if economic conditions 
deteriorate or credit markets tighten, there can be no assurances that we will be able to generate sufficient amounts 
of capital or to maintain an efficient capital structure from time to time. 
We also may not be able to have access to additional sources of funds that we may need from time to time with 
reasonable terms, or at all.  If we cannot access capital or sell receivables on a commercially viable basis, our 
business, financial condition and cash flow could materially suffer which, in turn, could adversely affect our 
ability to fulfil our payment obligations under the Notes, including our obligation to pay interest and principal on 
the Notes. 
We may not be able to maintain our investment grade credit ratings. 
Moody’s, S&P Global Ratings, Fitch and other credit rating agencies have assigned credit ratings to us.  Following 
the upgrades by Moody’s and S&P Global Ratings in February 2023, we have updated our goal from re-
establishing investment grade credit ratings to maintaining our investment grade credit ratings. However, there 
can be no assurances that we will be able to maintain our current investment grade credit ratings. 
In the event our credit rating is downgraded, it could have a material adverse effect, for instance, on our cost of 
funds and related margins, our business and results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, or access to capital 
markets which, in turn, could affect our ability to refinance the Notes or repay the Notes at maturity.  A decrease 
in our credit rating may also affect the trading price of any Notes we have issued.  
Due to our global operations, our net sales, costs and results of operations, as well as the U.S. dollar value of our 
dividends and market price of our American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”), are affected by exchange rate 
fluctuations. 
We operate globally and are therefore exposed to foreign exchange risks in the form of both transaction risks and 
translation risks.  Our policy is to monitor and hedge foreign exchange rate exposures within defined exposure 
identification horizons.  We manage our operations to mitigate, but not to eliminate, the impacts of exchange rate 
fluctuations and our hedging activities may prove unsuccessful in mitigating the potentially negative impact of 
exchange rate fluctuations.  Additionally, significant volatility in the relevant exchange rates and interest rates 
may increase our hedging costs, as well as limit our ability to hedge our exchange rate exposure including, in 
particular certain emerging market currencies.  Furthermore, exchange rate fluctuations may have an adverse 
effect on our net sales, costs and results of operations, as well as our competitive position, through their impact 
on our customers, suppliers and competitors.  This could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under 
the Notes, whether payment-related or otherwise.  
We also experience other financial market-related risks, including changes in interest rates and in prices of 
marketable securities that we own.  We may use derivative financial instruments to reduce certain of these risks.  
If our strategies to reduce such risks are not successful, our financial condition and results of operation and, 
consequently, our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes, may be harmed.

--- Page 40 ---
30 
 
Additionally, exchange rate fluctuations may materially affect the U.S. dollar value of any dividends or other 
distributions that are paid in euro, as well as the market price of our ADSs. 
Our pension and other post-employment benefit obligations are subject to numerous factors that could result in  
a need for increased funding, adversely affecting our results of operations and cash flow. 
We are exposed to various employee cost-related risks, including those related to pension and post-employment 
healthcare and life insurance cost-related risks.  In the U.S., we maintain significant employee pension benefit 
plans and a significant retiree welfare benefit plan (providing post-employment healthcare benefits and post-
employment life insurance coverage).  Outside the U.S., we contribute to pension schemes for large numbers of 
current and former employees.  The U.S. and non-U.S. plans and schemes have funding requirements that depend 
on, among other things, various legal requirements, how assets set aside to pay for those obligations are invested, 
the performance of financial markets, interest rates, assumptions regarding the life expectancy of covered 
employees and retirees, and medical cost inflation and medical care utilisation.  To the extent that any of those 
variables change, the funding required for those plans/schemes may increase, adversely affecting our results of 
operations and cash flow.  
With respect to our other post-employment benefit obligations in the U.S., we face the following additional risks: 
• 
we currently fund, and expect to be able to continue to fund, our U.S. post-employment healthcare and 
group life insurance costs for our formerly represented retirees through transfers of excess pension assets 
from our (U.S.) formerly represented pension plan, as permitted under Section 420 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code. Section 420 currently provides that no transfers of excess pension assets may be made 
after 31 December 2032; and 
• 
we currently provide post-employment group life insurance coverage for a closed group of former non-
represented employees who meet stated age and service criteria. This benefit obligation is largely insured 
through an experience-rated group life insurance policy issued by a reputable insurer, the premiums for 
which are paid from a voluntary employees’ beneficiary association (veba) trust. Based on current 
actuarial and return-on-asset assumptions and the present level and structure of this group life insurance 
obligation, we believe that we can continue to fund the premiums for this policy from the veba trust and 
from transfers of excess pension assets from our (U.S.) non-represented pension plan, as permitted under 
Section 420 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code As noted above, Section 420 currently provides that no 
transfers of excess pension assets may be made after 31 December 2032. 
If the risks described above in connection with pension and post-employment costs materialise, our business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected which could, in turn, affect 
our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Notes. 
The carrying amount of our goodwill may not be recoverable.  
We assess the carrying amount of goodwill annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances 
indicate that such carrying amount may not be recoverable.  We assess the carrying amount of other identifiable 
assets if events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable, for 
instance, if we would not generate revenues from our businesses as anticipated, or if our businesses would not 
generate sufficient positive operating cash flows.  These, or other factors, may lead to a decrease in the value of 
our assets, including intangible assets and the goodwill attributed to our businesses, resulting in impairment 
charges that may adversely affect our net profit for the year.  While we believe the estimated recoverable values 
are reasonable, actual performance in the short and long-term and our assumptions on which we base our 
calculations could materially differ from our forecasts, which could impact future estimates of our businesses’ 
recoverable values, and may result in impairment charges.  This could adversely affect our business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects which could, in turn, affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under 
the Notes. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under 
the Programme  
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common such features:

--- Page 41 ---
31 
 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
In accordance with Condition 9, the Issuer will, in certain circumstances set out therein, have the right to redeem 
the Notes prior to their maturity date.  An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value 
because, during any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate (or through taking on a greater credit risk).  As this would shorten the length of investment, potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risks in light of other investments available at that time. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest basis may affect 
the secondary market and the market value of such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower 
interest return for Noteholders.  Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes 
tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other 
Notes.  Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes.  
Depending on the Notes issued, a potential investor will need to consider the risk related to investing in a fixed or 
floating instrument.  
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.  If Notes are issued at a substantial discount 
or premium, potential investors should consider that the price of their investment may be more volatile.  
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such 
“benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”, including, EURIBOR, STIBOR and NIBOR, are 
the subject of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform.  Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented.  These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be fully predicted 
which introduce a number of risks and could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing 
such a “benchmark”.  These risks include (i) legal risks arising from potential changes required to documentation 
for new and existing transactions; (ii) financial risks arising from any changes in the valuation of financial 
instruments linked to benchmark rates; (iii) pricing risks arising from how changes to benchmark indices could 
impact pricing mechanisms on some instruments; (iv) operational risks arising from the potential requirement to 
adapt IT systems, trade reporting infrastructure and operational processes; and (v) conduct risks arising from the 
potential impact of communication with customers and engagement during the transition period.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the European Union.  Among 
other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a 
“benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply 
with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.  Such changes could, among other things, have the 
effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”.  
A Benchmark could also be discontinued as a result of the failure by a Benchmark administrator to be authorised

--- Page 42 ---
32 
 
or registered (or, if based outside the European Union, to be deemed equivalent or recognised or otherwise 
endorsed). 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
“benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The working group on euro risk free-rates for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing 
to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro 
area financial system.  On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on 
EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates.  
These factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the “benchmark”; (ii) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark”; and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the “benchmark”.  
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
linked to or referencing (in whole or in part) a “benchmark”. 
The replacement benchmarks, and the timing of and mechanisms for implementation have not yet been confirmed 
by Central Banks.  Accordingly, it is not currently possible to determine whether, or to what extent, any such 
changes would affect the Group.  However, the implementation of alternative benchmark rates may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Furthermore, in certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest 
for a particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used.  
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was 
last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation or any national or international reforms and the possible application 
of the benchmark replacement provisions of the Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”.   
Benchmark discontinuation under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark 
Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (as applicable) occurs in respect of the Original Reference Rate for the 
relevant series of Notes, including (without limitation) if an inter-bank offered rate (such as EURIBOR, STIBOR 
or NIBOR) or other relevant reference rate (which could include, without limitation, any mid-swap rate), and/or 
any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other successor service), becomes unavailable.  
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a Successor 
Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or a Benchmark Replacement (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions) 
together with the application of an Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (each as defined 
in the Terms and Conditions) (which could be positive, negative or zero), and may include amendments to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the new benchmark, all as determined by the 
Issuer (acting in good faith and in consultation with an Independent Adviser) and as more fully described at 
Condition 7(n) or 7(o), as applicable. It is possible that the adoption of a Successor Rate, Alternative Reference 
Rate or Benchmark Replacement, including any Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, may 
result in a Rate of Interest less favourable to holders than the Original Reference Rate.  
No consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or any other related adjustments and/or amendments 
described above. 
There is also a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as expected or as intended at the relevant 
time.

--- Page 43 ---
33 
 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates for 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes identifies that the Reference Rate for such 
Notes will be determined by reference to SONIA or SOFR, the Rate of Interest will be determined on the basis of 
the relevant reference rate (as further described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). All such rates are based 
on ‘overnight rates’. Overnight rates differ from inter-bank offered rates, such as EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR 
in a number of material respects, including (without limitation) that such rates are backwards-looking, risk-free 
overnight rates, whereas EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR are expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term 
and include a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that overnight rates 
may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for Notes issued under the Programme compared to 
inter-bank offered rates. The use of overnight rates as reference rates for Eurobonds is nascent and is subject to 
continued change and development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and 
adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such overnight rates. 
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes referencing any overnight rates should be aware that the market 
continues to develop in relation to such rates in the capital markets and their adoption as an alternative to inter-
bank offered rates such as EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR. Market participants, industry groups and/or central 
bank-led working groups have explored compounded and weighted average rates and observation methodologies 
for such rates (including so-called ‘shift’, ‘lag’, ‘lookback’ and ‘lock-out’ methodologies). Forward-looking 
‘term’ reference rates derived from these overnight rates have also been, or are being, developed. The adoption of 
overnight rates may also see component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates transferring from 
EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR or another reference rate to an overnight rate.  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt overnight rates in a way that differs significantly from those 
set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In addition, the methodology for determining any overnight rate 
index by reference to which the Rate of Interest in respect of certain Notes may be calculated could change during 
the life of any Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer may in the future issue Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR that 
differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA- or SOFR-
referenced Notes issued by it under the Programme. The continued development of overnight rates as interest 
reference rates for the Eurobond markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in 
reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise adversely affect the market price of any such Notes 
issued under the Programme from time to time.  
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest on Notes which reference overnight rates is only capable of being determined 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference 
overnight rates to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors 
may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could 
adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR based Notes, 
if Notes referencing an overnight rate become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 
13 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest 
Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall only be determined immediately 
prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable.  
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of overnight rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
when compared with the application and adoption of the same overnight rates for the same currencies in other 
markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between 
the adoption of overnight rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements 
which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing overnight 
rates. Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
such Notes. 
Step Up Notes and Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics 
In February 2023, the Issuer adopted the Sustainability-Linked Framework relating to its sustainability strategy 
and targets to, inter alia, foster the best market practices and present a unified and coherent suite of sustainability-
linked financing instruments  (available on the Issuer’s website at https://www.nokia.com/about-
us/investors/debt-information/debt-downloads/) in accordance with the SLBP administered by ICMA and the 
SLLP administered by the LMA. The Sustainability-Linked Framework was reviewed by Sustainalytics, which 
provided an independent assessment second party opinion (available on the Issuer’s website at

--- Page 44 ---
34 
 
https://www.nokia.com/about-us/investors/debt-information/debt-downloads/) on, inter alia, the Sustainability-
Linked Framework’s transparency and governance and confirmed the alignment with the SLBP and the SLLP 
(together with other second party opinions that may be issued from time to time in connection with the 
Sustainability-Linked Framework, the “Second Party Opinion”). 
The Second Party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market and 
other factors that may affect the value of Step Up Notes or Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes issued under 
the Programme. The Second Party Opinion does not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and is only current as of its date. A withdrawal of the Second Party Opinion may affect the value of Step Up Notes 
or Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in sustainability-linked assets. In particular, if the Second Party Opinion is withdrawn, there 
might be no independent analysis of the Issuer’s definitions of GHG Emissions (Scope 1), GHG Emissions (Scope 
2) and GHG Emissions (Scope 3) or how such definitions relate to any sustainability-related standards other than 
the relevant External Verifier’s confirmation of the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI Amount in relation to any GHGe 
Scope 1+2+3 Threshold Determination Year. The Issuer does not assume any obligation or responsibility to 
release any update or revision to the Sustainability-Linked Framework and/or information to reflect events or 
circumstances after the date of publication of the Sustainability-Linked Framework and, therefore, an update or a 
revision of the Second Party Opinion may or may not be requested of Sustainalytics or other providers of second 
party opinions. The Issuer may release an update or a revision of the Sustainability-Linked Framework and obtain 
an update or a revision of the Second Party Opinion from Sustainalytics or other providers of second party 
opinions. Any such update or revision of the Sustainability-Linked Framework and update or revision of the 
Second Party Opinion will be published on the Issuer’s website and will replace the current Sustainability-Linked 
Framework and Second Party Opinion. 
Moreover, providers of second party opinions and providers of similar opinions, reports and certifications are not 
currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any such opinion, report or certification 
is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Second Party 
Opinion provider, the External Verifier or any other person to buy, sell or hold Step Up Notes or Sustainability-
Linked Redemption Notes. No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealers as 
to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report, certification or validation of any 
third party in connection with the offering of any Step Up Notes or Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes or 
the sustainability performance targets set to fulfil any green, social, sustainability, sustainability linked and/or 
other criteria. Noteholders have no recourse against the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers or the provider 
of any such opinion or certification for the contents of any such opinion or certification, which is only current as 
at the date it was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such 
opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in the Step Up Notes or Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes. 
Any such second party opinion, report or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or 
form part of this Prospectus. 
Furthermore, although the interest rate relating to Step Up Notes is subject to upward adjustment and a premium 
payment may be payable by the Issuer in respect of the Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes in certain 
circumstances as specified in the Terms and Conditions, such Step Up Notes and/or Sustainability-Linked 
Redemption Notes may not satisfy an investor’s requirements or any future legal or quasi legal standards for 
investment in assets with sustainability characteristics and no representation is made by the Issuer, the Arranger 
or the relevant Dealers as to the suitability of such Step Up Notes and/or Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes 
to fulfil environmental or sustainability criteria required by prospective investors. In addition, Step Up Notes or 
Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes are not being marketed as green bonds since the Issuer expects to use 
the relevant net proceeds for general corporate purposes and therefore the Issuer does not intend to allocate the 
net proceeds specifically to projects or business activities meeting environmental or sustainability criteria, or to 
be subject to any other limitations associated with green bonds. 
Even though the European Central Bank (“ECB”) announced on 22 September 2020 that notes with coupons 
linked to sustainability performance targets will become eligible as collateral for Eurosystem credit operations 
from 1 January 2021, there is currently no generally accepted definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) or 
codification of, or market consensus as to, what constitutes or may be classified as “sustainability-linked notes”. 
A basis for the determination of what may constitute a “sustainable” project has been established in the EU with 
the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation”) on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”). 
The EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the

--- Page 45 ---
35 
 
European Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental 
objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. Until all the technical screening criteria for 
the objectives of the EU Sustainable Taxonomy have been finalised, it is not known whether the Sustainability-
Linked Framework will satisfy those criteria. Accordingly, alignment with the EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy, once the technical screening criteria are established, is not certain and no assurance is or can be given 
to investors by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers, Sustainalytics, any other second-party opinion providers or 
the External Verifier that the Step Up Notes and/or Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes will meet any or all 
investor expectations regarding such Notes or the Group’s targets qualifying as “green”, “social”, “sustainable” 
or “sustainability-linked” or that no other adverse consequences will occur in connection with the Group striving 
to achieve, or failing to achieve, such targets. As such, the Step Up Notes and/or Sustainability-Linked 
Redemption Notes may not satisfy an investor’s requirements, market principles or any future legal or regulatory 
or other standards for investment in instruments with coupons linked to sustainability performance targets or 
instruments with sustainability characteristics in general. There is no assurance that the ECB will accept the Step 
Up Notes and/or Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes as eligible collateral and/or may, at any time, 
discontinue acceptance of the Step Up Notes and/or Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes as eligible collateral 
due to the nature of the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Event, the conditions or manner in which the interest rate relating to 
Step Up Notes is subject to upward adjustment and a premium payment may be payable by the Issuer in respect 
of the Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes are applied, or due to a change in collateral rules which the ECB 
may apply at any time. 
In the event that any such Notes qualified as Step Up Notes or Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes are listed 
or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled 
segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is 
given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in 
part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines 
with which such investor or its investments are required to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria 
for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. 
No representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that 
any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes.  
The interest rate in respect of any Step Up Notes and the premium payment in respect of any Sustainability-Linked 
Redemption Notes depends on definitions of GHG Emissions (Scope 1), GHG Emissions (Scope 2) and GHG 
Emissions (Scope 3) (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) that may be inconsistent with 
investor requirements or expectations or other definitions relevant to greenhouse gas emissions.  
Although the Issuer targets decreasing its direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions, there can be no assurance 
of the extent to which it will be successful in doing so or that any future investments it makes in furtherance of 
these targets will meet investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability 
performance, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact. In particular, GHG Emissions (Scope 3) constitute a significantly higher quantity 
of the emissions of the Issuer in scope of its SPT than its GHG Emissions (Scope 1) and GHG Emissions (Scope 
2). GHG Emissions (Scope 3) comprise indirect emissions as a consequence of the activities of the Issuer, but 
from sources not owned or controlled by the Issuer. The ability of the Issuer to meet its SPT is therefore heavily 
dependent on the activities of third parties, such as whether its suppliers and customers opt or continue to use 
renewable energy. Adverse environmental or social impacts may occur during the design, construction and 
operation of any investments the Issuer makes in furtherance of this target or such investments may become 
controversial or criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders. No Event of Default shall occur under any Step 
Up Notes or Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes, nor will the Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem 
such Step Up Notes or Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes (as applicable), if it fails to satisfy any 
requirements of the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Condition. The application of interest step up or payment of a redemption 
premium amount may not sufficiently compensate the investor for any losses suffered in terms of any change in 
market price of such Step Up Notes or Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes in case of the occurrence of any 
relevant GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Event. 
The Step Up Notes and the Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes include certain triggers linked to 
sustainability key performance indicators 
The Step Up Notes and the Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes include certain triggers linked to 
sustainability key performance indicators such as greenhouse gas emissions (see “Step Up Notes and

--- Page 46 ---
36 
 
Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to 
assets with sustainability characteristics”) which must be complied with by Nokia, and in respect of which a Step 
Up Option (in the case of Step Up Notes) and/or Sustainability-Linked Redemption Option (in the case of 
Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes) applies. The failure to meet such sustainability key performance 
indicators will result in increased interest amounts under the Step Up Notes or a requirement to make payment of 
a premium amount upon redemption under the Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes and, in case of a 
redemption pursuant to Condition 9(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Make-Whole)), an increased 
redemption amount for both the Step Up Notes and the Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes, which would 
increase the Group’s cost of funding and which could have a material adverse effect on the Group, its business 
prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations. 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, a GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Event may occur if, amongst other things, 
the Group’s greenhouse gas emissions (GHG Emissions (Scope 1), GHG Emissions (Scope 2) and GHG 
Emissions (Scope 3), each as more fully described in the Terms and Conditions) in respect of the GHGe Scope 
1+2+3 Threshold Determination Year specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus are greater 
than the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Threshold Percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus by comparison to the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Reference Base. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
permit the Issuer to recalculate the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Reference Base and/or the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Threshold 
Percentage upon the occurrence of a Recalculation Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
including without limitation significant changes in: (i) the calculation methodology of the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 
KPI; (ii) applicable laws, regulations, official rules, guidelines and policies which are required for the 
determination of the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI and/or the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Threshold Percentage; (iii) data due 
to better data accessibility and accuracy or discovery of data errors; or (iv) structural changes to the Group as a 
result of acquisitions or disposals. Accordingly, while any such redetermination must be included in the Relevant 
Determination Report disclosed in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and confirmed by the External 
Verifier in the Assurance Report, any redetermination may increase the volume of carbon dioxide used as a 
baseline or the actual volume of carbon dioxide recorded for each GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Threshold Determination 
Year, and therefore respectively increase the volume of carbon dioxide that may be produced by the Issuer Group 
while still being able to satisfy the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Condition and avoid the occurrence of a GHGe Scope 
1+2+3 Event, or decrease the total volume of reduction in greenhouses gases that needs to be achieved by the 
Issuer Group in order to satisfy such GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Condition and avoid the occurrence of a GHGe Scope 
1+2+3 Event. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally:   
Modification and waivers 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or by 
use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally.  These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote 
at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.  As a result, decisions 
might be taken by the holders of such defined majorities of the Notes that are contrary to the preferences of any 
particular investor in the Notes or with which some holders of such Notes may not agree. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded 
in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, 
as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in 
their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of 
such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such 
that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders of the Notes should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult 
to trade.

--- Page 47 ---
37 
 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk:   
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market does develop, 
it may not be very liquid.  Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market.  This is 
particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed 
for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of a 
single investor or limited categories of investors.  These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities.  Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Notes and an investment by holders. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency 
may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease: (i) the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes; (ii) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes; and (iii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent 
market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes.  
As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks  
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes.  The trading price of an investment in the Notes will vary with the 
fluctuations of the interest rates.  If an investor in the Notes tries to sell such investment, then they might receive 
an offer that is less than the amount invested. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes.  The ratings may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the credit rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  Such general restriction will also apply in the case 
of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  The list 
of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) 
on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the 
EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as 
there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation.  As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency

--- Page 48 ---
38 
 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.  In the case of ratings issued by third country 
non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK-registered credit 
rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation.  Note this is subject, in each case, to (i) the relevant UK registration, certification or 
endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (ii) transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in 
the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment.  This may result in 
relevant regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity on any 
secondary market.  Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover 
of this Base Prospectus.  
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments  
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (a) Notes are legal investments for it, (b) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (c) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.  An investor must understand any limitation on its investment 
activities prior to investing in the Notes.

--- Page 49 ---
39 
 
FINAL TERMS, DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES AND SUPPLEMENTS 
In this section, the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the information 
which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, 
profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance 
and its impact on the Issuer.  In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme 
from time to time, the Issuer has endeavoured to include in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information, 
except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can 
only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus, and which is required in order 
to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes, will be contained either in the relevant 
Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus.  
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche of Notes only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus.  
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are 
the Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary information 
relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes.  The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or 
replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus.  In the case of a Tranche of Notes which 
is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified 
or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus, unless the context requires otherwise. 
In the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included 
in this Base Prospectus and whose inclusion or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of 
allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and 
losses and prospects of the Issuer and/or the rights attaching to the Notes, the Issuer will prepare a supplement to 
this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with such Notes and any subsequent 
issue of Notes.

--- Page 50 ---
40 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and have been filed with Euronext Dublin or approved by the Central Bank, shall be incorporated in, 
and form part of, this Base Prospectus:   
(a) the audited consolidated annual financial statements and auditor’s report of the Issuer for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2021, which form part of the Issuer’s annual accounts for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2021 and which can be found at pages 124 to 193 (inclusive) and pages 212 to 215 
(inclusive), respectively, of such annual accounts (https://www.nokia.com/system/files/2022-03/nokia-
ar21-en.pdf);  
(b) the audited consolidated annual financial statements and auditor’s report of the Issuer for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2022, which form part of the Issuer’s annual accounts for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2022 and which can be found at pages 132 to 197 (inclusive) and pages 216 to 219 
(inclusive), respectively, of such annual accounts (https://www.nokia.com/system/files/2023-03/nokia-
annual-report-2022.pdf);  
(c) the note entitled ‘2. Segment Information’ and the section entitled ‘Performance Measures’ from the 
unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer, which form part of the Issuer’s financial 
report for the three months and the financial year ended 31 December 2022 and which can be found at 
pages 20 to 21 (inclusive) and pages 28 to 32 (inclusive) of such financial report 
(https://www.nokia.com/system/files/2023-01/nokia_results_2022_q4.pdf); 
(d) the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer, which form part of the Issuer’s 
financial report as at and for the three month period ended 31 March 2023 and which can be found at 
pages 13 to 27 (inclusive) of such financial report (https://www.nokia.com/system/files/2023-
04/nokia_results_2023_q1.pdf); 
(e) the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which can be found at pages 41 to 63 (inclusive) of the Base 
Prospectus dated 21 February 2017, prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme 
(https://www.nokia.com/sites/default/files/2018-11/Base_Prospectus_dated_21_February_2017.pdf);  
(f) the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which can be found at pages 39 to 61 (inclusive) of the Base 
Prospectus dated 1 March 2019, prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme 
(https://www.nokia.com/sites/default/files/2019-03/Nokia%20-
%20Base%20Prospectus%2C%20dated%201%20March%202019.pdf);  
(g) the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which can be found at pages 44 to 68 (inclusive) of the Base 
Prospectus dated 27 March 2020, prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme 
(https://www.nokia.com/sites/default/files/2020-
03/Base%20Prospectus%20dated%2027%20March%202020.pdf); and 
(h) the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which can be found at pages 14 to 42 (inclusive) of the 
Supplementary Prospectus dated 9 February 2023, prepared by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme 
(https://www.nokia.com/sites/default/files/2023-02/supplementary_prospectus_nokia_-
09_02_2023.pdf). 
The financial statements referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) above are prepared on the basis of International 
Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board and in conformity with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union.  The same accounting policies 
and methods of computation are followed in the financial statements referred to in paragraph (b) above as were 
followed in the financial statements referred to in paragraph (a) above other than as described within the notes to 
the financial statements and in “Certain Definitions and Presentation of Financial and Other 
Information―Changes in Accounting Standards” above. 
In addition to our reported IFRS results, we provide certain information on comparable (until the fourth quarter 
of 2020 non-IFRS) and constant currency basis. The primary rationale for presenting these measures is that Nokia 
believes that these measures provide meaningful supplemental information to both management and investors on 
the underlying business performance of Nokia. Comparable measures exclude intangible asset amortisation and 
other purchase price fair value adjustments, goodwill impairments, restructuring related charges and certain other 
items affecting comparability. Constant currency measures exclude the impact of changes in exchange rates in

--- Page 51 ---
41 
 
comparison to euro, our reporting currency. Neither comparable nor constant currency financial measures should 
be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information presented in compliance with IFRS, 
but should be used in conjunction with the corresponding IFRS measure(s) in the reported results.  See “Forward 
Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors” for a more complete discussion of certain of the factors that could affect 
our future performance and results of operations. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.  Where only certain parts of the documents referred to 
above are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, those parts of the documents that are not 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus are either not relevant for investors or are covered elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus.  Other than information and documents that are deemed to be incorporated by reference 
herein, the above websites shall not form a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by 
the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this 
Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered office 
or website of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent for the time being in London. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
issue of Notes.

--- Page 52 ---
42 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES  
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) will initially be in the form of either a temporary global 
note in bearer form (the “Temporary Global Note”), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note in 
bearer form (the “Permanent Global Note”), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.  Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a “Global Note”) 
which is not intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg 
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended 
to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States 
Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the “TEFRA C Rules”) or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity 
of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership.  No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused.  In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes 
cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of 
such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent 
exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against:   
(i) presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership,  
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no circumstances shall 
the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary Global 
Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive 
form (“Definitive Notes”):   
(i) on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note”, then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in 
Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the

--- Page 53 ---
43 
 
Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the 
form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership.  Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes:   
(i) on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note”, then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in 
Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the 
Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the 
terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the provisions of the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions Relating 
to the Notes while in Global Form” below.

--- Page 54 ---
44 
 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Bearer Notes in global 
form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the 
following effect:   
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income 
tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code”. 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either individual Note Certificates in registered 
form (“Individual Note Certificates”) or a global Note in registered form (a “Global Registered Note”), in each 
case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Each Global Registered Note which is not intended to be held under 
the New Safekeeping Structure, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the 
relevant issue date with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and registered in the name of a nominee for such depositary and will be 
exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its terms.  Each Global Registered Note which 
is intended to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will, on or 
about the relevant issue date, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system (which is authorised to hold such 
Notes as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations) and be deposited with 
a nominee for such clearing system and will be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with 
its terms. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Individual Note Certificates”, then the Notes will 
at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect of their respective 
holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Global Registered Note exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Note which will 
be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates:   
(i) on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) if the relevant Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Global Registered 
Note”, then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in 
Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall procure 
that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered holder of 
the Global Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such 
Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in whose names 
the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person’s holding) 
against the surrender of the Global Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar.  Such exchange will 
be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the regulations concerning the transfer 
and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without charge to any holder, but 
against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which 
may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual Note 
Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below 
and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms relating to the relevant Notes.

--- Page 55 ---
45 
 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Note will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below.

--- Page 56 ---
46 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be 
endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme.  The terms and conditions applicable to 
any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in 
definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” 
below. 
1. Introduction 
(a) Programme: Nokia Corporation (the “Issuer”) has established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to EUR 5,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of notes 
(the “Notes”). 
(b) Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes.  Each Tranche is the subject of a final 
terms (each a “Final Terms”) which supplements these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”).  The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by 
the relevant Final Terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated issue and paying agency 
agreement dated 14 June 2022 (as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
“Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent (the 
“Fiscal Agent”, which expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes), Citibank Europe plc as registrar (the “Registrar”), and the paying agent 
named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression includes any 
successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the 
transfer agent named therein (together with the Registrar, the “Transfer Agents”, which expression 
includes any successor or additional transfer agents appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Notes).  In these Conditions references to the “Agents” are to the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents 
and any reference to an “Agent” is to any one of them.   
(d) Deed of Covenant: The Notes may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”), or in registered 
form (“Registered Notes”).  Registered Notes are constituted by a deed of covenant dated 27 March 
2020 (as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”) 
entered into by the Issuer. 
(e) The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the 
subject of the relevant Final Terms.  Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing at the 
registered office of the Issuer and of the Fiscal Agent and copies may be obtained from those offices save 
that, if this Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor 
offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, the relevant Final Terms will only be obtainable by a 
Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the 
Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity.  
(f) Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and are 
subject to their detailed provisions.  The holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders”) and the holders of the 
related interest coupons, if any (the “Couponholders” and the “Coupons”, respectively) are bound by, 
and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them.  Copies 
of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at 
the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out 
below. 
2. Interpretation 
(a) Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings:   
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 57 ---
47 
 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Business Day” means:   
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a T2 Settlement Day and a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings:   
(i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) “Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date 
in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; 
provided, however, that:   
(A) if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any such 
date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that 
calendar month; 
(B) if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date 
will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; 
and 
(C) if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day 
in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month in 
which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Calculation Period” means, in respect of any calculation of interest, the period from (and including) 
the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) 
the relevant payment date;

--- Page 58 ---
48 
 
“Coupon Sheet” means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any Calculation Period, 
such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and:   
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means:   
(A) where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which it 
falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(B) where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of:   
(1) the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (x) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (y) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(2) the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular Period 
divided by the product of (x) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (y) 
the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360” is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 
calculated on a formula basis as follows:   
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛=
[360𝑋(𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30𝑋(𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where:   
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;   
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;  
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified means the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 59 ---
49 
 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛=
[360𝑋(𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30𝑋(𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where:   
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;   
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;  
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, means the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:   
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛=
[360𝑋(𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30𝑋(𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where:   
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;   
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;  
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and  
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31 and in which case D2 will be 30; 
“Designated Maturity” means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate; 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
“EURIBOR” means the Euro inter-bank offered rate; 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 60 ---
50 
 
“First Interest Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time; 
“IFRS” means the international financial reporting standards formulated by the International Accounting 
Standards Board; 
“Indebtedness” means (without double counting) any indebtedness in respect of:   
(i) 
moneys borrowed or raised; 
(ii) 
any debenture, bond, note, loan stock, commercial paper or similar instrument; 
(iii) any acceptance credit, bill discounting, note purchase or documentary credit facility; 
(iv) 
any payment obligations under any leases which would in accordance with IFRS be treated as 
finance or capital leases; 
(v) 
any receivables purchase, factoring or discounting arrangement under which there is recourse 
in whole or in part to any member of the Group; 
(vi) 
any other transaction having the commercial effect of a borrowing and which would, in 
accordance with IFRS, be treated as a borrowing; or 
(vii) any guarantees or other legally binding assurance against financial loss in respect of the 
indebtedness of any person arising under an obligation falling within paragraphs (i) to (vi) 
above; 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Date” means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified 
as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business 
Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms:   
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period 
of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date (or the relevant 
payment date, if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date); 
“Intra-Group Debt” means any indebtedness owed by a member of the Group to another member of 
the Group; 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 61 ---
51 
 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Meeting” means a meeting of Noteholders (whether originally convened or resumed following an 
adjournment); 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“NIBOR” means the Norwegian inter-bank offered rate; 
“Non-recourse Securitisation” means any securitisation, asset backed financing or similar transaction 
under which a Securitisation Entity on commercially reasonable terms:   
(i) 
acquires receivables or other assets for principally cash consideration or uses existing 
receivables or other assets; 
(ii) 
issues any notes, bonds, commercial paper, loans or other securities (whether or not listed on a 
recognised stock exchange) to fund the purchase of or otherwise backed by those receivables or 
other assets and/or any shares or other interests referred to in paragraph (ii) of the definition of 
“Permitted Security Interest” and the payment obligations in respect of such notes, bonds, 
commercial paper, loans or other securities:   
(A) are secured directly on those receivables or other assets; and 
(B) are not guaranteed by any member of the Group (other than as a result of any Permitted 
Security Interest); 
“Non-recourse Securitisation Debt” means any Indebtedness incurred by a Securitisation Entity 
pursuant to a securitisation of receivables or other assets where the recourse in respect of that 
Indebtedness to any member of the Group (other than the Securitisation Entity) is limited to:   
(i) 
those receivables and/or other assets; and 
(ii) 
if those receivables or other assets comprise all or substantially all of the business of such 
Securitisation Entity, the shares or other interests of any member(s) of the Group in such 
Securitisation Entity; 
“Noteholder”, in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, 
Denomination and Title — Title to Bearer Notes) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning 
given in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination and Title — Title to Registered Notes); 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Participating Member State” means a Member State of the European Communities which adopts the 
euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
“Payment Business Day” means:   
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is:   
(A) a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a T2 Settlement Day and a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; or

--- Page 62 ---
52 
 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is:   
(A) a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment 
and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
“Permitted Security Interest” means any Security Interest over:   
(i) 
the assets or revenues of a Securitisation Entity which are subject to a Non-recourse 
Securitisation as security for Non-recourse Securitisation Debt raised by such Securitisation 
Entity in respect of such assets and revenues; and/or 
(ii) 
the shares or other interests owned by any member of the Group in any Securitisation Entity as 
security for Non-recourse Securitisation Debt raised by such Securitisation Entity provided that 
the assets or revenues which are the subject of the relevant Non-recourse Securitisation 
comprise all or substantially all of the business of such Securitisation Entity; 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that:   
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by 
the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the case 
of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
“Principal Subsidiary” means a Subsidiary of the Issuer whose net sales (consolidated in the case of a 
Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) or whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary 
which itself has Subsidiaries) represent not less than ten per cent. of the consolidated net sales of the 
Group or the consolidated total assets of the Group, as the case may be, in each case:   
(i) 
as shown in the latest published audited or unaudited consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries; and 
(ii) 
adjusted to take account of any significant changes in circumstances resulting from any transfers 
between members of the Group or any acquisitions made by members of the Group since the 
date as at which such financial statements were prepared; 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the 
option of the Noteholder; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount, the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of 
a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 63 ---
53 
 
“Reference Banks” means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely 
connected with the Reference Rate; 
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Regular Period” means:   
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
“Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment 
Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (i) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (ii) if the full amount payable has not been received by the 
Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any Indebtedness (other than Non-Recourse Securitisation Debt) which 
is in the form of or represented by any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or 
other instrument which is listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market 
(including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market) or held in a securities clearance system; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal:   
(i) 
to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce 
the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes or to alter the 
method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes on redemption or 
maturity or the date for any such payment; 
(ii) 
to effect the exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes into, 
shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person or body 
corporate formed or to be formed; 
(iii) to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Notes are payable; 
(iv) 
to change the quorum required at any Meeting or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution; or

--- Page 64 ---
54 
 
(v) 
to amend this definition;  
“Securitisation Entity” means any special purpose vehicle created for the sole purpose of carrying out, 
or otherwise used for the purpose of carrying out, a Non-recourse Securitisation or any other member of 
the Group which is effecting Non-recourse Securitisations;  
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, assignment by way of security, pledge, lien or other 
security interest securing any obligation of any person or any other agreement or arrangement having a 
similar effect;  
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“STIBOR” means the Stockholm inter-bank offered rate; 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person (the “first Person”) at any particular time, any other 
Person (the “second Person”):   
(i) 
which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by the first Person; 
(ii) 
more than half the issued share capital of which is beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by 
the first Person; or 
(iii) which is a subsidiary of another subsidiary of the first Person;  
and, for these purposes, the second Person shall be treated as being controlled by the first Person if the 
first Person is able to direct its affairs and/or to control the composition of its board of directors or 
equivalent body;  
“T2” means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System or any 
successor or replacement for that system;  
“T2 Settlement Day” means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro; 
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons;  
“Treaty” means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended; and  
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) Interpretation: In these Conditions:   
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions;

--- Page 65 ---
55 
 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; 
(vii) if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Interpretation — Definitions) to have the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or 
specifies that such expression is “not applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the 
Notes; and 
(viii) any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes. 
3. Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) Bearer Notes: Bearer Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue.  In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes with 
more than one Specified Denomination, Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) Title to Bearer Notes: Title to Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery.  In the case of Bearer 
Notes, “Holder” means the holder of such Bearer Note and “Noteholder” and “Couponholder” shall 
be construed accordingly. 
(c) Registered Notes: Registered Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum 
denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(d) Title to Registered Notes: The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement.  A certificate (each a “Note Certificate”) will be issued to each Holder of 
Registered Notes in respect of its registered holding.  Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially 
with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register.  In the case of Registered Notes, 
“Holder” means the person in whose name such Registered Note is for the time being registered in the 
Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and “Noteholder” shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(e) Ownership: The Holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, 
trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or, in the case of Registered Notes, on the Note 
Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous loss 
or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder.  No person shall have any right 
to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) Transfers of Registered Notes: Subject to Conditions 3(i) (Form, Denomination and Title — Closed 
periods) and 3(j) (Form, Denomination and Title —  Regulations concerning transfers and registration) 
below, a Registered Note may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant Note Certificate, with the 
endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, 
together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably 
require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the individuals who have executed the form 
of transfer; provided, however, that a Registered Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount 
of Registered Notes transferred and (where not all of the Registered Notes held by a Holder are being 
transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered Notes not transferred are Specified 
Denominations.  Where not all the Registered Notes represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are 
the subject of the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the balance of the Registered Notes will 
be issued to the transferor. 
(g) Registration and delivery of Note Certificates: Within five business days of the surrender of a Note 
Certificate in accordance with Condition 3(f) (Form, Denomination and Title — Transfers of Registered 
Notes), the Registrar will register the transfer in question and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like 
principal amount to the Registered Notes transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or

--- Page 66 ---
56 
 
(as the case may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such 
relevant Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose 
by such relevant Holder.  In this Condition 3(g), “business day” means a day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city where the 
Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) No charge: The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as the case may 
be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may 
be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(i) Closed periods: Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days 
ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
(j) Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Notes and entries on the 
Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Notes scheduled to 
the Agency Agreement.  The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval 
of the Registrar.  A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any 
Noteholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. Status of the Notes 
The Notes constitute direct, general and unconditional obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank 
pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and 
of general application. 
5. Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall procure that none of its 
Principal Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest upon the whole or any part of its 
present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes equally and rateably therewith 
or (b) providing such other security for the Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of 
Noteholders. 
6. Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) Application: This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments — 
Bearer Notes) or Condition 11 (Payments — Registered Notes).  Each Note will cease to bear interest 
from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition 6 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on 
which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that 
it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there 
is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. 
(d) Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for 
which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided

--- Page 67 ---
57 
 
by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than 
euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
7. Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments — 
Bearer Notes) or Condition 11 (Payments — Registered Notes).  Each Note will cease to bear interest 
from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition 7(b) (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on 
which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is five days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it 
has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such fifth day (except to the extent that there is 
any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate: This Condition 7(c) applies where “Term Rate” is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
The Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the following basis:   
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(iii) if, in the case of Condition 7(c)(i), such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of 
Condition 7(c)(ii), fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable:   
(A) the Issuer or an agent appointed by it will request the principal Relevant Financial Centre 
office of each of the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time and the Issuer or an agent appointed by it shall notify 
the Calculation Agent of all quotations received by it; and 
(B) the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted to the Issuer upon request (and notified to the 
Calculation Agent by the Issuer) by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the 
relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if no rates or (as the case may 
be) no arithmetic mean can be determined in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any 
Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum 
of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period.

--- Page 68 ---
58 
 
(d) Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate – Compounded Daily SONIA – Non-Index Determination: 
This Condition 7(d) applies where the relevant Final Terms specifies: (1) “Overnight Rate” as being 
applicable; (2) “Compounded Daily SONIA” as the Reference Rate; and (3) “Index Determination” as 
being not applicable. 
(i) 
The Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 7(n) (Floating Rate 
Note Provisions - Benchmark Replacement) and as provided below, be Compounded Daily 
SONIA with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate 
as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the 
relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
where: 
“d”  
is the number of calendar days in: 
(i)  
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“D”  
is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 365); 
“do”   
means: 
(i)  
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days 
in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i”  
is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day to, and including, the last London Banking Day, in:  
(i)  
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 69 ---
59 
 
“London Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
“ni”  
for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such London Banking Day “i” up to (but excluding) the 
following London Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means the period from (and including) the date falling “p” 
London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period to 
(but excluding) the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to (A) (in the case of 
an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) (in the 
case of any other Interest Accrual Period) the date on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due;  
“p”  
means: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days 
specified as the “Lag Period” in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is so specified, five London Banking Days); or 
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days 
specified as the “Observation Shift Period” in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five London Banking 
Days); 
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Banking Day (“LBDx”), is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for 
such LBDx as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and 
as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the London 
Banking Day immediately following LBDx; and 
“SONIAi” means the SONIA reference rate for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the London Banking Day falling “p” 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day 
“i”; or  
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day “i”. 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 7(n) (Floating Rate Note Provisions - Benchmark Replacement), if, where 
any Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to Condition 7(d)(i) above, in respect of any 
London Banking Day on which an applicable SONIA reference rate is required to be 
determined, such SONIA reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or 
has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the SONIA 
reference rate in respect of such London Banking Day shall be the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent as:  
(A) the sum of (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) (or, if earlier, close of business) on such London Banking Day; and (ii) the 
mean of the spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five

--- Page 70 ---
60 
 
London Banking Days in respect of which a SONIA reference rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of 
those lowest spreads); or 
(B) if the Bank Rate under (B)(i) above is not available at the relevant time, either (x) the 
SONIA reference rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day in respect 
of which the SONIA reference rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) or (y) if this is more recent, the 
latest rate determined under (A) above, 
and, in each case, references to “SONIA reference rate” in Condition 7(d)(i) above shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(iii) In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 7(d), and without prejudice to Condition 7(n) (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions - Benchmark Replacement), the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date on which the Rate of 
Interest was so determined (though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate 
of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating 
to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to that last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period); or  
(B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first scheduled Interest Period 
had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the first scheduled Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (applying the 
Margin and, if applicable, any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, 
applicable to the first scheduled Interest Period), 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(e) Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate – Compounded Daily SONIA – Index Determination: This 
Condition 7(e) applies where the relevant Final Terms specifies: (1) “Overnight Rate” as being 
applicable; (2) “Compounded Daily SONIA” as the Reference Rate; and (3) “Index Determination” as 
being applicable. 
(i) 
The Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 7(n) (Floating Rate 
Note Provisions – Benchmark Replacement) and as provided below, be the Compounded Daily 
SONIA Rate with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
“Compounded Daily SONIA Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference 
rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) (expressed as a percentage and rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the screen rate or index for compounded daily SONIA rates 
administered by the administrator of the SONIA reference rate that is published or displayed by 
such administrator or other information service from time to time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as further specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “SONIA 
Compounded Index”) and in accordance with the following formula: 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate   =    
d 
x 
Index 
Compounded 
SONIA 
Index
Compounded 
SONIA
Start 
End 
365 
1   
 
 





--- Page 71 ---
61 
 
where: 
“d”  
is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to 
which SONIA Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
“London Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“Relevant Number” is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, five); 
“SONIA Compounded IndexStart” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period; and 
“SONIA Compounded IndexEnd” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to (A) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period, 
or (B) such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its 
definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Accrual 
Period).  
If the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the administrator of the 
SONIA reference rate or other information service by 5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if later, by the time 
falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance with the 
then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of the SONIA reference rate or of such other 
information service, as the case may be) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Compounded 
Daily SONIA Rate for the applicable Interest Accrual Period for which the SONIA Compounded Index 
is not available shall be “Compounded Daily SONIA” determined in accordance with Condition 7(d) 
above as if “Index Determination” were specified in the applicable Final Terms as being not applicable, 
and for these purposes: (i) the “Observation Method” shall be deemed to be “Observation Shift” and (ii) 
the “Observation Shift Period” shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of London Banking 
Days, as if those alternative elections had been made in the applicable Final Terms. 
(f) Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate – Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-Index Determination: 
This Condition 7(f) applies where the relevant Final Terms specifies: (1) “Overnight Rate” as being 
applicable; (2) “Compounded Daily SOFR” as the Reference Rate; and (3) “Index Determination” as 
being not applicable. 
(i) 
Compounded Daily SOFR 
The Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject to 7(o) (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions - Benchmark Transition) and as provided below, be Compounded Daily SOFR with 
respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Compounded Daily SOFR” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily U.S. dollars secured overnight 
financing rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula 
(and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):

--- Page 72 ---
62 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅i   × ni
𝐷
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖 = 1
−1] × D
𝑑 
where: 
“d” 
is the number of calendar days in: 
(i)  
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“D”  
is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, 360); 
“do”  
means: 
(i)  
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” 
is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in:  
(i)  
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“New York Fed’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or 
a successor administrator of SOFR) or any successor source; 
“ni”  
for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar 
days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to 
(but excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“Observation Period” means the period from (and including) the date falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period or (B) (in the case of any other Interest Accrual Period) the 
date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due; 
“p” 
means:

--- Page 73 ---
63 
 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as 
the “Lag Period” in the applicable Final Terms; or  
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified as the “Observation Shift Period” in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Day” means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“SOFR”  
in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day (USBDx”), is a 
reference rate equal to the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the New York Fed’s Website, in each case at or around 
3.00 p.m. (New York City time) on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
immediately following such USBDx; 
“SOFRi” means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day “i”;  
(ii)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i”; and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or 
a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends 
that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(ii) 
SOFR Unavailable 
Subject to Condition 7(o) (Floating Rate Note Provisions - Benchmark Transition), if, where 
any Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to this Condition 7(f), in respect of any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in respect of which an applicable SOFR is required to be 
determined, such SOFR is not available, such SOFR shall be the SOFR for the first preceding 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in respect of which the SOFR was published on the 
New York Fed’s Website. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 7(f) but without prejudice to Condition 7(o) (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions - Benchmark Transition), the Rate of Interest shall be calculated in accordance, 
mutatis mutandis, with the provisions of Condition 7(d)(iii). 
(g) Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate – SOFR - Index Determination: This Condition 7(g) applies 
where the relevant Final Terms specifies: (1) “Overnight Rate” as being applicable; (2) “Compounded 
Daily SOFR” as the Reference Rate; and (2) “Index Determination” as being applicable. 
(i) 
The Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 7(o) (Floating Rate 
Note Provisions - Benchmark Transition) and as provided below, be the Compounded SOFR 
with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 74 ---
64 
 
“Compounded SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate (expressed as 
a percentage and rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
where: 
“dc” 
is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which SOFR 
IndexEnd is determined;  
“Relevant Number” is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
“SOFR”  means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the SOFR 
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website;  
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR);  
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the SOFR Administrator, or any 
successor source; 
“SOFR Index”, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means the 
SOFR index value as published by the SOFR Administrator as such index appears on 
the SOFR Administrator’s Website at or around 3.00 p.m. (New York time) on such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the “SOFR Determination Time”); 
“SOFR IndexStart”, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, is the SOFR Index value for the 
day which is the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period;  
“SOFR IndexEnd”, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, is the SOFR Index value for the 
day which is the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding (A) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period, or (B) such 
other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its 
definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest 
Accrual Period); and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or 
a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.  
(i) 
If, as at any relevant SOFR Determination Time, the relevant SOFR Index is not published or 
displayed on the SOFR Administrator’s Website by the SOFR Administrator, the Compounded 
SOFR for the applicable Interest Accrual Period for which the relevant SOFR Index is not 
available shall be “Compounded Daily SOFR” determined in accordance with Condition 7(f) 
above as if “Index Determination” were specified in the applicable Final Terms as being ‘Not 
Applicable’, and for these purposes: (i) the “Observation Method” shall be deemed to be 
“Observation Shift” and (ii) the “Observation Shift Period” shall be deemed to be equal to the 
Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days, as if such alternative elections 
had been made in the applicable Final Terms. 
dc 
x 
Index 
SOFR 
Index 
SOFR 
Start
End 
360
1  
 
 





--- Page 75 ---
65 
 
(ii) 
Interest Accrual Period 
As used herein, an “Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any other period (if 
any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the period from (and including) the first day 
of such period to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, if 
the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 13 (Events of 
Default), shall be the date on which such Notes become due and payable). 
(h) Linear Interpolation: If Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of 
which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no 
rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
(i) Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(j) Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period.  The Interest Amount will be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product 
by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction 
equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this 
purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 
one cent. 
(k) Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or 
times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount.  The relevant amount 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(l) Publication: Where the relevant Final Terms specifies “Term Rate” as being applicable, the Calculation 
Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, together with the relevant 
Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant 
payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount 
and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period.  Notice 
thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders.  The Calculation Agent will be entitled to 
recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period.  If the Calculation Amount is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall publish the Interest Amount in relation to 
the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified 
Denomination. 
Where the relevant Final Terms specifies “Overnight Rate” as being applicable, the Calculation Agent 
will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount determined by it, together with the relevant 
Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant 
payment date(s), to be notified the Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
(by no later than the first day of each Interest Accrual Period) and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later 
than the second Business Day thereafter. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders.

--- Page 76 ---
66 
 
Each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) by the Calculation Agent 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
Any such amendment or alternative arrangements will promptly be notified to each competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
(m) Notifications etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7 by the Calculation 
Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and, in the case 
of Registered Notes, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and 
(subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(n) Benchmark Replacement: If the relevant Final Terms specifies “Benchmark Replacement” as being 
applicable, the provisions of Condition 7(n) apply. 
In addition, notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 7, if the Issuer determines that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by such Reference Rate, then the following 
provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, an 
Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner), no later than 5 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating 
to the next succeeding Interest Period (the “IA Determination Cut-off Date”), a Successor 
Rate or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) applicable to the Notes; 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed 
by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if there is 
no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread; 
(iii) if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is 
determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate (as adjusted by 
the applicable Adjustment Spread) or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as adjusted 
by the applicable Adjustment Spread) (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate for each of 
the future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided 
in, this Condition 7(n); provided, however, that if subparagraph (ii) applies and the Issuer is 
unable to or does not determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, then the Rate of 
Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period shall be determined by reference to the fallback 
provisions of Condition 7(c); for the avoidance of doubt, the proviso in this sub-paragraph (iii) 
shall apply to the relevant Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods (as 
applicable) are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 7(n); 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in accordance with the above provisions, the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable and in either case acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be 
expressed as a specified quantum or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment Spread may be positive, 
negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable)  for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate 
of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 7(n);

--- Page 77 ---
67 
 
(v) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (in either case) an Adjustment Spread in 
accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), 
may also specify changes to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement, including, but not 
limited to, the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business 
Day, Additional Business Centres, Interest Determination Date and/or the definition of 
Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and the method for determining the fallback rate in 
relation to the Notes, in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or the Adjustment Spread.  For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect such 
consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required 
in order to give effect to this Condition 7(n).  Noteholder consent shall not be required in 
connection with effecting the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, 
in either case, an Adjustment Spread or such other changes, including for the execution of any 
documents or other steps by the Fiscal Agent (if required); and 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), give notice thereof to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders, 
which shall specify the effective date(s) for such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) and any consequential changes made to these Conditions. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(n): 
“Adjustment Spread” means a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) 
or the Issuer (as applicable), determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case 
of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary usage 
in international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where 
such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable); or 
(iii) if no such determination has been made, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable); or 
(iv) 
if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer in its discretion (as applicable), determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of bonds denominated in the 
Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, if the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion (acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate; 
“Benchmark Event” means:

--- Page 78 ---
68 
 
(i) 
the Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business Days or ceasing 
to exist or ceasing permanently to be calculated, administered and published; or  
(ii) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Reference Rate that 
it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to the date 
specified in (ii)(A) above; or  
(iii) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate 
that the Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or  
(iv) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Reference Rate that the Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued and (B) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (iv)(A) 
above;  
(v) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Reference Rate that means the Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use 
will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified 
date and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (v)(A) above; 
or  
(vi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for any Paying 
Agent, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Reference Rate 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable); or 
(vii) the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Reference Rate announcing that such Reference Rate is or will, on or before a specified date, 
be no longer representative and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred 
to in (vii)(A) above; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference 
rate; or  
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate relates, (B) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the reference rate, (C) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities, or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(o) Benchmark Transition: If the relevant Final Terms specifies “Benchmark Transition” as being applicable, 
the provisions of Condition 7(o) apply. 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply.

--- Page 79 ---
69 
 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining the Benchmark Replacement 
which will replace such Original Reference Rate for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of 
all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates (subject to any 
subsequent application of this Condition 7(o) with respect to such Benchmark Replacement) and any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
Any Benchmark Replacement so determined by the Issuer shall have effect for any subsequent 
determination of any relevant Rate of Interest (subject to any further application of this Condition 
7(o) with respect to such Benchmark Replacement), subject, if any associated Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes are required in connection therewith, to such Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes becoming effective in accordance with the following provisions. 
If, notwithstanding the Issuer’s reasonable endeavours, the Issuer is unable to appoint and consult 
with an Independent Adviser in accordance with the foregoing paragraph, the Issuer shall nevertheless 
be entitled, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, to make any and all 
determinations expressed to be made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 7(o), notwithstanding 
that such determinations are not made following consultation with an Independent Adviser. If, 
however, the Issuer is unable to determine a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with this 
Condition 7(o), then the original benchmark will continue to apply for the purposes of determining 
such Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback provisions 
provided in Conditions 7(f) and 7(g), as applicable, will continue to apply to such determination.  
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, to elect to 
re-apply the provisions of this Condition 7(o), mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions until the 
Benchmark Replacement and any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes have been 
determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 7(o) (and, until such determination and 
notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided in Conditions 7(f) and 7(g), as applicable, will 
continue to apply).  
The Issuer’s intention is that, in circumstances where the Issuer has been unable to determine  the 
Benchmark Replacement pursuant this Condition 7(o), it will elect to re-apply such provisions if and 
when, in its sole determination, there have been such subsequent developments (whether in applicable 
law, market practice or otherwise) as would enable the Issuer successfully to apply such provisions 
and determine the Benchmark Replacement and the applicable Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes (if any). 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if appointed), considers it is 
necessary to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, the Issuer shall, in consultation 
with the Independent Adviser (if appointed), determine the terms of such Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, and shall, subject to giving notice in accordance with Condition 7(o)(iii) below 
(but without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders), vary these Conditions 
and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect 
such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required 
in order to give effect to this Condition 7(o).  Noteholder consent shall not be required in connection 
with effecting any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes or such other changes, including 
for the execution of any documents or other steps by the Fiscal Agent (if required). 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 7(o), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to 
trading. 
(iii) Notices

--- Page 80 ---
70 
 
The Issuer shall promptly give notice of any Benchmark Replacement and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders, which shall 
specify the effective date(s) for such Benchmark Replacement and/or Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes. 
(iv) Definitions 
As used in this Condition 7(o): 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i)  the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the Original Reference Rate for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii)  the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(iii)  the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer as the replacement 
for the Original Reference Rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, 
the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method 
for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to any Interest 
Period, Interest Accrual Period, the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments 
of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer (in 
consultation with the Independent Adviser, if appointed) decides may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice 
(or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement 
exists, in such other manner as the Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser, if appointed) 
determines is reasonably necessary); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to 
the Original Reference Rate (including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the later of 
(a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the 
date on which the administrator of the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
ceases to provide the Original Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event,” the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced therein.

--- Page 81 ---
71 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs 
on the same day as, but earlier than (where the Rate of Interest is to be determined pursuant to 
Condition 7(c) the Relevant Time or (in any other case) the customary or scheduled time for 
publication of the relevant reference rate in accordance with the then-prevailing operational 
procedures of the administrator of such reference rate or, as the case may be, of the other relevant 
information service publishing such reference rate, on, the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to such time for such 
determination; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with 
respect to the Original Reference Rate (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Original Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Original Reference Rate (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate (or 
such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Original Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Original Reference 
Rate (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Original Reference Rate (or such component); or 
(iii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate announcing that the Original Reference Rate is no 
longer representative; 
“Corresponding Tenor” means, with respect to a Benchmark Replacement, a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the Original Reference Rate; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
(the “ISDA Definitions”) to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with 
respect to the Original Reference Rate; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the 
Original Reference Rate for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
“Original Reference Rate” means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified 
for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) 
thereof) on the Notes (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Transition Events, such 
originally specified benchmark or screen rate (or any benchmark used in any Benchmark 
Replacement which has replaced it (the Replacement Benchmark)) has been replaced by a (or a 
further) Replacement Benchmark and a Benchmark Transition Event subsequently occurs in respect 
of such Replacement Benchmark, the term “Original Reference Rate” shall be deemed to include any 
such Replacement Benchmark);

--- Page 82 ---
72 
 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
8. Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) Application: This Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to 
the sum of:   
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of (A) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (B) the day which is 
five days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such fifth day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default 
in payment). 
8A. Step Up Option for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes 
(a) Application:  This Condition 8A is applicable to the Notes only if the Step Up Option is specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Final Terms (“Step Up Notes”). 
(b) Rate of Interest for Step Up Notes: The Rate of Interest for Step Up Notes will be the Rate of Interest 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms, provided that for any 
Interest Period commencing on or after the Interest Payment Date immediately following the occurrence 
of a GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Event, if any, the Initial Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or 
the Initial Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) shall be increased by the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Step 
Up Margin.  
For the avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest may occur no more than once in respect of 
the relevant Step Up Note.   
The Issuer will cause the occurrence of a GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Event and the related increase in the Rate of 
Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) to be notified to 
the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders as soon as reasonably 
practicable after such occurrence and in no event later than the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Notification Deadline. 
(c) Definitions: 
In these Conditions:  
“Assurance Report” has the meaning given to it in Condition 19A (Available Information); 
“External Verifier” means Deloitte Oy or, in the event that such party resigns or is otherwise replaced, 
such other qualified provider of third party assurance or attestation services appointed by the Issuer from 
time to time to review the Issuer Group’s statement of the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI Amount in the Relevant 
Determination Report; 
“GHG Protocol Standard” means the comprehensive and standardised framework to measure greenhouse 
gas emissions (“GHG Emissions” or “GHGe”), entitled ‘GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and 
Reporting Standard’, providing guidance to business undertakings and other organisations to prepare their 
corporate-level GHG Emissions inventory, as established jointly by the World Resources Institute (WRI) 
and the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD), as amended by the GHG

--- Page 83 ---
73 
 
Protocol, Scope 2 Guidance, as supplemented by Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3), Accounting and 
Reporting Standard’ and as further amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
“GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Condition” means: 
(i) 
the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI Amount, as shown in the Relevant Determination Report, is equal to 
or lower than the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI Threshold Amount for the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Threshold 
Determination Year; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Determination Report and the Assurance Report relating to the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 
Threshold Determination Year and (if applicable) the related GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Recalculation 
Assurance Report have been published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 19A (Available 
Information) by no later than the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Notification Deadline; 
a “GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Event” shall occur if the Issuer fails to satisfy the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Condition 
in respect of the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Threshold Determination Year; 
“GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI” means, as of any date, the sum, expressed in aggregate metric tons of carbon 
dioxide equivalent (tCO2e), of (in each case from the Issuer Group’s continuing operations) (A) direct 
emissions from owned or controlled sources of the Issuer Group as defined by the GHG Protocol Standard 
(“GHG Emissions (Scope 1)”) and (B) indirect emissions from electricity, steam heat and cooling 
purchased or acquired by the Issuer Group, as defined by the GHG Protocol Standard (“GHG Emissions 
(Scope 2)”) (calculated using the market-based method) and (C) emissions from 15 distinct reporting 
categories identified under the GHG Protocol Standard (“GHG Emissions (Scope 3)”), excluding those 
emissions captured in GHG Emissions (Scope 1) and GHG Emissions (Scope 2), as further described in, 
and subject to adjustment in the circumstances set out in, the Sustainability-Linked Framework; 
“GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI Amount” means, in respect of any Relevant Financial Year, the amount of 
GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI for such Relevant Financial Year, as calculated in good faith by the Issuer, 
published by the Issuer in the Relevant Determination Report and confirmed by the External Verifier in the 
Assurance Report, in accordance with Condition 19A (Available Information); 
“GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI Threshold Amount” means the amount of GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI calculated 
by multiplying the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Reference Base by the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Threshold Percentage, 
rounded to the nearest 100,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (tCO2e); 
“GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Notification Deadline” means the day falling 180 days after the last day of the 
relevant GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Threshold Determination Year; 
“GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Recalculation Assurance Report” has the meaning given to it in Condition 19A 
(Available Information); 
“GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Recalculation Policy” means the Issuer’s recalculation policy, as set out in the 
Sustainability-Linked Framework as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Step Up Notes; 
“GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Reference Base” means the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI for the financial year ended 
on 31 December 2019 (being 34,961,000 metric tons of CO2e)  and, if applicable, recalculated in good faith 
by the Issuer in the event of a Recalculation Event, published by the Issuer in the latest Relevant 
Determination Report and confirmed by the External Verifier in a GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Recalculation 
Assurance Report in accordance with Condition 19A (Available Information); 
“GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Step Up Margin” means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Step Up Margin; 
“GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Threshold Determination Year” means the year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Threshold Determination Year; 
“GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Threshold Percentage” means the percentage specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Threshold Percentage and, if applicable, recalculated in good faith 
by the Issuer in the event of a Recalculation Event, published by the Issuer in the latest Relevant 
Determination Report and confirmed by the External Verifier in a GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Recalculation 
Assurance Report in accordance with Condition 19A (Available Information);

--- Page 84 ---
74 
 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means, in respect of Fixed Rate Notes, the initial Rate of Interest specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
“Initial Margin” means, in respect of Floating Rate Notes, the initial Margin specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“Issuer Group” means, as of any date, the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries as shown in the most 
recently published audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer; 
“Recalculation Event” means the occurrence of an event that the Issuer determines requires a recalculation 
of the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Reference Base and/or the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Threshold Percentage, including 
without limitation significant changes in: (i) the calculation methodology of the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI; 
(ii)  applicable laws, regulations, official rules, guidelines and policies which are required for the 
determination of the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI and/or the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Threshold Percentage; (iii)  
data due to better data accessibility and accuracy or discovery of data errors; or (iv) structural changes to 
the Group as a result of acquisitions or disposals, in each case as determined in good faith by the Issuer in 
accordance with the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Recalculation Policy; 
“Relevant Determination Report” has the meaning given to it in Condition 19A (Available Information);  
“Relevant Financial Year” means a financial year commencing on 1 January and ending on 31 December; 
and 
“Sustainability-Linked Framework” means the sustainable finance framework published by the Issuer 
and available at https://www.nokia.com/about-us/investors/debt-information/debt-downloads/. 
9. Redemption and Purchase 
(a) Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments — Bearer Notes) or Condition 11 (Payments — Registered Notes). 
(b) Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part:   
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date 
fixed for redemption, if:   
(A) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to 
in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Republic of Finland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of 
the Notes; and 
(B) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it;  
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than:   
(1) where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Notes were then due; or

--- Page 85 ---
75 
 
(2) where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the 
Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 9(b), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer to redeem have occurred and (B) an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such 
additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment.  Upon the expiry of any such notice as is 
referred to in this Condition 9(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 9(b). 
(c) Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call Option): If the Issuer Call is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer’s giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice 
to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, 
as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(d) Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Make-Whole): If the Issuer Make-Whole is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given:   
(i) 
not less than 10 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices); and  
(ii) 
not less than seven days before the giving of notice referred to in (i) above, notice to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Quotation Agent and such other parties as may be specified in the Final Terms, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable (other than in the circumstances set out in the next sentence) and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption (each such date, a “Make-Whole Redemption Date”)) redeem, in 
whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part, the Notes then outstanding at any time prior 
to their Maturity Date at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount.  Any such notice of redemption may, 
at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall 
state that, in the Issuer’s discretion, the Make-Whole Redemption Date may be delayed until such time 
as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such 
redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions 
shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date, or by the Make-Whole Redemption Date so delayed. 
For the purposes of this Condition 9(d), the following expressions shall have the following meanings:   
“Calculation Date” means the third Business Day prior to the Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Amount” means the sum of:   
(i)  (A) in the case of Notes that are not Step Up Notes only, the greater of (x) the Final Redemption 
Amount of the Notes so redeemed and (y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining 
scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes to maturity (or, if Par Call Period is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par Call Commencement Date) (excluding any 
interest accruing on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date) and 
(in the case of Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes only) unless the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 
Condition shall have been satisfied, the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Redemption Premium specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, each such remaining scheduled payment of principal and interest  (and the 
GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Redemption Premium, if applicable) being discounted to the relevant Make-
Whole Redemption Date on either an annual or a semi-annual basis (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin; or 
(B) in the case of Notes that are Step Up Notes only, the greater of (x) the principal amount of the 
Notes so redeemed and (y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments

--- Page 86 ---
76 
 
of principal and interest on such Notes to maturity (or, if Par Call Period is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, to the Par Call Commencement Date) (calculated at the Rate of Interest specified in, 
or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms, until the Interest Period 
commencing on or after the Interest Payment Date immediately following the GHGe Scope 1+2+3  
Notification Deadline, at which point, the Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be increased by the 
GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Step Up Margin, unless the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Condition shall have been 
satisfied) each such remaining scheduled payment of principal and interest being discounted to the 
relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on either an annual or a semi-annual basis (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-Whole Redemption 
Margin; and 
(ii) any interest accrued but not paid on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date, 
as determined by the Quotation Agent and as notified on the Calculation Date by the Quotation Agent to 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and such other parties as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Margin” means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Rate” means (a) the average of the two quotations given by the Reference 
Dealers of the mid-market yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the third Business Day 
preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central European Time (“CET”)); (b) if the 
Reference Dealers obtain only one such quotation, such quotation so obtained; or (c) if the Reference 
Dealers obtain no such quotations, the yield determined by the Quotation Agent, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, at such time and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate. 
“Quotation Agent” means any Dealer or any other international credit institution or financial services 
institution appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of determining the Make-Whole Redemption Amount, 
in each case as such Quotation Agent is identified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the two banks, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if the two 
reference dealers are not so specified, the two banks as selected by the Issuer, which are primary 
European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues. 
“Reference Security” means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  If a Reference 
Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Quotation Agent at 11:00 a.m. 
(CET) on the third Business Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the 
Quotation Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
“Similar Security” means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the Reference 
Security having actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Quotation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding upon all parties. 
(e) Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase — Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call Option)) or 
Condition 9(d) (Redemption and Purchase — Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Make-Whole)), as 
applicable, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal 
Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance 
with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if 
any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to 
Noteholders referred to in Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase — Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Call Option)) or Condition 9(d) (Redemption and Purchase — Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Make-Whole)), as applicable, shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed.  If 
any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) or Make-Whole Redemption Amount, as 
applicable, shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified.

--- Page 87 ---
77 
 
(f) Clean-up Call Option: If the Clean-up Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
in the event that Notes representing an aggregate amount equal to or exceeding 75 per cent. of the 
principal amount of the Notes originally issued (for these purposes, any further notes issued pursuant to 
Condition 18 (Further Issues) and consolidated with this Series of Notes shall be deemed to have been 
originally issued) have been purchased and cancelled or redeemed by the Issuer (other than as a result of 
the exercise by the Issuer of its redemption right under Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer (Call Option))) the Issuer may, on giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
redeem on the date specified in such notice all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes in that Series 
at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(g) Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Investor Put is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date.  Any conditions and/or 
circumstances that must be satisfied before an Investor Put can be exercised will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms.  In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 9(g), the holder of a Note must, 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with 
any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed 
Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent.  The Paying Agent with which a Note 
is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder.  No Note, 
once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 9(g), may be 
withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such 
Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, 
the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as 
may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at 
its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put 
Option Receipt.  For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this 
Condition 9(g), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder 
of such Note for all purposes. 
(h) No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
Conditions 9(a) (Redemption and Purchase — Scheduled redemption) to 9(g) (Redemption and Purchase 
— Redemption at the option of Noteholders). 
(i) Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date 
shall be an amount equal to the sum of:   
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 9(i) or, if none is so specified, a 
Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(j) Purchase: The Issuer or any of its respective Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open 
market or otherwise and at any price; provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith.  
Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent 
for cancellation. 
(k) Cancellation: All Notes must be cancelled if they are redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase — Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call Option)), Condition 9(d) 
(Redemption and Purchase — Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Make-Whole)) or purchased and 
cancelled pursuant to Condition 9(j) (Redemption and Purchase — Purchase) and, in each case, any

--- Page 88 ---
78 
 
unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or 
resold. 
(l) Sustainability-Linked Redemption: This Condition 9(l) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Sustainability-Linked Redemption Option is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
(“Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes”).  
For such Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes, following the occurrence of a GHGe Scope 1+2+3 
Event, the Final Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put), the Optional Redemption Amount, the Make-Whole Redemption Amount or 
the Early Redemption Amount, in each case as applicable, shall be increased by the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 
Redemption Premium specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer will cause the occurrence of a GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Event to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, 
and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable after 
such occurrence and in no event later than the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Notification Deadline. 
10. Payments — Bearer Notes  
This Condition 10 is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(a) Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London). 
(b) Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 10(h) (Payments — Bearer Notes — Payments 
other than in respect of matured Coupons), be made only against presentation and (provided that payment 
is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States in the manner described in Condition 10(a) (Payments — Bearer Notes — Principal). 
(c) Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount 
of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the 
full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States 
law. 
(d) Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all cases to 
any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation).  No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders 
or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto:   
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted 
will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross 
amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment:   
(A) so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as will 
result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the “Relevant 
Coupons”) being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that

--- Page 89 ---
79 
 
where this Condition 10(e)(ii)(A) would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon 
to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount of 
principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount 
of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate 
amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for 
payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of 
principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in Condition 10(a) (Payments — 
Bearer Notes — Principal) against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of 
the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10(f) is applicable or 
that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note 
or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Conditions 9(b) (Redemption and Purchase — 
Redemption for tax reasons), 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase — Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Call Option)), 9(d) (Redemption and Purchase — Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Make-Whole)), 
9(g) (Redemption and Purchase — Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or Condition 13 (Events of 
Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and 
no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled to 
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place 
and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by 
Condition 10(c) (Payments — Bearer Notes — Payments in New York City)). 
(i) Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount 
and date of such payment. 
(j) Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of 
issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet 
may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become 
void pursuant to Condition 14 (Prescription)).  Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, 
any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
11. Payments — Registered Notes  
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Registered Notes. 
(a) Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment 
is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the 
Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an 
account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may 
be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of 
that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) 
and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the 
relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(b) Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is 
due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account

--- Page 90 ---
80 
 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency 
(in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case 
of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of 
the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are subject in all cases 
to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation).  No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment instructions 
(for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business Day, for value the next succeeding 
Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will 
be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the 
due date for payment and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case 
of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments 
of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment.  A Holder of a Registered 
Note shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting 
from (A) the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in 
accordance with this Condition 11 arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
(e) Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered Note, the 
Registrar will annotate the Register with a record of the amount and date of such payment and, in the 
case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, endorse on the relevant Note Certificate 
a statement indicating the amount and the date of such payment. 
(f) Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the 
Holder in the Register at the close of business on the Clearing System Business Day before the due date 
for such payment (the “Record Date”) where “Clearing System Business Day” means a day on which 
each of Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg and Euroclear Bank SA/NV is open for business.  Where 
payment in respect of a Registered Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address 
shown as the address of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record 
Date. 
12. Taxation 
(a) Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf 
of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Finland or any political 
subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law.  In that event, 
the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by 
them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall 
be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon:   
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Note or 
Coupon; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
holder of such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on 
presenting such Note or Coupon for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days assuming 
that day to have been a Payment Day.

--- Page 91 ---
81 
 
(b) Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the 
Republic of Finland, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Finland shall be construed as 
references to the Republic of Finland and/or such other jurisdiction. 
13. Events of Default 
If any of the following events occur:   
(a) Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes within seven days 
of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the Notes within 
fourteen days of the due date for payment thereof;  
(b) Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default remains unremedied for 30 days after written 
notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been delivered to the Issuer or to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent;  
(c) Cross-acceleration:   
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary (other than Non-recourse 
Securitisation Debt or Intra-Group Debt) is not paid when due (taking into account grace periods 
and extensions, if any) or any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary (other than 
Non-recourse Securitisation Debt or Intra-Group Debt) is declared to be or otherwise becomes 
due and payable prior to its specified maturity by reason of the occurrence of an event of default 
(howsoever described); and 
(ii) 
the aggregate of all Indebtedness referred to in Condition 13(c)(i) exceeds EUR 125,000,000 or 
its equivalent in other currencies;  
(d) Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer is 
appointed, of the whole or a significant part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or any 
of its Principal Subsidiaries;  
(e) Insolvency etc.: (i) the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or is unable to pay 
its debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries 
or the whole or a significant part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer or any of its 
Principal Subsidiaries is appointed (or application for any such appointment is made), (iii) the Issuer or 
any of its Principal Subsidiaries takes any action for a readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations 
or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors 
or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness;  
(f) Winding up etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries; or 
(g) Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Republic of Finland has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in Conditions 13(d) (Events of Default — Security enforced) to 
13(f) (Events of Default — Winding up etc.), 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer 
or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall 
become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount together with accrued interest (if any) 
without further action or formality. 
14. Prescription 
Claims for principal in respect of Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes are 
presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date.  Claims for interest in respect of 
Bearer Notes shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years of 
the appropriate Relevant Date.  Claims for principal and interest on redemption in respect of Registered Notes 
shall become void unless the relevant Note Certificates are surrendered for payment within ten years of the 
appropriate Relevant Date.

--- Page 92 ---
82 
 
15. Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note, Note Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at 
the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, in the case of Registered 
Notes (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent 
in any particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required 
by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of 
the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, 
indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Note Certificates 
or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16. Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Paying Agents 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust 
for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below.  The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or registrar or Calculation Agent 
and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that:   
(a) the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent and a registrar;  
(b) if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a 
Calculation Agent; and 
(c) if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any 
particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required 
by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
17. Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including 
by way of conference call or by use of a video conference platform) of Noteholders to consider matters 
relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these Conditions.  Any such 
modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution.  Such a meeting may be 
convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by them upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding 
not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes.  The quorum at any 
meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or 
representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any 
adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal 
amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more 
Persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum.  Any Extraordinary Resolution 
duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether 
present or not. 
(b) Modification: The Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error.  In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may 
agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to 
correct a manifest error or it is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.

--- Page 93 ---
83 
 
18. Further Issues  
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create and 
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except 
for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
19. Notices 
(a) Bearer Notes: Notices to the Holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times), if such 
publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation 
in Europe.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if 
required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have 
been made in all the required newspapers).  Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have 
notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders of Bearer Notes. 
(b) Registered Notes: Notices to the Holders of Registered Notes shall be sent to them by first class mail (or 
its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the 
Register.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the date of mailing. 
19A. 
Available Information 
This Condition 19A applies only to Step Up Notes and Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes.  
In respect of each Relevant Financial Year of the Issuer beginning with the Relevant Financial Year in which 
the Issue Date of the Notes falls up to (and including) the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Threshold Determination Year, 
the Issuer will publish on its website, and in accordance with applicable laws, (i) a report containing the then 
current GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Reference Base, the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI Threshold Amount and the GHGe 
Scope 1+2+3 KPI Amount  for the Relevant Financial Year (the “Relevant Determination Report”); (ii) an 
assurance report issued by the External Verifier (the “Assurance Report”) in respect of the GHGe Scope 
1+2+3 KPI Amount provided in the Relevant Determination Report; and (iii) following any recalculation of 
the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Reference Base and/or the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Threshold Percentage by the Issuer 
in the Relevant Financial Year, an assurance report issued by the External Verifier confirming such 
recalculation of the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Reference Base and/or the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Threshold 
Percentage (as applicable) (the “GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Recalculation Assurance Report”). The Assurance 
Report, the Relevant Determination Report and (if applicable) the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Recalculation 
Assurance Report relating to any Relevant Financial Year of the Issuer will be published no later than the 
date falling 180 days after the last day of the Relevant Financial Year. 
20. Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given or made 
in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the “first currency”) in which the same is payable 
under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the “second currency”) for the 
purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any 
court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer 
shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and 
delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of 
any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from 
the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder 
may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of 
a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a separate 
and independent cause of action. 
21. Rounding 
(a) For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (i) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (ii) all U.S. dollar amounts used in or resulting from such

--- Page 94 ---
84 
 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (iii) all Japanese 
Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower 
whole Japanese Yen amount, and (iv) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 
being rounded upwards. 
22. Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) Governing law: The Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. 
(b) English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a “Dispute”) 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non-contractual obligation arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes). 
(c) Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient 
courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Condition 22(b) (English courts) is for 
the benefit of the Noteholders only.  As a result, nothing in this Condition 22 prevents any Noteholder 
from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute (“Proceedings”) in any other courts with jurisdiction.  To 
the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) Process agent: Without prejudice to any other mode of service allowed under any relevant law, the Issuer 
irrevocably agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other documents required to 
be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to Nokia UK Limited 
as its agent at 740, Waterside Drive, Aztec West Business Park, Almondsbury, Bristol, BS32 4UF, United 
Kingdom or, if different, its registered office for the time being or at any address of the Issuer in the 
United Kingdom at which process may be served on it.  The Issuer agrees that failure by an agent for 
service of process to notify it will not invalidate the proceedings concerned.  If such person is not or 
ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on 
the written demand of any Noteholder addressed and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of 
the Fiscal Agent appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its behalf and, failing 
such appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written 
notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent.  
Nothing in this Condition 22(e) shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other 
manner permitted by law.  This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings 
elsewhere.

--- Page 95 ---
85 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (“EEA“).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”).  Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (“UK”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)]; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.  Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF 
SINGAPORE (as amended or modified from time to time, the “SFA”) - [Insert notice if classification of the 
Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].]1 
 
1 
Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to 
the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 96 ---
86 
 
Final Terms dated [                  ] 
NOKIA CORPORATION 
Issue of [       ][      ]  
under the EUR 5,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 5 July 2023 [and the supplemental prospectus dated [ ] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus] (the “Base Prospectus”) [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.]2 This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation].  These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with such 
Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to it].] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the base prospectus dated [21 February 2017/1 March 2019/27 March 2020/6 July 2021/14 June 2022 
and the supplemental prospectus dated [ ]] which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 5 July 
2023 (the “Base Prospectus”).  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.]  These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the base 
prospectus dated [21 February 2017/1 March 2019/27 March 2020/6 July 2021/14 June 2022] [and the 
supplement[s] to it]]. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented].  The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplemental prospectus] [is] [are] available on [the website of Euronext Dublin www.Euronext.com, 
https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/p445%7C24974/documents] and for viewing during normal 
business hours at the registered office of the Issuer at Karakaari 7, FI-02610 Espoo, Finland. 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer:  
Nokia Corporation 
2. 
(i)  
Series Number:  
[              ] 
 
(ii)  
Tranche Number:  
[              ] 
 
[(iii)  Date on which Notes shall be consolidated 
and form a single series: ] 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
Notes 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[                                          ] on [          ]/the 
Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph 25 below 
[which is expected to occur on or about [      ]] 
 
3. 
Specified Currency:  
[              ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:  
 
 
[(i) 
Series: ] 
[              ] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: ] 
[              ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [         ]] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations:  
[            ] subject to a minimum denomination 
of EUR 100,000 or the equivalent amount in 
any other currency 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount:  
[            ] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date:  
[            ] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date:  
[[           ]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
2  
Delete references to Prospectus Regulation where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 97 ---
87 
 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[[           ]/Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [           ]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[          ] per cent.  Fixed Rate] 
[[[●] month /EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] 
/[Compounded Daily SONIA]/[Compounded 
Daily SOFR]]  
+/ – [        ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at par 
11. 
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer  Make-Whole] 
[Clean-up Call] 
[Investor Put] 
[See paragraph [18/19/20/21] below] 
13. 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[               ]  
Provisions Relating to Interest (if any) Payable 
 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest:  
[       ] per cent. per annum payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date [, subject 
as set out in Condition 8A and paragraph 17 
below]  
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s):  
[       ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [adjusted in accordance with 
[           ]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:  
[Subject to adjustment as set out in Condition 
8A and paragraph 17 below,] [       ] per 
Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s):  
[Subject to adjustment as set out in Condition 
8A and paragraph 17 below,] [       ] per 
Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [       ] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/365 / 
Actual/Actual(ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360(ISDA)] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Specified Period:  
[           ] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates:  
[           ] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date:  
[           ] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention:  
[FRN 
Convention/Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar Convention /Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention/No Adjustment] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s):  
[            ] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not 
the Fiscal Agent):  
 
 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
 
(vii) Screen Rate Determination:  
 
 
• 
Reference Rate:  
[Compounded Daily SONIA]

--- Page 98 ---
88 
 
[Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR] 
[EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] 
 
•         Term Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
•         Overnight Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Number: 
[[5 / [    ]] [[London Banking Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
“Index 
Determination” 
is 
“Not 
Applicable”, delete “Relevant Number” and 
complete the remaining bullets below) 
(If “Index Determination” is “Applicable”, 
insert number of days (expected to be five or 
greater if Compounded Daily SONIA or two or 
greater if Compounded Daily SOFR) as the 
Relevant Number, and the remaining bullets 
below will each be “Not Applicable”) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] [Not 
Applicable]  
(NB: [A minimum of 5 London Banking Days if 
Compounded Daily SONIA, or 2 U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days if 
Compounded Daily SOFR, should be specified 
for the Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, 
unless otherwise agreed with the Calculation 
Agent])]  
 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s):  
[            ] 
(Second day on which T2 is open prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR and 
the first London Banking Day falling after the 
last day of the relevant Observation Period if 
SONIA and the firs] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days falling after the last 
day of the relevant Observation Period if 
SOFR) 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page:  
[            ] 
 
• 
Relevant Time:  
[            ] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre:  
[            ] 
 
(viii)  Linear Interpolation:  
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of 
interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(ix)  Margin(s):  
[+/–][        ] per cent. per annum [, subject as set 
out in Condition 8A and paragraph 17 below] 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[        ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[        ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) 
/ 
Actual/365 
/ 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis / 30E/360(ISDA)] 
 
(xiii)   Benchmark Discontinuation:

--- Page 99 ---
89 
 
 
• 
Benchmark Replacement:  
[Applicable – Condition 7(n) applies/Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Benchmark Transition:  
[Applicable – Condition 7(o) applies/Not 
Applicable]  
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield:  
[        ] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price:  
[        ]  
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts  
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) 
/ 
Actual/365 
/ 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Actual/365 (Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis/30E/360(ISDA)] 
17. 
Step Up Option 
(i) 
GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Step Up Margin:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable].  
[        ] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
GHGe 
Scope 
1+2+3 
Threshold 
Determination Year:   
[        ] 
 
(iii) 
GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Threshold Percentage: 
[        ] per cent. (N.B. This percentage refers to 
the maximum percentage of the GHGe Scope 
1+2+3 Reference Base that the Issuer may emit 
without triggering a GHGe Scope 1+2+3 
Event and not to a reduction target in relation 
to the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Reference Base) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
18. 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call):  
[           ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption  Amount(s) (Call) of 
each Note: 
[           ] per Calculation Amount  
[in the case of the Optional Redemption Date(s) 
falling [on [ ]]/[in the period (the Par Call 
Period) from and including [insert date] (the 
Par Call Period Commencement Date) to but 
excluding [date]] [and [[ ] per Calculation 
Amount] [in the case of the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) falling [on [ ]/in the period 
from and including [date] to but excluding 
[date]] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption Amount:  
[           ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption Amount 
[           ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period:  
[           ] 
19. 
Issuer Make-Whole 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Parties to be notified by Issuer of Make-
Whole Redemption Date and Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount (if other than set out in 
Condition 9(d)):  
[           ][Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Make-Whole Redemption Margin:  
[           ] 
 
(iii) 
Discounting basis for purposes of calculating 
sum of the present values of the remaining 
scheduled payments of principal and interest 
on Redeemed Notes in the determination of 
the Make-Whole Redemption Amount:  
[Annual/Semi-Annual] 
 
(iv) 
Reference Security:  
[           ][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Reference Dealers:  
[           ][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Quotation Agent:  
[           ][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) If redeemable in part:  
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption Amount:  
[           ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption Amount 
[           ] per Calculation Amount 
20. 
Clean-up Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
 
(ii)  
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 100 ---
90 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[           ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
[           ] per Calculation Amount 
 
Amount(s) (Put) of each Note:  
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period:  
[           ] 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[           ] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation reasons 
or on event of default or other early redemption:  
[Not Applicable/[           ] per Calculation 
Amount] 
24. 
Sustainability-Linked Redemption Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Redemption Premium: 
[           ] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
GHGe 
Scope 
1+2+3 
Threshold 
Determination Year:   
[        ] 
(iii) 
GHGe 
Scope 
1+2+3 
Threshold 
Percentage: 
[        ] per cent. (N.B. This percentage refers to 
the maximum percentage of the GHGe Scope 
1+2+3 Reference Base that the Issuer may emit 
without triggering a GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Event 
and not to a reduction target in relation to the 
GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Reference Base) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: [Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note 
which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
[    ] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note]  
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [    ] days’ notice]  
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [    ] days’ notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Note]  
 
[The exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes in 
paragraph 6 includes language substantially to 
the following effect: “[€100,000] and integral 
multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to 
and including [€199,000].”] 
 
Registered 
Notes: 
[Global 
Registered 
Note [U.S.$/Euro 
[●] 
nominal 
amount 
registered in the name of a nominee for DTC/a 
common 
depository 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (that is held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure (NSS))] 
26. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[           ]] 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such Talons 
mature):  
 
[Yes]/[No] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[                         ] has been extracted from [                         ].  The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by

--- Page 101 ---
91 
 
[                         ], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]/[Not Applicable.] 
Signed on behalf of Nokia Corporation:   
By:  
 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 102 ---
92 
 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading and listing:  
[[Application has been made/Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer] (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market with 
effect from [         ].] 
[[Application has been made/Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer] (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to listing 
on the Official List of Euronext Dublin with 
effect from [         ].] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to admission 
to trading: 
[           ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings:  
[[The Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]]:   
[Fitch Ratings Limited: [•]] 
[Moody’s Italia S.r.l.: [•]] 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: [•]] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Dealers/Managers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Dealers/Managers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business.]/[Not Applicable.] 
4. 
[USE OF PROCEEDS/REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
[An amount equal to the net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its 
general corporate purposes] 
[Other (set out use of proceeds here)] 
5. 
[YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
 
Indication of yield:  
[           ] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price.  It is not an indication 
of future yield.] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN:  
[           ] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code:  
[           ] 
 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out 
on] the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]

--- Page 103 ---
93 
 
 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out 
on] the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and the relevant identification number(s):  
 
 
[           ] 
 
(vi) 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
(vii) Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility:  
 
[           ] 
[Yes] [Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue 
to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper)][include this text for 
registered notes] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life.  Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]  
[No] [Whilst the designation is specified as 
“no” at the date of these Final Terms, should 
the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended 
in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
[(and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered 
notes].  Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Dealers: 
[Not applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant Dealer: 
[Not applicable/give names] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions:  
[Reg. S Category 2]  
(In the case of Bearer Notes)  
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
(In the case of Registered Notes)  
[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Where the Notes clearly do not           constitute 
“packaged” products in the EEA, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified.  If the Notes 
may constitute “packaged” products and no 
key information document will be prepared in 
the EEA, “Applicable” should be specified.]

--- Page 104 ---
94 
 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Where the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products in the UK, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified.  If the Notes 
may constitute “packaged” products and no 
key information document will be prepared in 
the UK, “Applicable” should be specified.]

--- Page 105 ---
95 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM  
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so 
long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common 
safekeeper, in the case of a NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the person in whose name such Global Registered Note 
is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Registered Note is held by or on 
behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary 
or a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper (or its 
nominee). 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Registered Note (each an 
“Accountholder”) must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant 
clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each payment made by the Issuer to the 
holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note and in relation to all other rights arising under such Global 
Note or Global Registered Note.  The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise 
any rights arising under the Global Note or Global Registered Note will be determined by the respective rules and 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time.  
For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Registered Note, Accountholders 
shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of 
the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Note or Global Registered Note. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global Note, 
the Issuer shall procure:   
(a) in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global 
Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note; or 
(b) in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such Permanent Global 
Note in accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts specified in the 
certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and 
received by the Fiscal Agent against presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If:   
(a) a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange 
of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or

--- Page 106 ---
96 
 
(b) Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer 
of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; 
or 
(c) a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of a Temporary Global Note has occurred 
and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon 
has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the 
Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note or increase the 
principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the 
case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (c) above), and the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer 
of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant).  Under the Deed of Covenant, 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those 
rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note became void, 
they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system.  In relation to any issue of Notes which are represented by a “Global Note exchangeable 
to Definitive Notes” in circumstances other than in the limited circumstances specified in the Global Note, such 
Notes may only be issued in principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one 
Specified Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination). 
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the 
Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If:   
(a) Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer 
of a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive 
Notes; or 
(b) a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, 
payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made 
to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note 
on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date 
(in the case of (b) above), and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but 
without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed 
of Covenant).  Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Permanent Global Note 
will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately 
before the Permanent Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Exchange of Global Registered Notes 
Whenever a Global Registered Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall procure 
that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of

--- Page 107 ---
97 
 
the Global Registered Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the holder of the Global 
Registered Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such Individual Note 
Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual 
Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person’s holding) against the surrender 
of the Global Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar.  Such exchange will be effected in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the regulations concerning the transfer and 
registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without charge to any holder, but 
against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which 
may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
If:   
(a) Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after 
they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Note; or 
(b) any of the Notes represented by a Global Registered Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable 
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes 
has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Registered Note in accordance with the 
terms of the Global Registered Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Global Registered Note (including the obligation to deliver Individual Note Certificates) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date (in the case of (b) above), and the holder of the Global Registered Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the holder of the Global Registered Note or others may have 
under the Deed of Covenant).  Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global 
Registered Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, 
immediately before the Global Registered Note became void, they had been the holders of Individual Note 
Certificates in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding 
in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Registered Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Registered Note.  The following is a summary of certain of 
those provisions:   
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Registered Note which, according to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or Coupon will be 
made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) 
surrender of the Global Note or Global Registered Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective 
to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes.  On each occasion on 
which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in 
respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of a NGN the payment is entered pro 
rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Exercise of investor put: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9(f) (Redemption and Purchase — 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global 
Registered Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and put 
notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect 
of which such option is being exercised.  Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of Issuer call or Issuer make-whole: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in 
Condition 9(c) (Redemption and Purchase — Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call Option)) or 
Condition 9(d) (Redemption and Purchase — Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Make-Whole)) in relation to 
some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note or Global Registered Note may be redeemed in part in the 
principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not 
be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a 
pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion).

--- Page 108 ---
98 
 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note 
(or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Registered Note and the Permanent 
Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are), or the Global Registered 
Note is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system.

--- Page 109 ---
99 
 
DESCRIPTION OF NOKIA 
Company Overview 
At Nokia, we create technology that helps the world act together. We provide mobile, fixed and cloud network 
solutions that enable critical networks for communication service providers (CSPs), enterprise verticals and 
hyperscalers. Our portfolio of products, services and licensing opportunities helps accelerate digitalisation to 
address global sustainability, productivity and accessibility challenges. We have customers in more than 100 
countries around the world and operations in Europe, the Middle East & Africa, Greater China, North America, 
Asia-Pacific and Latin America. 
We maintain listings on three major securities exchanges.  The listing venues for our shares are Nasdaq Helsinki 
and Euronext Paris, in the form of shares, and the New York Stock Exchange, in the form of American Depositary 
Shares. 
We are a public limited liability company, which is incorporated under the laws of Finland with registration 
number 0112038-9.  We were incorporated on 19 December 1896.  Our principal executive office is located at 
Karakaari 7, FI-02610 Espoo, Finland and our telephone number is +358 (0) 10 44 88 000. 
Business Overview 
Operating and Reportable Segments  
Nokia has four operating and reportable segments for financial reporting purposes:  
1. Network Infrastructure, which provides fiber, copper, fixed wireless access technologies, IP routing, data 
centre, subsea and terrestrial optical networks - along with related services - to customers including 
communications service providers (“CSPs”), webscales (including hyperscalers), digital industries and 
governments; 
2. Mobile Networks, which provides products and services for radio access networks covering technologies 
from 2G to 5G, and microwave radio links for transport networks; 
3. Cloud and Network Services, which enables CSPs and enterprises to deploy and monetise 5G, cloud-
native software and as-a-Service delivery models; and  
4. Nokia Technologies, which is responsible for managing Nokia’s patent portfolio and monetising Nokia’s 
intellectual property including patents, technologies and the Nokia brand, 
each of which is described in further detail in “Description of Nokia - Nokia’s Business Groups” below.  In 
addition, Nokia discloses segment-level information for Group Common and Other and provides net sales 
disclosure for the following businesses within the Network Infrastructure segment: (i) IP Networks, (ii) Optical 
Networks, (iii) Fixed Networks and (iv) Submarine Networks.  
Our Platform 
The Nokia platform guides everything we do across our global organisation.  Its three elements shape our 
ambition, our strategy and our culture.  
1. Our purpose: At Nokia, we create technology that helps the world act together.  While our lives may be 
getting longer, healthier and richer, the world is facing fundamental challenges: Productivity is stalling, 
pressure on the planet is increasing and access to opportunity remains stubbornly unequal. Digitalisation 
is central to the solution. We see the potential of digital to transform business, industry and society. When 
the world’s organisations, machines and devices are in sync with each other and the people they serve, a 
new capability unfolds to create a more productive, sustainable and accessible future. 
2. Our commitment: We are delivering the next evolution in critical networking through technology 
leadership and trusted partnerships.  We are meeting the new demands placed on networks through the 
next evolution of networking where networks meet cloud with ‘networks that sense, think and act’. These 
networks extend beyond connecting people and things, bits and bytes. They are adaptable, autonomous, 
consumable and intelligent. They enable people, machines and devices to interact in real time, like never

--- Page 110 ---
100 
 
before. Critically, ‘networks that sense, think and act’ are creating new opportunities for our customers 
and partners, both existing and new, to access and harness the full power of networking by: 
• 
‘sensing’ and understanding human and machine parameters using next generation mobile and 
optical technologies; 
• 
‘thinking’ of actions before a fault occurs in the network or in an enterprise using next generation 
analytics and AI; and 
• 
‘acting’ to connect humans and machines alike by enabling wide area or local area networks. 
3. Essentials: Our essentials highlight the culture we are creating for our people, customers and partners. 
As we seek to realise the full potential of digital in every industry, acting as a collaborative partner to 
our customers and pioneering the next evolution of networks, we are creating the culture needed to drive 
the future growth of Nokia.  
• 
Open- in mindset, to opportunity, through/with transparency; 
• 
Fearless- bringing authenticity, sharing ideas and opinions, embracing collaboration; and 
• 
Empowered - to make decisions, to act with clear accountability. 
For further details, see “ Description of Nokia - Our culture - Open, Fearless and Empowered” below.  
Our strategy  
Our customers 
Networks play an increasingly important role in the economy and in society. As a result, we serve a growing 
number of customers who provide critical services to end-users.  
We distinguish three customer segments that we serve with our hardware, software and services portfolio: (1) 
Communications services providers, (2) enterprises (enterprise verticals and webscalers); and (3) licensees. We 
license our intellectual property to selected industries that benefit from our innovations, primarily in the mobile 
devices, automotive, consumer electronics and IoT industries.  
1. Communications service providers  
A communications service provider offers telecommunications services such as voice and/or data 
services through fixed and/or mobile connectivity to consumers, enterprises, governments and other 
communications service providers. Nokia maintains a consolidated view of the Nokia total addressable 
market based on multiple external analyst reports, customer and key competitor reported and announced 
insights as well as Nokia internal insights. We estimate the CSPs estimated total addressable market 
(“TAM”) for Nokia grew by 5 per cent. to EUR 110 billion from 2021 to 2022. The 5G cycle will also 
yield growth in software, namely in 5G Core and in all software segments supporting 5G operability and 
monetisation. 
CSPs have kept their capital expenditure intensity flat, but increased their earnings through automation, 
digitalisation, shifts in channel mix, outsourcing and asset sales. We expect them to remain focused on 
the monetisation of their connectivity strengths and on cost optimisation. They are also considering 
divesting from passive infrastructure and transitioning towards network sharing models. In areas in which 
the network is built for coverage, this might reduce demand for network vendor equipment. We have 
also seen the first examples of CSPs relying on webscalers to lead the transition to cloud-based 
operational and business models. When combined with open RAN standards that aim at splitting a base 
transceiver station into subcomponents with open interfaces, this may allow for new entrants into the 
market and increase competition. Conversely, it should also serve to accelerate innovation and create 
opportunities for market share gains for those investing in the technology.  
Geopolitics and environmental criteria increasingly influence investment and vendor decisions. Security 
and sovereignty have become important factors across the vendor landscape. Government-funded 
broadband initiatives also provide additional funding for investments, for example in rural areas.

--- Page 111 ---
101 
 
Sustainability considerations such as green energy use, energy consumption reduction plans and circular 
economy approaches also shift the criteria for vendor selection. 
2. Enterprises 
Enterprise Verticals 
Enterprise TAM includes enterprise verticals and webscaler markets. The estimated enterprise TAM 
grew by 12 per cent. to EUR 16 billion from 2021 to 2022.  An enterprise vertical represents a grouping 
of companies by an industry that offers products and services that meet specific needs. We primarily 
focus on transportation and logistics, energy, manufacturing, and public sector verticals. This reflects our 
assessment that these are seeing the most significant digitalisation over the coming years, as they 
automate many aspects of their operations. We project that growth will mainly be driven by private 
wireless and wireline networks in manufacturing, as well as in the public sector and in energy. We 
estimate that IP routing and optical networks will also continue to grow moderately in these segments. 
Webscalers 
Webscaler refers to companies that provide cloud-based solutions and services. Alphabet (Google Cloud 
Platform), Amazon (Amazon Web Services) and Microsoft (Azure) are the largest cloud players - also 
referred to as hyperscalers - operating on a global scale. Our TAM for webscalers consists mainly of 
optical networks and IP routing. Within optical networks, we expect that data center interconnect 
(“DCI”) will be a strong growth driver, while the increasing webscaler data traffic requires adoption of 
higher bit rate technologies also in IP routing.  
The largest, global webscalers are also assuming an increasingly important role within the 
telecommunication domain. They target edge computing as the next growth engine for industrial 
automation workloads and low-latency applications. They also partner with CSPs to co-locate edge 
stacks on-premises and at metro sites. Additionally, they aim to run telecommunication network 
workloads on their cloud infrastructure. As such, webscalers are customers and potential partners, as well 
as potential competitors in some areas. 
3. Licensees 
Licensees refers to companies who have agreed licenses to use Nokia’s intellectual property. This 
includes the licensing of Nokia’s patent portfolio, the licensing of technologies for integration into 
consumer devices and licensing of the Nokia brand. The majority of Nokia Technologies’ revenues 
comes from patent licensing where we have agreements with most major smartphone vendors as well as 
licensing programmes for consumer electronics, video services, automotive and the wider IoT domain. 
In total, we have more than 200 licensees across all our programmes, including companies like Apple, 
Samsung, Lenovo, and Volkswagen.

--- Page 112 ---
102 
 
 
 
Our strategic plans 
Networks are the key enabler for the digitalisation of industries and the realisation of the broader potential of the 
metaverse. As a result, we see opportunity to grow our business, expand into adjacencies and transform our 
business model. 
In 2021, Nokia set out its strategy to deliver sustainable, profitable growth by becoming a business-to-business 
(“B2B”) technology innovation leader, accompanied by a new purpose and operating model. We set out actions 
to reset, accelerate, and then scale our business to lead in a world where widespread digitalisation is gathering 
speed. 
As enterprises, webscalers and governments digitalise, they increasingly need the essential networking technology 
Nokia provides to succeed. Networks are critical to unlocking the enormous opportunities across industrial, 
enterprise and consumer spheres, as outlined below (for further detail see  “Description of Nokia - Technology 
Vision 2030”).   
As we move from the 5G era towards 5G-Advanced and 6G, the underlying networks will need to evolve. The 
networks of the next decade will need to meet the demands of fully immersive augmented and virtual reality, 
digital twins, and biosensors. These technologies will, in turn, unleash the full promise of the consumer, enterprise 
and industrial metaverses, which, until now, have only shown a glimpse of their potential. They will pave the way 
for true extended reality (“XR”) experiences, which will eventually lead to the merging of the physical and digital 
worlds and the enhancement of humans. 
Early metaverse applications are already visible in industries which use digital twins, where significant uplifts in 
productivity, sustainability and worker safety have been achieved. We have helped to pioneer these advances by 
collaborating with customers and partners.  The successful and rapid deployment of these technologies will require

--- Page 113 ---
103 
 
a fundamental shift in connectivity. We are embracing this opportunity to pioneer the next evolution of 
networking, where networks meet cloud.  
To reinforce our position as a leader and enabler of digitalisation, we are confidently asserting the value we bring: 
• 
Networking expertise: We know that accelerating the digital transformation of every industry will be 
critical to unlocking massive gains in sustainability, productivity, and accessibility and that our 
networking expertise is increasingly valuable to customers and partners as they seek to maximise their 
growth. 
• 
Technology leadership: We are specialists in the technology we deliver, with a laser-focus on delivering 
a best of breed technology portfolio. 
• 
Pioneering innovation: Innovation runs through our business, across our evolving portfolio, in the 
disruptive research and game-changing programmes at Nokia Bell Labs, in our work to build the device 
and application ecosystems needed for digitalisation, and through our innovation programmes where we 
bring emerging technology to life alongside our partners. 
• 
Collaborative advantage: Collaboration is in our DNA, and we are valued for the trusted relationships 
that we build with our customers. Today, we are going further: we know that realising the potential of 
digital cannot be achieved alone, so we are focused on bringing the right partners and technologies 
together to create the digital services and applications of the future.  
Our strategy consists of six pillars - key objectives that will define our success - and four enablers to help us get 
there. 
The six pillars are: 
1. Grow CSP business faster than market 
CSPs will continue to be our main customer segment. We will leverage our strong technological position, 
investment in technology leadership and emerging opportunities to grow our share in key markets, with 
geopolitical considerations supporting this ambition. 
2. Expand the share of enterprise in our business 
Enterprise verticals and webscalers are  deploying campus networks, wide area private wireless networks, 
enterprise physical networks and data centers at an accelerated rate to digitalise their operations. Being a 
technology leader in all these domains, we pursue these opportunities to grow our enterprise business. 
3. Actively manage our portfolio 
Maintaining our portfolio segments at number one or number two position through several routes including 
active portfolio management, is critical for a profitable and sustainable business. There may be cases where 
a leadership position is not possible and for these cases, we will consider alternatives. 
4. Secure business longevity in Nokia Technologies 
We are investing to ensure the sustained competitiveness of our patent portfolio. We will continue to pursue 
opportunities from sectors outside mobile devices, such as automotive, consumer electronics, IoT and video 
services. 
5. Build new business models 
To broaden our customer base and change our margin profile, we see potential in new platform business 
models within the broader ecosystem. We engage with service providers, webscalers, industrial giants and 
emerging players like app developers and start-ups to drive the creation of new products, services, and 
solutions and to explore new business models including CloudRAN, Network as Code and as-a-Service. 
6. Develop ESG into a competitive advantage

--- Page 114 ---
104 
 
ESG is increasingly important for customers, investors, regulators, partners, and Nokia employees. There is 
space in our industry to become the ‘trusted provider’ and Nokia aims to claim this position. Our ESG strategy 
lays out how we will do this and our specific areas of focus.   
The six pillars are underpinned by four enablers: 
1. Develop future-fit-talent 
We have launched and are executing a new people strategy focused on growth, skills, and development. We 
build the right future skills for our employees in the technical domains identified in our technology vision 
and strategy, and the commercial skills to support our expansion into new domains. 
2. Invest in long-term research 
Sustained technology leadership is a key driver of our success. It requires us to anticipate, shape and invest 
in the next technology waves and breakthroughs. We continue to invest in long-term research to ensure a 
leadership position in line with our Technology Vision 2030. We are also deeply engaged in leading and 
influencing standards and developing standard essential patents. 
3. Digitalise our own operations 
We are increasing the digitalisation of our own operations to lead by example with a set of ambitious, 
company-wide strategic initiatives to increase the company’s performance and competitiveness, focused on 
efficiency, productivity and agility in internal operations, customer experience and R&D. 
4. Refresh our brand 
With Nokia accelerating into the next phase of our growth strategy, we have refreshed our brand to reflect 
the focus of Nokia’s business as a B2B technology innovation leader. Our new visual identity is emblematic 
of an energised, dynamic and modern Nokia.  
Our path to continued technology leadership 
By investing in communication technology R&D, we drive innovation across a comprehensive portfolio of 
network equipment, software, services and licensing opportunities.  
We have a global network of R&D centres, each with specialties and ecosystems built around both competence 
and technologies. Most of our R&D is conducted within the business group structures.  
We believe in laying the path for Nokia’s future technology innovation and identifying the most promising areas 
for new value creation: while our business groups focus on near- to mid-term innovation, Nokia’s dedicated 
Strategy and Technology (“S&T”) organisation is focused on longer-term technology cycles. S&T is responsible 
for developing a coherent corporate strategy and technology and architecture vision across the company, as well 
as implementing it in partnership with Nokia’s business groups. S&T drives company-wide internal technology 
alignment, and by transferring technologies to the business groups, it evolves the company’s technology portfolio 
to enable Nokia’s continued technology leadership. 
Nokia Bell Labs continues its long-standing tradition of disruptive innovation within the fundamental technologies 
that underpin communications networks and systems. A key part of its mandate is to also explore concepts that 
generate growth opportunities in adjacent and emerging markets. Nokia has pioneered many of the foundational 
technologies of the 5G era. Now, our research is actively focusing on the future beyond 5G, so that we are firmly 
positioned to continue our leading role.

--- Page 115 ---
105 
 
 
Nokia is investing to lead in the 5G-Advanced networks that are anticipated to begin appearing in 2025, while 
also already actively preparing for leadership in the 6G era. Hexa-X II, the second phase of the European 
Commission’s flagship 6G initiative for research into the next generation of wireless networks, was announced in 
October 2022 with Nokia as project lead, working closely with a strong consortium of European partners. Nokia 
was also named the overall leader for 6G-ANNA, a German state-funded 6G lighthouse project. Nokia is engaged 
in many other projects and initiatives with industry peers, customers, academia, and research institutions globally, 
spanning Europe, the U.S., and Asia Pacific (“APAC”), to form a common view and direction for 6G. 
Nokia is a leader in passive optical networks (“PON”). Following our launch in 2020 of the first commercial 25G 
PON solution, Nokia Bell Labs invented the next generation solution, delivering a record-breaking 100 Gb/s on a 
single PON wavelength in 2022. World-class research on optical systems and devices innovations enabled record-
breaking transmission speeds of up to 2 Tb/s on a single wavelength and Pb/s per fiber. Novel network architecture 
concepts that leverage artificial intelligence will allow for the frictionless deployment of cloud-native network 
services, and new business models across multiple stakeholders. 
We are actively engaged in leading and influencing standards and developing new standard-essential patents 
(“SEPs”), thus shaping future technologies and systems while contributing to our IPR portfolio. 
We pursue future growth platforms through NGP Capital innovation outreach, and the in-house incubation and 
commercialisation of venture projects. We are creating a strategic partner platform, as well as productive, global 
and multi-dimensional ecosystems for new business opportunities.  
We are also focused on enabling Nokia as a best-in-class digital enterprise and identifying security requirements, 
trends and evolving risks, to position Nokia as a trusted security partner for the 5G era and beyond.

--- Page 116 ---
106 
 
 
Our Technology Vision 2030 
We see the network as critical to realising the enormous range of potential that the metaverse opens in the 
industrial, enterprise and consumer spheres as we approach 2030. 
Our Technology Vision provides directional input to Nokia’s technology strategy and roadmap, serving as a 
valuable platform for strategic engagement with our customers and key stakeholders. We periodically refresh our 
Technology Vision to ensure our outlook remains cutting-edge, with the latest iteration released in September 
2022. 
By 2030, the world will have undergone a significant transformation. The global rate of technology adoption will 
be driven by trends such as environmental sustainability and cybersecurity. Advances in semiconductors, 
software, artificial intelligence (“AI”) and machine learning (“ML”) will continue to accelerate. However, it will 
be the development of technologies that power the metaverse, cloud and Web3 that will have the greatest 
transformative impact. We expect human augmentation technologies, such as extended reality and digital-physical 
fusion technologies, such as digital twins, to be the key drivers of network transformation as we enter an era of 
unprecedented immersive technology and industrial digitalisation. 
We see metaverse opportunities clearly differentiated between consumer, enterprise, and industrial. The enterprise 
metaverse has a predominantly IT-focus, while the industrial has its primary focus on operational, ‘mission-
critical’ technologies. We believe that all three segments promise significant revenue potential by 2030, and we 
are already seeing very solid traction in the industrial metaverse in particular with the adoption of digital twins in 
numerous areas across design, production and logistics. 
We see the network as the key enabler of metaverse opportunities and the expectations on its capabilities will be 
stretched beyond what is possible today. The key attributes of the new network include: 
• 
radically enhanced performance, extreme capacity and optimisation for a wide range of user-specific 
needs; 
• 
heightened sensing and context-awareness, dynamically and automatically adapting connectivity; 
• 
100 per cent. cloud-native design, supporting a distributed architecture and openness through developer-
friendly application programming interfaces (“APIs”) 
• 
efficiency, resilience, and agility, with zero-touch management and AI/ML-driven, intent-based 
autonomy; and

--- Page 117 ---
107 
 
• 
security and energy efficiency features, designed-in as core requirements. 
The network will need to transform to meet these challenges alongside new paradigms, such as networks of 
networks, specialised sub-networks, and enriched ‘Network-as-a-Service’ capabilities.  
We strongly believe that the opportunities of the metaverse will be realised by a multi-party value ecosystem, 
centered around the new network capabilities and as-a-service propositions. No single company will be able to 
provide all the solutions, and we expect a rich ecosystem to develop around collaboration, co-innovation and 
partnering. Nokia is strongly positioned to lead these collaborative advantages. 
Debt Financing and Cash 
Nokia’s debt financing strategy includes a focus on extending short maturities and maintaining a smooth overall 
debt maturity profile. Nokia aims to maintain access to both the European and U.S. debt markets. Nokia intends 
for Nokia Corporation to be the issuer for new bond issues.  
On 2 March 2023, Nokia updated its capital management policy with a focus on sustaining investment grade 
rating and improving shareholder returns consistent with the performance of the business. Nokia now targets to 
maintain a net cash position in the range of 10-15 per cent. of net sales to ensure it can continue to invest in the 
necessary R&D to maintain and further improve its technology leadership, fund working capital requirements in 
support of the company’s growth ambitions and to maintain some flexibility for bolt-on acquisitions. Nokia’s 
previous target in terms of cash management was to maintain a total cash position equivalent to at least 30 per 
cent. of net sales. 
Customer Experience 
Nokia’s Customer Experience (“CX”) organisation is designed to ensure we engage customers with a unified and 
consistent voice.  The goal of the organisation is to advocate for customers within Nokia, understanding the needs 
of each, to deliver the best possible experience and business outcomes. 
The CX organisation unites sales and customer marketing under one umbrella. This allows us to better leverage 
common platforms, processes and resources to drive brand awareness, create demand, and engage customers 
across all markets. CX drives growth across all network business group portfolios by engaging CSPs, enterprises 
(in target verticals), hyperscalers and governments, positioning Nokia as a technology leader, innovation partner, 
and solutions provider worldwide.  
Our customers benefit from the unique insights resulting from our extensive analysis of the global market, and 
our experience working with diverse customer types around the world. This enables our customers to make the 
best strategic technology decisions to help grow their businesses.  
While enterprise sales, marketing and delivery are part of the CX umbrella, the products and solutions developed 
for this diverse customer segment come from the business groups. Working across industries including 
manufacturing, energy, transportation and the public sector, as well as by harnessing the power of our growing 
partner community, the enterprise team helps customers address their unique business challenges through Industry 
4.0 digital transformation. Our solutions help transform operations and modernise communication networks with 
leading next-generation technologies from across our businesses, including IP, optical, fixed networks, 
microwave, and private wireless networking. The enterprise team has worked with more than 2,600 organisations, 
connecting people and technologies, improving safety in the workplace (workers and operations) and in cities 
around the world. At the same time, we have increased automation and agility to boost productivity and efficiency, 
and helped our customers achieve greater resilience and sustainability through digitalisation.    
Together, CX and the business groups align on our go-to-market ambitions, resourcing and customer 
requirements. This enables the business groups to remain accountable for their own financial performance. 
Collective competence is delivered consistently across all business groups, coupled with deep expertise across 
each unique industry we serve. This allows us to solve customer challenges, inspires growth, and enables our 
customers to achieve their immediate and long-term goals.   
Nokia’s Business Groups  
Nokia has four business groups with each business group aiming to become a technology and market leader in 
their respective sector.  The four business groups are:

--- Page 118 ---
108 
 
1. Network Infrastructure 
Market Overview 
Network Infrastructure builds business-critical and mission-critical networks for a wide range of CSP, enterprise, 
and webscale customers; delivering fixed access, IP routing, data center networks, and optical transport for both 
terrestrial and subsea applications. 
Demand for connectivity continues to be strong. Meanwhile, our customers - who include CSPs enterprises, 
governments, webscalers and hyperscalers - are turning their attention to future drivers of demand. These include 
enterprise digitalisation, the shift to the cloud, 5G and even 6G introduction, and digital/physical fusion and the 
metaverse. Customers are considering the demands these place on networks in terms of capacity, reliability, 
deterministic performance and security. At the same time, the urgency of climate change and heightened global 
economic uncertainty has renewed attention on the importance of sustainability and efficiency.  
We continue to focus our innovation power on the products, platforms and solutions that address these issues. 
This includes providing established and new operators with the means to serve residential users, businesses, and 
Wi-Fi and 5G cells with a single access network, radically simplifying the massive scale in optical networks, or 
focusing on the need for highly scalable, deterministic, and power-efficient capacity in IP networks. 
The estimated Network Infrastructure addressable market, excluding Submarine Networks (and also excluding 
Russia and Belarus), for 2022 was EUR 47 billion. 
Business Overview and Organisation 
Our business divisions are: Fixed Networks, IP Networks, Optical Networks and Submarine Networks.  
Fixed Networks offers fiber and copper-based access infrastructure, Wi-Fi in-home solutions, the cloud and 
virtualisation. In 2022, we continued to advance our leading position in passive optical networks (PON)3. We 
were first-to-market with a 25G PON solution and have shown up to 100G PON proofs of concept with customers 
in Europe and the USA. We continue to innovate around solutions that will allow our customers to lead today, 
while protecting their investments for the future. Our Lightspan MF-14 product, launched in Q4, is the world’s 
first generation 6 broadband platform, enabling the convergence of all services on a single fiber infrastructure. 
This solution has already been selected by customers building 25G capable networks in Europe, North America 
and Asia Pacific. We have reinforced our market leadership4 in 5G Fixed Wireless Access with the world’s first 
large-scale, long-reach 5G mmWave deployment for Australia’s National Broadcaster nbn.  
IP Networks is a global leader in IP access, aggregation, and edge and core routing for residential, business, 
mobile, cloud and digital industry applications. Our ability to offer high-performance and massively scalable 
networks is enabled though our industry-leading, in-house designed FP5 routing silicon and FP5-based routing 
platforms. Combined with our network automation and security platforms, we further enable customers to 
efficiently control, manage, analyse and secure their IP networks. We are actively driving the next generation in 
IP routing - 800 Gigabit Ethernet - which we have trialled with customers including BT, DE-CIX and LINX. 
Our software-defined WAN solutions bring easy, efficient network connectivity configuration among clouds and 
to any enterprise branch. Our next-generation data center fabric makes cloud environments easier to scale, adapt 
and operate. 
Optical Networks is a leader in optical transport networks for metro, regional, long-haul and ultra-long-haul 
applications. Our approach helps communications service providers address the massive growth in bandwidth 
demand, while simplifying network operations through software tools and automation. This enables a more 
streamlined service delivery and a lower total cost of ownership. The portfolio includes coherent optical 
transponders, optical transport network switching, wavelength-division multiplexing, reconfigurable optical add-
drop multiplexer solutions and optical line systems. Our successful rollout of our fifth generation of coherent 
optical technology, based on our in-house designed PSE-V digital signal processor, highlights our focus on and 
commitment to technology innovation. 
 
3 Dell’Oro BB Access Report (Q2 2022). 
4 650 Group Report  (Q2 2022).

--- Page 119 ---
109 
 
Submarine Networks continues to be a leader in the growing undersea telecoms networks segment and saw 
continued growth in demand in 2022, led by hyperscalers and driven by factors ranging from increased cloud 
computing to virtual reality, as well as by the need to bring the advantages of connectivity to previously 
underserved parts of the world. Our technology innovation and customer focus helped take Submarine Networks 
above EUR 1 billion in sales in 2022, a first for this business division. 
2. Mobile Networks 
Market Overview 
Mobile Networks creates products and services covering all mobile technology generations. Its portfolio includes 
products for radio access networks and microwave radio (“MWR”) links for transport networks and solutions for 
network management, as well as network planning, optimisation, network deployment and technical support 
services. The estimated Mobile Networks addressable market for 2022 was EUR 51 billion.  
We see opportunities in 5G that go beyond building coverage and capacity for basic mobile voice and mobile 
broadband. This includes industrial 5G use cases with private wireless networks in various segments such as 
manufacturing and logistics, seaports and cargo handling, airports and airline companies, mining vehicles and 
operations, utilities such as electricity, gas and water, smart agriculture, and smart cities.  
There are opportunities in 4G/5G network slicing, artificial intelligence and machine learning and network 
architecture evolution with Cloud RAN and O-RAN. We will also support the deployment of 5G-Advanced 
networks with feature and solution areas including Extended Reality and prepare capabilities for the introduction 
of 6G towards the end of the decade.   
The RAN market in 2022 faced various challenges including continued, industry-wide supply chain disruptions 
and geopolitical turbulence, largely and especially due to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. However, outside of 
Russia, Nokia grew its RAN sales in almost all markets. 
Business Overview and Organisation 
Like many others, Nokia was impacted by industry-wide supply constraints, particularly in the first half of 2022. 
However, Nokia was able to mitigate this impact, retaining all of its customers and the entirety of its global RAN 
footprint in 2022. We also increased the rate of converting 4G customers to 5G from a cumulative 90 per cent. in 
the fourth quarter of 2021 to a cumulative 110 per cent., excluding China, at the end of 2022.   
In 2022, we reached a cumulative number of 266 commercial 5G deals in the form of supply agreements, 83 of 
which were live 5G networks by the end of the year. Nokia has also grown its private wireless business, which 
has expanded to include over 560 customers, 100 of which are 5G customers. Nokia announced new, important 
5G deals in the CSP market in 2022 - including those with Bharti Airtel and Reliance Jio in India, AT&T in 
Mexico, Ice in Norway, and Indosat Ooredoo Hutchison and XL Axiata in Indonesia. We also announced long-
term expansion deals with existing 5G customers including Chunghwa Telecom and Taiwan Mobile in Taiwan, 
and Orange and T-Mobile in Poland.   
In 2022, Mobile Networks continued its investment in research and development to further strengthen our 5G 
portfolio’s competitiveness and bring the best-performing networks to our customers. We also completed our 
target of converting close to 100 per cent. of our 5G deliveries to ReefShark System-on-Chip (“SoC”) technology 
in 2022, while keeping a few selected products FPGA-based when doing so best suited the needs of the customer. 
In 2022, some of our first-to-market 5G features include the following:  
• 
We demonstrated three and four component carrier aggregation (3CC CA and 4CC CA), which allows 
for increased data speeds and extended coverage, and announced related technology agreements with A1 
Austria, BT in the UK, China Mobile, du in the UAE, Optus in Australia, Telefónica Germany, T-Mobile 
in the U.S. and stc in Saudi-Arabia.  
• 
We announced a RAN slicing deal with Proximus in Belgium and demonstrated a new dynamic network 
slicing solution with Google, as well as the world’s first commercial 5G SA network with network slicing 
for Fixed Wireless Access with Telia in Finland.

--- Page 120 ---
110 
 
• 
We achieved an uplink speed record with Elisa and Qualcomm in Finland, leveraging millimeter wave 
spectrum with carrier aggregation, and the deployment of the world’s first 5G Edge Slicing solution on 
a live commercial network with Cellcom in Israel and Telia in Finland.   
In 2022, we have also continued to invest in our Open RAN capabilities, with the majority of Nokia’s SoCs and 
new hardware and software platforms now being O-RAN ready. This gives us the opportunity to support 
customers that are interested in O-RAN. Nokia also expanded its partner base for Cloud RAN solutions and added 
IBM, Dell and HPE to its list of partners, which also includes Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud and Microsoft 
Azure. We also announced a 3GPP non-terrestrial (NTN) RAN deal with AST SpaceMobile that will enable them 
to offer direct-to-cell phone connectivity from space - a move which marks our entry and leadership into the 
emerging non-terrestrial networks (“NTN”) market segment. During 2022, several new products were added to 
the Nokia Wavence MWR portfolio. This includes a new dual-band, high-capacity outdoor transceiver. This will 
help to fulfil the needs of the rapidly growing rural broadband market. Nokia also trialled a live MWR backhaul 
connection utilising D-Band spectrum. This will serve as an ultra-high-capacity extension for both 5G backhaul 
and fronthaul in dense urban environments. 
In services, we continued investing in digitalisation and AI/ML-based capabilities to enable faster rollouts and the 
speedy resolution of network faults, while maximising network performance. With our digital services portfolio, 
we are helping our customers accelerate their entire network lifecycle, from network design and optimisation to 
deployment and technical support services. We are upgrading approximately two million nodes for our customers 
per year, while designing and optimising more than 380,000 radio sites. In addition, over 400 customers are using 
our AI-driven Nokia Digital Assistant to help them solve network issues faster. 
Nokia’s technology is designed to be energy efficient and contribute towards mobile operators’ climate and 
environmental targets. In 2022, Nokia announced the commercial availability of its liquid cooled AirScale 
Baseband portfolio, which enables a reduction in cooling system energy consumption of up to 90 per cent. We 
also introduced the Intelligent RAN Operations solution for heightened 5G network management, which reduces 
base station energy consumption by up to 15 per cent. 
3. Cloud and Network Services 
Market Overview 
The introduction and monetisation of 5G networks and services, the cloudification of communications platforms 
and software and the transition to as-a-Service models are increasing demands on organisations to find new ways 
to generate returns on their digital assets, optimise costs, navigate complexity, and mitigate security risks for their 
mission-critical networks. 
The estimated CNS addressable market for 2022 was approximately EUR 28 billion, excluding Russia and 
Belarus. 
Business Overview and Organisation 
CNS is composed of four business units: Business Applications, Cloud and Cognitive Services, Core Networks, 
and Enterprise Solutions. Our emerging Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) delivery model underpins each business 
unit to help customers transition to greater network flexibility and achieve faster time to value. In October 2022, 
we announced our Network Monetisation Platform, which aims to accelerate the monetisation of our open 
products in Business Applications, Core, and MX Industrial Edge. 
CNS delivers cloud-native solutions that provide network quality of service and agility; and enable customers to 
leverage intelligence that facilitates network efficiency, self-protection and self-healing, and energy management. 
We deploy industrial solutions that drive digital transformation and Industry 4.0, and help CSPs automate network 
operations and manage security. 
In 2022, we were ranked #1 by Omdia5 for our 5G Standalone Core portfolio competitiveness strength; ranked #1 
in Private Cellular Networks by 650 Group6; awarded two TM Forum Excellence awards for our software in AI, 
 
5 Omdia Market Landscape: Core 2022 (June 2022). 
6 650 Group, “Private Cellular Quarterly Market and Long-Term  Forecast Report”  (June 21, 2022).

--- Page 121 ---
111 
 
Data & Insights and Customer Experience & Trust7; rated #1 in automated assurance by Analysys Mason8; and 
rated again by GlobalData as a Managed Infrastructure Services leader9.  
We have rebalanced our investment to accelerate and scale our portfolio growth areas of 5G core software, 
analytics and AI Services, digital operations, monetisation, private wireless and industrial automation, and 
security. We believe these fast-growing, higher-margin areas are important to our CSP and enterprise customers 
and reflect our view on the emergence of a new digital ecosystem that is essential to value creation in a 5G world.  
Expanding on this view and how it has informed the rebalanced operations of CNS, the new digital ecosystem is 
one in which we believe players will converge to combine their expertise to create services across areas such as 
Industry 4.0 and the metaverse; and in which application developers create new 5G services that are stitched 
together in a larger service chain, delivering end-user value and driving the monetisation efforts that our CSP and 
enterprise customers are heavily focused on. 
4. Nokia Technologies 
Market Overview 
Nokia Technologies is responsible for managing Nokia’s patent portfolio and monetising Nokia’s intellectual 
property, including patents, technologies and the Nokia brand, building on Nokia’s continued innovation 
leadership, long-term investment into research and development and decades of driving technology standards 
development. Licensees pay royalty fees for the use of our technology, which we re-invest, along with additional 
investment, in developing the next generation of inventions. 
Net sales for 2022 were up 6 per cent. to EUR 1.60 billion compared to EUR 1.50 billion in 2021 and segment 
operating profit was up 2 per cent. to EUR 1.21 billion compared to EUR 1.19 billion in 2021. We signed over 50 
new patent license agreements across our licensing programmes, including a new agreement with Huawei. 
Revenues from our automotive, consumer electronics, and IoT programmes, which were negligible in 2018, grew 
to more than EUR 100 million in 2022. 
Business Overview and Organisation 
Nokia Technologies has three business areas: (i) Patent Licensing of Nokia’s patent portfolio; (ii) Technology 
Licensing of Nokia’s technologies for integration into consumer devices; and (iii) and Brand Partnerships for 
licensing the Nokia brand.  
Patent Licensing: We manage the Nokia patent portfolio, working with other Nokia business groups, and continue 
to grow our patent licensing and monetisation activities, which drive most of Nokia Technologies’ net sales. The 
core of our business is the mobile devices licensing programme, where we have agreements with most major 
smartphone vendors. We also have patent licensing programmes for consumer electronics, video services, 
automotive and the wider IoT domain.    
Technology Licensing: We license our OZO Audio and OZO Playback multimedia technologies to smartphone 
and camera manufacturers and drive advanced audio and video research and standardisation, along with product 
incubation for new immersive voice and video solutions.   
Brand Partnerships: We license the Nokia brand - a globally recognised brand - to HMD Global, the company 
behind Nokia-branded phones and tablets, and other brand partners.  
Innovation and Standards Leadership. 
Nokia has defined many of the fundamental technologies used in virtually all mobile devices and taken a leading 
role in open standardisation. Since 2000, Nokia has invested more than EUR 140 billion in research and 
development (R&D). As a result, we own one of the broadest and strongest patent portfolios in the 
telecommunications sector with approximately 20,000 patent families (each family can comprise several 
individual patents).  
 
7 TM Forum Excellence Awards (September 2022). 
8  Analysys Mason, Automated assurance: worldwide market shares 2021 (July 2022). 
9  Global Data Product Assessment report - Managed Infrastructure Services for telcos (February 15, 2022).

--- Page 122 ---
112 
 
We own a leading share of Standard Essential Patents (“SEPs”) in every generation of cellular standards, with 
over 4,500 patent families declared as essential to 5G standards. We have been ranked #1 in several independent 
third party studies for our cellular standards patents. 
Our portfolio also covers significant multimedia assets, particularly in video compression technology, which 
allows large files to be shared across the internet. The work of Nokia’s inventors in video research and 
standardisation has been recognised with numerous prestigious awards, including five Technology & Engineering 
Emmy® Awards. 
Nokia was one of the first companies in the world to achieve the globally recognised ISO 9001 certification for 
our high-quality patent portfolio management processes.  
Our portfolio has a long lifetime, with the vast majority of patents still in force in ten years’ time. We continue to 
refresh our portfolio with new inventions every year. In 2022, we filed patent applications on more than 1,700 
new inventions, enabling 5G networks, connected 5G devices and more. As we continue to invest heavily in R&D 
and standardisation, the annual number of filings is expected to grow. 
Supply chain, sourcing and manufacturing  
Nokia’s supply chain is essential for our customers, our business, and for managing customer demand and supply 
for our hardware, software and contract manufactured products. Our end-to-end operations include sourcing, 
demand and supply planning, manufacturing, distribution and logistics. 
In 2022, we purchased over EUR 15 billion worth of products and services from approximately 11,000 different 
suppliers.  
While new opportunities for better managing our supply chain emerged in 2022, there were also challenges. Rising 
geopolitical instability, the continued reduced availability of semiconductors, COVID-19-related lockdowns, and 
impacts stemming from climate change continued to affect operations across industries. Nokia did, however, 
perform well despite these global challenges. 
Early in 2022, we saw meaningful constraints on our ability to supply our customers due to component availability, 
although as the situation improved through the second half of the year, the financial impact on our net sales for 
2022 was minimal. Cost inflation through the supply chain also impacted our margins but through continued focus 
on improving our product cost and careful management of our customer pricing, we were largely able to offset 
this and still deliver an improved gross margin in 2022. 
Increasing resilience through strong partnerships and a regional approach 
As we further develop a robust and sustainable supply chain that can best serve our customers, increasing 
resilience is critical. We continuously optimise our manufacturing, distribution and supplier network across the 
regions in which we operate to better serve our customers. We also leverage artificial intelligence and machine 
learning capabilities to better develop our supply chain and factory network.  
Our geographically dispersed manufacturing network consists of both our own manufacturing (23 per cent. of the 
network) and contract manufacturing partners to minimise geographic and geopolitical risks. Our network is 
strategically located around the world: Europe (27 per cent.), Asia Pacific, Japan/India (27 per cent.), China (32 
per cent.) and the Americas (14 per cent.). Our regional approach will not only enable us to deliver a more rapid 
response to our customers’ needs, but also reduce transportation costs and CO2 emissions. 
In 2022, we increased manufacturing capacity with a contract manufacturer in Europe and opened a new 
distribution hub in Japan. Furthermore, we are in the process of further regionalising our manufacturing and 
distribution to be closer to our customers in different regions. Due to the continued uncertainties caused by the 
current geopolitical situation, we have reviewed and optimised our inventory strategies to increase resilience. 
Where needed, we have successfully activated business continuity plans to ensure uninterrupted manufacturing.   
Sustainability through innovation 
We are committed to cutting greenhouse gas emissions across our value chain by 50 per cent. by 2030, in line 
with our science-based target. This commitment requires action from us, but also from across our value chain. We 
work closely with the entirety of our supply chain to develop new digital solutions and product innovations to cut 
emissions. Our own factories are on track to be carbon neutral by 2025, powered by hydro, wind, solar and other

--- Page 123 ---
113 
 
sustainable sources. In 2022, we continued to work with our Electronics Manufacturing services suppliers to build 
the roadmaps to achieve a mutually agreed target that the Nokia portion of their manufacturing reach net zero by 
2030. 
We clearly communicate our Third party Code of Conduct and Nokia Supplier Requirements-which incorporate 
Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) Code of Conduct requirements-to our suppliers. These include standards 
for responsible sourcing in important areas such as the environment and human rights. Adherence is checked 
through audits and EcoVadis documentation audits, before being followed-up via one-on-one sessions. In 2022, 
we also conducted dedicated learning sessions that focused on labour migration, diversity and inclusion, 
circularity and recycled materials.   
We continued to collaborate with our suppliers to encourage sustainable solutions in transportation, logistics and 
packaging. We are committed to prioritising and strengthening resilience and sustainability across the end-to-end 
supply chain to help us deal with challenges that arise effectively, and to be prepared for any future challenges.  
Refer to “Description of Nokia - Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility” section for more information on 
Nokia’s sustainability targets and achievements, including those related to supplier sustainability. 
Russian Operations 
On 12 April 2022, Nokia announced its intention to exit the Russian market. Nokia suspended all deliveries to 
Russia in March 2022 and has now substantially completed its full exit from the Russian market. Nokia recognised 
a provision of EUR 104 million in Q1 2022 in relation to Russia. By the end of Q1 2023, a majority of that 
provision was either used or released.  Russia accounted for less than 2 per cent. of Nokia’s net sales in 2021. Net 
sales in Russia declined approximately EUR 80 million year-on-year in Q4 2022 and approximately EUR 260 
million in full year 2022. 
Operational Governance and Leadership 
We have a strong and experienced leadership team that brings together leaders with many years of experience in 
telecommunications and technology, finance, sales and operations and various other business disciplines.  
The diversity of business backgrounds of the Nokia Group Leadership Team (the “Group Leadership Team”) 
members has been integral to the transformation of Nokia into an industry and innovation leader in next-generation 
technology and services in recent years. 
The Group Leadership Team is responsible for the operative management of Nokia, including decisions 
concerning our strategy and the overall business portfolio.  The Chair and members of the Group Leadership Team 
are appointed by the Board.  The Group Leadership Team is chaired by the President and Chief Executive Officer. 
On 31 December 2022, the Group Leadership Team consisted of 10 members, including the President and CEO, 
representing six different nationalities. In total 30 per cent. of the Group Leadership Team members were female. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, our Group Leadership Team consists of 11 members, following the 
appointment of Esa Niinimäki as Chief Legal Officer in January 2023. The current Group Leadership Team has a 
representation of six different nationalities and 27 per cent. of the members are female. 
 
Name 
Position  
Gender 
Year of 
birth 
Nationality 
On GLT   
since 
 
Pekka Lundmark 
President and CEO 
Male 
1963 
Finnish 
2020 
 
Nishant Batra 
Chief Strategy and Technology 
Officer 
Male 
1978 
Indian 
2021 
 
Ricky Corker 
Chief Customer Experience 
Officer 
Male 
1967 
Australian 
2019 
Federico Guillén 
President of Network 
Infrastructure  
Male 
1963 
Spanish 
2016 
Amy Hanlon-
Rodemich* 
Chief People Officer 
Female 
1972 
American 
2022 
 
 
Jenni Lukander 
President of Nokia 
Technologies 
Female 
1974 
Finnish 
2019

--- Page 124 ---
114 
 
Raghav Sahgal 
President of Cloud and Network 
Services 
Male 
1962 
American 
2020 
 
Melissa Schoeb 
Chief Corporate Affairs Officer Female 
1968 
American 
2021 
 
Tommi Uitto 
President of Mobile Networks Male 
1969 
Finnish 
2019 
 
Marco Wirén 
Chief Financial Officer 
Male 
1966 
Finnish 
2020 
 
Esa Niinimäki** 
Chief Legal Officer 
Male 
1976 
Finnish 
2023 
 
*On 6 May 2022, Nokia announced that its Chief People Officer, Stephanie Werner-Dietz, had informed Nokia of her intention to step down 
from the Group Leadership Team and leave Nokia to take up a position in another company, effective as of  31 August 2022. Amy Hanlon-
Rodemich has been appointed as, Chief People Officer, effective as of 24 October 2022. 
** Nassib Abou-Khalil stepped down as Chief Legal Officer on 6 October 2022 and was replaced by Esa Niinimäki, effective as of 25 January 
2023. 
Biographies of the members of the Group Leadership Team as at the date of this Base Prospectus are set forth 
below.   
Pekka Lundmark, b. 1963 
President and Chief Executive Officer(CEO) since 2020.  Rejoined 
Nokia in 2020.  
Master of Science, Department of Technical Physics, Helsinki 
University of Technology, Finland. 
President and CEO, Fortum Corporation, 2015–2020. President and 
CEO, Konecranes Plc, 2005–2015 and Group Executive Vice 
President, 2004–2005. President and CEO, Hackman Oyj, 2002–
2004. Managing Partner, Startupfactory, 2000–2002. Various 
executive positions at Nokia 1990–2000. 
Commissioner, 
Broadband 
Commission 
for 
Sustainable 
Development,  Research Institute of the Finnish Economy (ETLA) 
and Finnish Business and Policy Forum (EVA).  International 
Member of the Academy, Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering 
Sciences (IVA).  Member of the Board, Finnish Athletics 
Federation. 
Chairman of the Board, Confederation of Finnish Industries 2019–
2020. Member of the Board, East Office of Finnish Industries, 
2009–2020. Chairman of the Board, Finnish Energy 2016–2018.

--- Page 125 ---
115 
 
Nishant Batra, b. 1978 
Chief Strategy and Technology Officer, Group Leadership Team 
member since 2021.  Joined Nokia in 2021. 
Master’s degree in Business Administration from INSEAD, France, 
master’s degrees in Telecommunications and in Computer Science 
from Southern Methodist University, United States, and a 
bachelor’s degree in Computer Applications from Devi Ahilya 
University, Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India. 
EVP and Chief Technology Officer, Veoneer, 2018-2021.  Head of 
Product Area Networks, Ericsson, 2016–2018. Head of 
Engagement Practices for India region, Ericsson, 2013–2015. VP 
and General Manager (KAM) MetroPCS (now TMUS), Ericsson, 
2011–2013. VP and CTO, Mid-Tier Customer Unit, and Young 
Advisor to CEO & President, Ericsson, 2010–2011. Director, 
Wireless Customer Solutions, Ericsson, 2009–2010. Product 
Manager, Long-Term Evolution, Business Unit Networks, 
Ericsson, 2008–2009. Business Development and Strategy 
Manager, Multimedia, Ericsson, 2007–2008. Account Manager, 
AT&T KAM, Region U.S. and Canada Ericsson, 2006–2007. 
Senior Consultant to Verizon – Information Technology, Corpus, 
2003–2005. Consultant to Verizon – Information Technology, 
Corpus, 2002–2003. Software Lead, Controlling Factor, 2001-
2002. 
Ricky Corker, b. 1967 
Chief Customer Experience Officer (CCXO).  Group Leadership 
Team member since 2019.  Joined Nokia in 1993. 
Bachelor’s degree in Communications and Electronic Engineering 
from the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology in Australia. 
Previously EVP and President of North America  Nokia 2011-2018.  
Head of APAC, Nokia Siemens Networks 2009-2011.  Head of 
Sales, APAC, Nokia Siemens Networks 2009. Head of Asia North 
Region, Nokia Siemens Networks 2008-2009.  Head of Hutchison 
Global Customer Business Team, Nokia Siemens Networks 2007-
2008.  Vice President APAC, Nokia Networks 2005-2007.  Lead 
Sales Director APAC, Nokia Networks 2004-2005.  Account 
Director Telstra, Nokia Networks 2002-2003.  Account Director 
Vodafone Australia and New Zealand, Sales Director Vodafone 
APAC Customer Business Team, Nokia Networks 2001-2002.  
Commercial Director Global Accounts British Telecom, Nokia 
Networks 2001. Held senior sales and marketing positions at Nokia 
1993-2001. 
Independent member of the Board of Directors, Sensys Gatso 
Group.

--- Page 126 ---
116 
 
Federico Guillén, b. 1963 
President of Network Infrastructure.  Group Leadership Team 
member since 2016.  Joined Nokia in 2016. 
Degree in Telecommunications Engineering, ETSIT at Universidad 
Politécnica de Madrid, Spain.  Master’s degree in Switching & 
Communication Architectures, ETSIT at Universidad Politécnica 
de Madrid, Spain.  Master’s Degree in International Management, 
ESC Lyon and Alcatel, France. 
President of Customer Operations, Europe, Middle East & Africa 
and Asia Pacific, Nokia 2018–2020. President of Fixed Networks, 
Nokia 2016–2018. President of Fixed Networks, Alcatel-Lucent 
2013–2016. President and Chief Senior Officer of Alcatel-Lucent 
Spain and Global Account Manager Telefónica, Alcatel-Lucent 
2009–2013. Vice President Sales of Vertical Market Sales in 
Western Europe, Alcatel-Lucent 2009. Head of Regional Support 
Centre, Fixed Access Division for South Europe, Middle East & 
Africa, India and Caribbean & Latin America, Alcatel-Lucent 
2007–2009. President and Chief Senior Officer, Alcatel Mexico and 
Global Account Manager, Telmex 2003–2007. Various R&D, 
portfolio and sales management positions with Telettra in Spain, 
and with Alcatel in Spain, Belgium and the United States 1989–
2003. 
Amy Hanlon-Rodemich, b. 1972 
Chief People Officer (CPO). Group Leadership Team member since 
2022. Joined Nokia in 2022.  
Master of Human Resources and Organisational Development, 
University of San Francisco, the United States. Bachelor of Arts in 
English, Tufts University, Boston, the United States. 
Chief People Officer, GlobalLogic, a Hitachi Group Company 
2019-2022. Vice President, Human Resources, Synopsys, Inc. 
2017-2019. Executive Vice President, People Success, Milestone 
Technologies 2016-2017. Director and Global HR Head, Yahoo 
2013-2016. Various positions such as Senior HR Business Partner, 
Senior Manager, Director, Global Talent Development Operations, 
VMware 2004-2013. Employee Relations Specialist, Technology 
Credit Union 2003-2004. Human Resources Manager, CAT 
Technology 2000-2003. Manager, Staffing Programmes, Inktomi 
Corporation 1996-2000. 
Member of the Board, Exceptional Women Awardees Foundation. 
Advisory Board member, Topia, Inc. Advisory Board Member, 
BrightPlan. Co-Chair and Governing Board Member, CHRO 
Executive Summit (Evanta). Board Member, Bay Area Executive 
Development Network. 
Jenni Lukander, b. 1974 
President of Nokia Technologies.  Group Leadership Team member 
since 2019.  Joined Nokia in 2007. 
Master of Laws, University of Helsinki, Finland. 
Senior Vice President, head of Patent Business, Nokia 2018 – 2019. 
Vice President, head of Patent Licensing, Nokia 2018. Vice 
President, head of Litigation and Competition Law, Nokia 2016 – 
2018. Director, head of Regulatory and Competition Law, Nokia 
2015 – 2016. Director, head of Competition Law, Nokia 2011 – 
2015 Senior Legal Counsel, Nokia 2007 – 2011. Visiting lawyer 
Nokia 2001. Lawyer, Roschier Ltd. 1999 – 2007.

--- Page 127 ---
117 
 
Esa Niinimäki, b. 1976 
Chief Legal Officer (CLO) and Board Secretary (CLO). Group 
Leadership Team member since 2023. Joined Nokia in 2007. 
Master of Laws, Fordham University, School of Law, New York, 
the United States. Master of Laws, University of Helsinki, Finland. 
Interim Chief Legal Officer, Nokia 2022-2023. Deputy Chief Legal 
Officer, Vice President, Corporate Legal and Board Secretary, 
Nokia 2018-2023. General Counsel, Global Services, Nokia 2015-
2018. Head of Corporate Legal, Nokia Solutions and Networks and 
Head of Finance & Labor Legal, Nokia 2013-2015. Senior Legal 
Counsel, Legal and IP, India, Middle East and Africa, Nokia 2012-
2013. (Senior) Legal Counsel, Corporate Legal, Nokia 2007-2011. 
Group Legal Counsel, Metsä Group 2005-2007. Associate Lawyer, 
White & Case LLP 2003-2005. 
Member of the Market Practice Board of Securities Market 
Association, Finland; the Advisory Board of the Finnish Listed 
Companies; the Legal Affairs Committee of the Confederation of 
Finnish Industries and the Policy Committee of the Directors’ 
Institute of Finland. 
Raghav Sahgal b. 1962 
President of Cloud and Network Services.  Group Leadership Team 
member since 2020.  Joined Nokia 2017.  
Master of Science in Computer Systems Management, University 
of Maryland, United States.  Bachelor of Science in Computer 
Engineering, Tulane University, New Orleans, United States.  
Executive Business Certificate in General Management, Harvard 
University, United States. 
President of Nokia Enterprise 2020. Senior Vice President, Nokia 
Software 2017–2020. President, NICE Ltd. Asia Pacific and the 
Middle East, 2010–2017. Advisory Board Member, Orga Systems 
2010–2014. Vice President, Communications Business Unit, Asia 
Pacific & Japan, Oracle 2008–2010. Chief Business Officer, 
Comverse, 2005–2006. Executive Vice President, Asia Pacific, 
CSG 2002–2005. Vice President, Software Products Group Asia 
Pacific, Lucent Technologies 2000–2002.  
Melissa Schoeb, b. 1968 
Chief Corporate Affairs Officer and member of the Group 
Leadership Team, since 2021.  Joined Nokia in 2021. 
Bachelor of Arts in International Relations and Spanish, 1990. 
Previously Vice President, Corporate Affairs, Occidental 2017 -
2021.  Vice President, Communications and Public Affairs, 
Occidental 2012–2017. Senior Director, Communications and 
Public Affairs, Occidental 2007–2012. Senior Vice President and 
Senior Partner, General Manager, Fleishman Hillard (Southern 
California, U.S.) 2002–2007. Director of Global Communications, 
Nortel Networks (Santa Clara, U.S.) 2000–2002. Vice President, 
Technology, Fleishman Hillard (San Francisco, U.S.) 1998–2000. 
Business Director, The VenCom Group Inc, (Chicago, U.S.) 1995–
1997. Consultant, Gemini Consulting, London, the United 
Kingdom, Washington D.C., the United States 1991–1995.

--- Page 128 ---
118 
 
Tommi Uitto, b. 1969 
President of Mobile Networks.  Group Leadership Team member 
since 2019.  Joined Nokia in 1996. 
Master’s degrees from the Helsinki University of Technology, 
Finland, and Michigan Technological University, U.S. 
Previously Senior Vice President, Global Product Sales, Mobile 
Networks 2016 – 2018. Senior Vice President, Global MB Sales, 
Customer Operations, Nokia Networks 2015 – 2016. Senior Vice 
President, West Europe, Customer Operations, Nokia Networks 
2013 – 2015. Head of Radio Cluster (SVP), Mobile Broadband, 
Nokia Siemens Networks 2012 – 2013. Head of Global LTE Radio 
Access Business Line (VP), Mobile Broadband, Nokia Siemens 
Networks 2011 – 2012. Head of Quality, Mobile Broadband 2012. 
Head of Product Management, Network Systems, Nokia Siemens 
Networks 2010. Head of Product Management, Radio Access, 
Nokia Siemens Networks 2009. Head of WCDMA/HSPA and 
Radio Platforms Product Management, Nokia Siemens Networks, 
2008. Head of WCDMA/HSPA Product Line Management, Nokia 
Siemens Networks 2007. General Manager, Radio Controller 
Product Management, Nokia Networks 2005 – 2007. Director, 
Sales & Marketing (Lead Sales Director), France Telecom/Orange 
Nokia Networks 2002 – 2005. Operations Director, Northeast 
Europe, Central & Eastern Europe and Middle East, Nokia 
Networks 1999 – 2002. 
Marco Wirén, b. 1966 
Chief Financial Officer (CFO).  Group Leadership Team member 
since 2020.  Joined Nokia in 2020.  
Master’s degree in Business Administration, University of Uppsala, 
Sweden.  Studies in management and strategic leadership, including 
at Duke Business School, United States, IMD, Switzerland and 
Stockholm School of Economics, Sweden. 
President, Wärtsilä Energy and Executive Vice President, Wärtsilä 
Group 2018–2020. Executive Vice President and CFO, Wärtsilä 
Group 2013–2018. Executive Vice President and CFO, SSAB 
Group 2008–2013. Vice President, Business Control, SSAB Group 
2007–2008.  CFO, Eltel Networks 2006–2007. Vice President of 
Business development, Eltel Networks 2004–2005. Head of Service 
Division, Eltel Networks 2003–2004. Vice President, Corporate 
Development, Eltel Networks 2002–2003. Vice President, Strategy 
& Business Development, NCC Group 1999–2002. Head of 
Strategic Planning, NCC Group 1998–1999. Group Controller, 
NCC Group, 1996–1998. 
Vice Chair of the Board of Directors of Neste Corporation 2019-
2023 and member of the Board of Directors of Neste Corporation 
2015-2023.  
The business address of the persons mentioned above is Karakaari 7, FI-02610 Espoo, Finland.  There are no 
conflicts of interest between any duties to Nokia of the members of the current Leadership Team and their private 
interests or duties.  
Dividend and share buy-backs  
The dividend to shareholders is Nokia’s principal method of distributing earnings to shareholders. The dividend 
policy was updated at the Capital Markets Day in March 2021 to “target recurring, stable and over time growing 
ordinary dividend payments, taking into account the previous year’s earnings as well as the company’s financial 
position and business outlook”.

--- Page 129 ---
119 
 
The Board of directors (the “Board” or “Board of Directors”) proposed to the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) 
held on 4 April 2023 (and the AGM approved) to be authorised to decide, in its discretion, on the distribution of 
an aggregate maximum of EUR 0.12 per share as dividend and/or as assets from the reserve for invested 
unrestricted equity, such authorisation to be used to distribute dividend and/or assets from the reserve for invested 
unrestricted equity in four installments during the authorisation period, in connection with the quarterly results, 
unless the Board of Directors decides otherwise for a justified reason. The authorisation for distribution of 
dividend and/or assets from the reserve for invested unrestricted equity is in line with the Company’s dividend 
policy and will be valid until the opening of the 2024 Annual General Meeting. On 20 April 2023, the Board 
resolved to distribute a dividend of EUR 0.03 per share. The dividend record date was on 25 April 2023 and the 
dividend was paid on or around 4 May 2023. Following this distribution, the Board’s remaining distribution 
authorisation is a maximum of EUR 0.09 per share. 
In 2020 and 2021, Nokia generated strong cash flow which has significantly improved the cash position of the 
company. To manage the company’s capital structure, Nokia’s Board of Directors initiated a share buyback 
programme under the authorisations from the 2021 and 2022 Annual General Meetings to repurchase shares to 
return up to EUR 600 million of cash to shareholders in tranches over a period of two years. The first phase of the 
share buyback programme with a maximum aggregate purchase price of EUR 300 million started in February 
2022 and ended in November 2022. The second EUR 300 million phase of the share buyback programme started 
in January 2023 and it will end at the latest by 21 December 2023. Under this phase, by 31 March 2023, Nokia 
had repurchased 19,019,000 of its own shares at an average price per share of approximately EUR 4.41. 
We distribute distributable funds, if any, within the limits set by the Finnish Companies Act. We make and 
calculate the distribution, if any, in the form of cash dividends, assets from the reserve for invested unrestricted 
equity, share buybacks, or in some other form, or a combination of these. There is no specific formula by which 
the amount of a distribution is determined, although some limits set by law are discussed below. The timing and 
amount of future distributions of retained earnings and/or assets from the reserve for invested unrestricted equity, 
if any, will depend on our future results and financial conditions. 
Under the Finnish Companies Act, we may distribute retained earnings and/or assets from the reserve for invested 
unrestricted equity on our shares only upon a shareholders’ resolution and subject to limited exceptions in the 
amount proposed by the Board.  The amount of any distribution is limited to the amount of distributable earnings 
of the Issuer pursuant to the last audited financial statements approved by our shareholders, taking into account 
the material changes in the financial situation of the Issuer after the end of the last financial period and a statutory 
requirement that the distribution of earnings must not result in insolvency of the Issuer.  Subject to exceptions 
relating to the right of minority shareholders to request a certain minimum distribution, the distribution may not 
exceed the amount proposed by the Board of Directors. 
Principal Group Companies 
Company name 
Country of 
incorporation 
Parent 
holding % 
Group 
ownership 
interest % 
Nokia Solutions and Networks Oy .................................... 
Finland 
100.0 
100.0 
Nokia of America Corporation .......................................... 
United States 
- 
100.0 
Nokia Shanghai Bell Co., Ltd(1) ......................................... 
China 
- 
50.0 
Nokia Solutions and Networks B.V. ................................. 
Netherlands 
- 
100.0 
Nokia Technologies Oy ..................................................... 
Finland 
100.0 
100.0 
Nokia Participations .......................................................... 
France 
- 
100.0 
Alcatel Lucent ................................................................... 
France 
- 
100.0 
Nokia Networks France ..................................................... 
France 
- 
100.0 
Nokia Solutions and Networks India Private Limited ....... 
India 
- 
100.0 
Nokia Solutions and Networks Japan G.K. ....................... 
Japan 
- 
100.0 
Nokia Solutions and Networks Branch Operations Oy ..... 
Finland 
- 
100.0 
Alcatel Submarine Networks ............................................. 
France 
- 
100.0 
Nokia Arabia Limited ........................................................ 
Saudi Arabia 
- 
100.0 
Nokia 
Solutions 
and 
Networks 
do 
Brasil 
Telecomunicações Ltda. ............................................. 
Brazil 
- 
100.0 
Nokia Solutions and Networks Taiwan Co., Ltd. .............. 
Taiwan 
- 
100.0 
Nokia Spain, S.A. .............................................................. 
Spain 
- 
100.0 
Nokia UK Limited ............................................................. 
United Kingdom 
- 
100.0 
Nokia Solutions and Networks System Technology 
(Beijing) Co., Ltd(2). ................................................... 
China 
- 
50.0

--- Page 130 ---
120 
 
Nokia Canada Inc. ............................................................. 
Canada 
- 
100.0 
Nokia Solutions and Networks Italia S.p.A. ...................... 
Italy 
- 
100.0 
Nokia Solutions and Networks Australia Pty Ltd .............. 
Australia 
- 
100.0 
 
(1)  Nokia Group owns 50% plus one share of Nokia Shanghai Bell Co., Ltd. with China Huaxin, an entity controlled by the Chinese 
government, holding the remaining ownership interests. Nokia Shanghai Bell Co., Ltd is the parent company of the Nokia Shanghai Bell 
Group (NSB Group).  Refer to Note 30 “Significant partly owned subsidiaries” in Nokia’s audited consolidated financial statements as 
at and for the twelve months ended 31 December 2022 which are incorporated by reference.  See “Information Incorporated by 
Reference”. 
(2) Nokia Solutions and Network System Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nokia Shanghai Bell Co., Ltd. 
and the Nokia Group has control over this subsidiary through its holding in the NSB Group. 
Shareholders  
To our knowledge, Nokia is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any other corporation or any 
government, and there are no arrangements that may result in a change of control of Nokia. 
Directors, Senior Management and Employees 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act and Nokia’s Articles of Association, 
the control and management of Nokia are divided among the shareholders at a general meeting of shareholders, 
the Board, the President and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and the Group Leadership Team, chaired by the 
President and CEO. 
Board of Directors  
The operations of Nokia are managed under the direction of the Board, within the framework set by the Finnish 
Companies Act and Nokia’s Articles of Association as well as any complementary rules of procedure as defined 
by the Board, such as the Corporate Governance Guidelines and the charters of the Board’s Committees. 
Pursuant to the Articles of Association of Nokia Corporation, we have a Board that is composed of a minimum of 
seven and a maximum of 12 members.  The members of the Board are elected at least annually at each Annual 
General Meeting with a simple majority of the shareholders’ votes cast at the Annual General Meeting.  The term 
of a Board member begins at the close of the general meeting at which he or she was elected, or later as resolved 
by the general meeting, and expires at the close of the following Annual General Meeting.  The Annual General 
Meeting convenes by 30 June annually. 
Our Board’s leadership structure consists of a Chair and Vice Chair elected annually by the Board, and confirmed 
by the independent directors of the Board from among the Board members upon the recommendation of the 
Corporate Governance and Nomination Committee. The Chair of the Board has certain specific duties as stipulated 
by Finnish law and our Corporate Governance Guidelines.  The Vice Chair of the Board assumes the duties of the 
Chair of the Board in the event he or she is prevented from performing his or her duties. 
The independent directors of the new Board also confirm the election of the members and chairs for the Board’s 
Committees from among the Board’s independent directors upon the recommendation of the Corporate 
Governance and Nomination Committee and based on each Committee’s member qualification standards.  These 
elections take place at the Board’s assembly meeting following the general meeting.  
The Corporate Governance and Nomination Committee’s aim is to continually renew the Board to ensure an 
efficient Board of international professionals with a diverse mix of skills, experience and other personal qualities 
in line with the diversity principles established by the Board.  The Corporate Governance and Nomination 
Committee considers potential director candidates based on the short- and long-term needs of the Company.  In 
the process to identify and select the candidates matching these needs and desired profiles, the Committee engages 
search firms and external advisors. 
The Annual General Meeting held on 4 April 2023  resolved to elect ten members to the Board. The following 
eight members of the Board were re-elected for the term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting: 
Sari Baldauf, Thomas Dannenfeldt, Lisa Hook, Jeanette Horan, Thomas Saueressig, Søren Skou, Carla Smits-
Nusteling and Kai Öistämö. In addition, the AGM resolved to elect Timo Ahopelto and Elizabeth Crain as new 
members of the Board of Directors for the same term of office.  
In an assembly meeting that took place after the AGM, the Board elected Sari Baldauf as Chair and Søren Skou 
as Vice Chair of the Board. The Board also elected the members of the four Board committees. Carla Smits-

--- Page 131 ---
121 
 
Nusteling was elected as Chair and Timo Ahopelto, Thomas Dannenfeldt, Elizabeth Crain and Jeanette Horan as 
members of the Audit Committee. Thomas Dannenfeldt was elected as Chair and Sari Baldauf, Elizabeth Crain, 
Lisa Hook and Søren Skou as members of the Personnel Committee. Søren Skou was elected as Chair and Sari 
Baldauf, Lisa Hook, Carla Smits-Nusteling and Kai Öistämö as members of the Corporate Governance and 
Nomination Committee. Kai Öistämö was elected as Chair and Timo Ahopelto, Sari Baldauf, Jeanette Horan and 
Thomas Saueressig as members of the Technology Committee. 
The current members of the Board and its committees are set forth below.  
Chair - Sari Baldauf, b. 1955 
Chair of the Board.  Board member since 2018.  Chair since 2020.  
Member of the Corporate Governance and Nomination Committee.  
Member of the Personnel Committee. 
Master of Business Administration, Helsinki School of Economics 
and Business Administration.  Bachelor of Science, Helsinki School 
of Economics and Business Administration.  Honorary doctorates 
in Technology (Helsinki University of Technology) and Business 
Administration (Turku School of Economics and Business 
Administration and Aalto University School of Business, Finland). 
Executive Vice President and General Manager, Networks Business 
Group, Nokia, 1998–2005. Various executive positions at Nokia in 
Finland and in the United States 1983-1998. 
Member of the Supervisory Board and Member of the Nomination 
Committee of Mercedes-Benz Group AG. Member of the Board of 
Directors of Aalto University.  Senior Advisor of DevCo Partners 
Oy.  Member of the Board of Directors  and Member of the 
Executive Committee of Technology Industries of Finland.  
Member of the Supervisory Board of Deutsche Telekom AG 2012–
2018. Chair of the Board of Directors of Fortum Corporation 2011–
2018. Member of the Board of Directors of Akzo Nobel 2012–2017. 
Vice Chair - Søren Skou, b. 1964 
Vice Chair of the Board.  Member of the Board since 2019.  Vice 
Chair since 2022.  Member of the Personnel Committee. 
CEO of A.P. Møller - Mærsk A/S. Nokia Board member since 2019. 
Member of the Personnel Committee.  MBA (honours), IMD, 
Switzerland.  Business Administration, Copenhagen Business 
School, Denmark.  Maersk International Shipping Education 
(M.I.S.E.).  
Chief Executive Officer of Maersk Line 2012–2016. Chief 
Executive Officer of Maersk Tankers 2001– 2011. Variety of 
executive roles, senior positions and other roles at AP.  Møller - 
Maersk since 1983.  
Chairman of the Board of the Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller Center for 
Zero Carbon Shipping (a not-for-profit foundation). Member of The 
European Round Table for Industry 
Timo Ahopelto, b. 1975 
Member of the Board since 2023. Member of the Audit Committee 
and the Technology Committee.

--- Page 132 ---
122 
 
 
Master’s degree in Industrial Management, Helsinki University of 
Technology, Finland. 
Founding Partner of Lifeline Ventures, 2009-present. Head of 
Strategy and Business Development, Blyk 2006–2009. Founding 
CEO, Vice President of Worldwide Commercial Operations, CRF 
Health 2000–2006. Consultant, McKinsey & Company 1999–2000. 
Chair of the Board of Directors of Lifeline SPAC I Plc. Member of 
the Board of Directors of Digital Workforce Services Plc. Member 
of the Board of Directors of Solidium Oy. Member of the Board of 
Finnish Business and Policy Forum EVA and Research Institute for 
Finnish Economy (ETLA). Chair of the Board of Finnish Startup 
Community. Member of the Board of Directors of Tietoevry 
Corporation 2017–2023. Chair of the Board of Slush Conference 
2018–2023 and member of the Board 2013–2018. Member of the 
Board of Business Finland 2014–2020. Member of the Board, 
Startup Foundation 2015–2018. 
Thomas Dannenfeldt, b. 1966 
Member of the Board since 2020.  Member of the Audit Committee 
and Personnel Committee. 
Degree in Mathematics, University of Trier, Germany. 
Chief Financial Officer of Deutsche Telekom AG 2014–2018. 
Chief Financial Officer of Deutsche Telekom’s German operations 
2010–2014. Various operational positions (sales, marketing, 
customer care, finance and procurement in fixed and mobile 
business, national and international positions) in Deutsche Telekom 
1992–2010.  
Chair of the Supervisory Board of CECONOMY AG and Chair of 
the Presidential Committee and Mediation Committee.  Member of 
the Board of Advisors at axxessio GmbH. 
Member of the Board of Directors of T-Mobile U.S. 2013–2018 and 
Buy-In 2013–2018. Chair of the Board of Directors of T-Systems 
International 2013–2018 and EE Ltd. 2014–2016.

--- Page 133 ---
123 
 
Lisa Hook, b. 1958 
Nokia Board member since 2022. Member of the Audit Committee. 
Juris Doctorate, Dickinson School of Law at Pennsylvania State 
University, the United States. Bachelor’s degree in Public Policy, 
Duke University, the United States. 
President and CEO of Neustar, Inc. 2010-2018. COO of Neustar, 
Inc. 2008-2010. President and CEO of Sunrocket, Inc. 2006-2007. 
Executive positions at America Online, Inc. 2000-2004. Previous 
positions as Partner at Brera Capital Partners, managing director of 
Alpine Capital Group, LLC., various executive positions at Time 
Warner, Inc., legal advisor to the Chairman of the Federal 
Communications Commission, and General Counsel of the Cable 
Group at Viacom International, Inc. 
Member of the Board of Directors and Chair of the Risk and 
Technology Committee of Fidelity National Information Services, 
Inc. Member of the Board of Directors and Chair of the Consumer 
Relationships and Regulation Committee of Philip Morris 
International. Member of the Board of Directors of Ritchie Bros. 
Auctioneers Inc. and Chair of the Compensation Committee. 
Member of the Board of Zayo Group and CubeIQ. Chair of 
Advisory Board of Trilantic Capital Partners. Member of the U.S. 
National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee since 
2012.  
Member of the Board of Directors of Ping Identity Holding 
Corporation 2019-2022, Partners Group Holdings 2020-2021 and 
Unisys Corporation 2019-2021. Member of the Board of Directors 
of Neustar, Inc. 2010-2019. Previous Board memberships at RELX 
Plc and RELX NV, 2006-2016, Covad Communications 2005-
2007, Time Warner Telecom 1999-2001, K-12 Inc. and National 
Geographic Ventures.  
Honored as a 2012 Penn State Alumni Fellow for leadership in 
technology by the Dickinson School of Law and Pennsylvania State 
University. 
Jeanette Horan, b. 1955 
Member of the Board since 2017.  Member of the Audit Committee 
and Technology Committee. 
MBA, Business Administration and Management, Boston 
University, the United States.  BSc, Mathematics, University of 
London, United Kingdom.   
Various executive and managerial positions in IBM 1998-2015.  
Vice President of Digital Equipment Corporation 1994-1998.  Vice 
President, Development, of Open Software Foundation 1989-1994.   
Member of the Supervisory Board at Wolters Kluwer, and the Chair 
of the Selection and Remuneration Committee.  Member of the 
Board of Advisors at Jane Doe No More, a non-profit organisation.  
Member of the Board of Advisors of Cyberreason 2017-2018.  
Member of the Board of Directors of West Corporation 2016-2017.  
Member of the Board of Directors of Microvision 2006-2017.

--- Page 134 ---
124 
 
Elizabeth Crain, b. 1964 
Member of the Board since 2023.  Member of the Audit Committee 
and the Personnel Committee. 
MBA, the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, the 
United States. Bachelor of Science in Economics, Arizona State 
University, the United States. 
Chief Operating Officer and Founding Partner of Moelis & 
Company 2007 - present. Managing Director, Office of the CEO at 
UBS Investment Bank 2005–2007. Chief Operating Officer and 
Chief Administrative Officer of the UBS Investment Banking 
Department Americas franchise 2001–2005. Investment Principal, 
McCown De Leeuw & Company 2000–2001. Investment Principal, 
Morgan Stanley Capital Partners 1997–2000. Vice President, 
Investment Banking, Merrill Lynch & Co. 1994–1997. Associate, 
Investment Banking, J.P. Morgan Securities 1992–1994. Analyst, 
Merrill Lynch & Co. 1988–1990. 
Member of the Board of Directors and Chair of the Audit 
Committee of Exscientia Plc. Member of Graduate Executive Board 
of the Wharton School, the Board of Trustees of the Windward 
School and Trustee Emeritus, The Royal Academy Trust, London. 
Thomas Saueressig. b.1985 
Member of the Board since 2022. Member of the Technology 
Committee.  
Member of the Executive Board of SAP SE and Global Head of 
SAP Product Engineering.  
Degree in Business Information Technology, University of 
Cooperative Education in Mannheim, Germany. Joint Executive 
MBA from ESSEC, France and Mannheim Business School, 
Germany. 
Chief Information Officer of SAP SE 2016-2019, Vice President, 
Global Head of IT Services of SAP SE 2014-2016. Held various 
positions at SAP in Germany since 2007, including assignment in 
the SAP Labs Silicon Valley in Palo Alto, California, the United 
States. 
Member of the Young Global Leaders of the World Economic 
Forum. Member of the Industry Advisory Board of the Munich 
Institute of Robotics and Machine Intelligence (MIRMI).

--- Page 135 ---
125 
 
Carla Smits-Nusteling. b.1966 
Member of the Board since 2016.  Chair of the Audit Committee 
and member of the Corporate Governance and Nomination 
Committee. 
 
Master’s Degree in Business Economics, Erasmus University 
Rotterdam, the Netherlands.  Executive Master of Finance and 
Control, Vrije University Amsterdam, the Netherlands. 
Member of the Board of Directors and Chief Financial Officer of 
KPN 2009-2012.  Various financial positions at KPN 2000-2009.  
Various financial and operational positions at TNT/PTT Post 1990-
2000. 
 
Member of the Board of Directors and Chair of the Audit 
Committee of Allegro.eu SA. Member of the Board of Directors of 
the Stichting Continuïteit Ahold Delhaize (SCAD) foundation.  
Chair of the Board of Directors of TELE2 AB 2013-2023. Lay 
Judge in the Enterprise Court of the Amsterdam Court of Appeal 
2015 - 2022.  Member of the Supervisory Board and Chair of the 
Audit Committee of ASML 2013–2021. Member of the 
Management Board of the Unilever Trust Office 2015–2019. 
Kai Öistämö. b.1964 
Member of the Board since 2022. Chair of the Corporate 
Governance and Nomination Committee and member of the 
Technology Committee. 
President and CEO of Vaisala Corporation.  
PhD in computer science, Tampere University of Technology, 
Finland.  
InterDigital, Chief Operating Officer, 2018–2020. Siris Capital 
Group, Executive Partner 2016–2018. Nokia, EVP, Chief 
Development Officer 2010–2014. Nokia, EVP, Devices 2008–
2010. Nokia, EVP, Mobile Phones Business Group 2006–2008. 
Nokia, several positions 1991–2006.  
Chairman of the Board of Fastems Group.  
Member of the Board of Directors of Sanoma Group 2010–2021. 
Chairman of the Board of Helvar Oy Ab 2014–2020. Member of 
the Board of Mavenir Plc. 2017–2018. Member of the Board of 
Digia / Qt Group Oyj 2015–2018. Member of the Board of 
InterDigital 2015–2018. Member of the Board of Oikian solutions 
2014–2018. Chairman of the Board, Tampere University 2013–
2017. Chairman of the Board, Tekes 2012–2014. Member of the 
Board of Nokian Renkaat Oyj 2008–2010. 
The business address of the persons mentioned above is Karakaari 7, FI-02610 Espoo, Finland. 
The current members of the Board are all non-executive.  For the term that began at the 2023 Annual General 
Meeting, all Board member candidates were determined to be independent of Nokia and its significant 
shareholders under the Finnish corporate governance rules and the rules of the NYSE, as applicable.  Any possible 
changes impacting the independence assessment would be assessed as of the date of the next Annual General 
Meeting. 
The Corporate Governance and Nomination Committee closely monitors the time commitments of the Board 
members to ensure they are able to devote the appropriate time to carry out their duties and responsibilities.  The 
Corporate Governance and Nomination Committee prepared the proposed composition of the Board of Directors 
to the 2023 Annual General Meeting taking into account shareholders’ expectations and feedback in this regard.

--- Page 136 ---
126 
 
Committees of the Board of Directors  
Our Board of Directors has four committees that assist the Board in its duties pursuant to their respective 
committee charters.  The Board may also establish ad hoc committees for detailed reviews or consideration of 
particular topics to be proposed for the approval of the Board.  Any director who so wishes may attend, as a non-
voting observer, meetings of committees of which they are not members.  
Board of Directors 
Audit Committee 
Corporate Governance 
and Nomination 
Committee 
Personnel Committee 
Technology Committee 
Oversees the accounting 
and financial as well as 
non-financial reporting 
processes of Nokia and 
the audits of its financial 
statements as well as the 
internal controls and 
compliance programme. 
In addition, oversees ESG 
related reporting  
requirements, IT and 
services security, privacy 
programme as well as tax, 
treasury and pension 
activities. 
Prepares the proposals for 
the general meetings in 
respect of the composition 
of the Board and the 
director remuneration to 
be approved by the 
shareholders, oversees the 
Directors’ time 
commitments and 
independence and 
monitors issues and 
practices related to 
corporate governance and 
proposes necessary 
actions in respect thereof. 
Oversees 
the 
human 
capital 
management 
related 
policies 
and 
practices at Nokia.  Assists 
the Board in discharging 
its 
responsibilities 
in 
relation 
to 
all 
compensation and related 
matters, 
including 
remuneration policy and 
reporting, 
equity 
compensation, 
and 
remuneration of Nokia’s 
executives and their terms 
of employment. 
Follows major innovation 
and technology trends and 
reviews 
related 
key 
initiatives 
of 
Nokia.
Oversees 
product 
and 
customer security. 
Sustainability and corporate responsibility 
We believe that the positive impact of the technology we create and deliver provides our greatest contribution to 
realising the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and outweighs potential negative impacts.  
Our products, solutions and services can drive social, environmental, and economic progress. Digitalisation and 
connectivity can have a critical role in solving some of the world’s greatest challenges including stalled 
productivity, climate change and unequal access to opportunity. Our products and solutions bring digitalisation to 
physical industries and cities, helping them decarbonise and increase efficiency, productivity, and safety. We 
support the energy industry in transitioning to a renewable, smart grid future. Digitalisation and connectivity are 
essential to a more equitable, secure society, providing improved access to healthcare, education and greater 
potential economic opportunity. They can also play a key role in achieving a cleaner, safer planet with reduced 
carbon emissions and more efficient use and reuse of natural resources. We work to maximise this positive impact 
of our technology, which we call our handprint. 
At the same time, we understand our responsibility to constantly minimise potential negative impacts of our 
operations, environmental or social, striving for continuous improvement in product design and responsible 
business practices employed in Nokia and across our value chain. This is our footprint. We have built robust 
policies, processes and management systems that align with globally recognised frameworks. 
Our sustainability approach aligns with the topics that are most material to our business and where we have the 
most impact on sustainable development, providing structure and focus for our activities.  At the core of  our 
strategy and approach is our purpose,  to create the technology that helps the world act together. 
Our purpose, strategy and targets 
In 2022, we launched a refreshed ESG (Environment, Social and Governance) strategy and a new mandatory ESG 
training which was completed by over 97 per cent. of employees. The new strategy aims to ensure we maximise 
our impact in the areas most material to Nokia and is embedded in business and technology strategies and impacts 
how we make business decisions and develop our products and solutions. The strategy builds on five strategic 
focus areas where Nokia looks to differentiate and create tangible environmental and social benefits: (1) 
Environment (climate and circularity); (2) Industrial Digitalisation; (3) Security and Privacy; (4) Bridging the 
Digital Divide; and (5) Responsible Business, each of which is described in further detail below.

--- Page 137 ---
127 
 
 
 
In the environment arena, we focus on two areas: climate and circularity. Our greatest source of emissions comes 
from the use of our products in our customers’ networks. To address this, we aim for leadership in energy 
efficiency, building on work in silicon, software, and systems and opportunities to optimise across the network 
with energy orchestration and green operations. In circularity we focus on opportunities to promote hardware 
circularity and manage the sourcing and reuse of key source materials. 
Industrial digitalisation provides the opportunity to sustainably transform physical industries and cities through 
digitalisation and connectivity. We focus on our offering through our Enterprise solutions for industry and cities 
that can enable decarbonisation, resource efficiency, and safety. This can have a much greater impact on the 
world’s carbon footprint in comparison to reducing our own footprint, though we understand the importance of 
taking action across both domains. 
Security and Privacy are together positioned as the cornerstone of our reputation and product proposition. Product 
development follows the ‘Design for Security’ methodology, building security into the life cycle from the very 
start, with a strict minimum baseline for services delivered to customers. Nokia’s customer security team consists 
of security experts who partner with our customers to build and maintain secure networks, compliant with national 
regulations for critical telecom infrastructure. 
We aim to bridge the digital divide using our broad product portfolio and focused partnering with non-terrestrial 
operations to address different demographics and through digital skill building. Connectivity, combined with 
digital skills, allows more equal access to healthcare, education and employment for individuals and the 
opportunity to participate in the digital economy for small businesses. 
In responsible business, we work to ensure our business practices are aligned to our ethical and responsible values. 
We apply this approach internally, in our supply chain and across our value chain. We collaborate with the aim to 
improve systemic issues related to environment, mitigating the misuse of technology (and advocating for 
responsible AI principles), ethics, human rights, inclusion and diversity and working conditions and contributing 
to the responsible development of new standards. 
Our materiality assessment 
As part of our strategy refresh and in line with good practice, we completed an impact materiality assessment in 
spring 2022 with an external consultancy. The results of this assessment are based on desktop research into global 
macro trends that have an impact on sustainable development, interviews and a survey conducted with internal 
and external stakeholder representatives (including employees, customers, investors, suppliers, partners, non-
governmental organisations and academics), and insights from sustainability experts.

--- Page 138 ---
128 
 
The diagram below shows the top right quadrant of this materiality assessment matrix. The top right quadrant 
shows the topics considered most relevant to our business and to stakeholders, economy and the environment. 
The most important topics for Nokia are: 
• 
climate impact through products; 
• 
environmental impact through products and enabling transformation in other industries; 
• 
ethical business practices and ethical use of new technologies; 
• 
privacy and security; and 
• 
responsible sourcing. 
 
 
 
Key sustainability targets 
Our targets are determined based on our sustainability strategy and are distributed across short-, medium- and 
long-term. The key targets (along with their progress in 2022) are listed in the table below.

--- Page 139 ---
129 
 
Strategic 
Focus area 
Target 
year 
Base 
year 
Target 
2022 results 
Status 
Environment 
Climate  
2030 
2019 
Our 
Science-based 
target 
(SBT):  
Reduce our greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions across our 
value chain (Scope 1, 2 and 3) 
by 50% between 2019 and 
2030, and reach net zero by 
2050. 
Emissions covered by our SBT were 37,627,000 
tons CO2e(1) which, as anticipated, are 13% above 
our cumulative carbon budget for 2020-2022, if a 
linear reduction from 2019 is expected annually. 
Total emissions however remained at the same 
level as in 2021. However, we do not expect the 
reduction of emissions in our value chain to be a 
linear process. We aim to achieve our target of 50% 
reduction in emissions by 2030 as we expect to see 
greater impact as more energy efficient products 
and features of our portfolio are adopted and 
decarbonisation of the electricity grid is expected to 
continue globally. 
Not 
on 
track 
2030 
2019 
Our final assembly suppliers 
reach net zero emissions by 
2030. 
Our final assembly supplier emissions were 46,000 
tons CO2e which is a 39% reduction from 2019. 
On track 
2030 
2019 
Our suppliers reduce GHG 
emissions by 50% by 2030.(2) 
 
Our suppliers’ emissions were 683,700 tons CO2e 
which is 78% reduction from 2019. However, as 
this includes emissions data from hundreds of 
suppliers and the quality of allocated emissions data 
has been of concern, we are conscious that some of 
the reductions may be due to the quality of the data 
reported. 
On track 
2022 
N/A 
Reach 
60% 
renewable 
electricity in our own facilities.  
Reached 63% renewable electricity in our own 
facilities. 
Achieved 
2022 
2019 
45% reduction of facility GHG 
emissions. 
Reduced 54% of facility GHG emissions. 
Achieved 
Circularity 
2022 
N/A 
Divert 75% of facility waste 
from landfill.  
80% of facility waste was diverted from landfill. 
Achieved 
Bridging the digital divide 
Connecting 
the 
unconnected 
and 
under-
served 
2030 
2021 
Help our customers to connect 
the next 2 billion measured by 
number of subscriptions in 
Nokia 
radio 
customers’ 
networks by 2030.  
In line with Nokia’s long term goal, we work with 
our customers to provide broadband based digital 
services on more subscriptions. The number of 
mobile broadband subscriptions in Nokia radio 
customers’ networks has increased from 2021 to 
end of 2022 by 400 million(3). 
On track 
2025 
2021 
Harness Nokia technology, 
capabilities 
and 
funds 
to 
improve the lives of 1,500,000 
through social digitalisation 
projects, digital skill building, 
and 
connecting 
the 
unconnected or underserved by 
2025.(4) 
We reached 560,702 direct beneficiaries through 
social digitalisation projects, building digital skill 
inclusion, 
connecting 
the 
unconnected 
or 
underserved and improving inclusion, equity and 
diversity. 
On track 
Responsible Business 
Health 
& 
Safety 
2030 
2016 
100% of suppliers delivering 
high risk activity to meet 
“H&S 
preferred 
supplier” 
status (score 4 or more out of 5) 
in 
our 
Health 
& 
Safety 
maturity assessment. 
 
21% of relevant suppliers met H&S preferred 
supplier status. 
On track 
Inclusion 
& 
Diversity 
2022 
N/A 
Reach 
minimum 
of 
26% 
female hires in all global 
external recruits. 
27% of external recruits were women. We achieved 
the 
2022 
target 
via 
increased 
marketing, 
communication and talent attraction activities to 
make Nokia’s employer brand stand out for 
diversity-friendly employment policies and attract 
diverse talent. 
Achieved 
Ethics 
& 
Compliance 
2030 
2016 
Reach 85% favorability of 
employee/line 
manager 
engagement on ethics and 
compliance. 
Progress against the target was measured as 
favorable responses to the following question in our 
employee survey: “My line manager sets a positive 
example by acting with integrity.” 88% of the 
responses were favorable. 
Achieved 
 
2022 
N/A 
Ethical 
Business 
Training 
(EBT) completed by 95% of 
employees. 
98% of employees completed the training. 
Achieved

--- Page 140 ---
130 
 
Human 
Rights 
2022 
N/A 
Complete our second Global 
Network 
Initiative 
(GNI) 
assessment and, as a result, 
Nokia deemed to have shown 
good faith efforts to implement 
the GNI principles in freedom 
of expression and privacy. 
We completed our second Global Network 
Initiative independent assessment earlier and are 
proud to report that the GNI board found we have 
made good faith efforts to implement the GNI 
Principles on freedom of expression and privacy 
with improvement over time. 
Achieved 
Responsible 
sourcing 
2025 
2020 
80% of suppliers achieve 
satisfactory 
sustainability 
score (based on aggregated 
weighted share) from supplier 
performance 
evaluation 
(includes performance across 
our sustainability assessment 
programs such as EcoVadis, 
CDP, Conflict minerals). 
78% 
of 
suppliers 
received 
satisfactory 
sustainability score in our assessment programs on 
average. 
On track 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(1)  
CO2e = carbon dioxide equivalents 
(2) 
Refers to our material suppliers 
(3) 
Reference Source: GSMA Intelligence  
(4)  
Improving lives refers to increased digital connectivity and inclusion for 1,500,000 people  
Sustainability governance. 
The Board of Directors evaluates the Company’s sustainability-related risks and target setting as well as their 
implementation and effectiveness in Nokia. In 2022, the Board approved the selected key sustainability targets on 
climate change and diversity (included in the short-term incentive programme), social impact budget, the new 
materiality matrix and reviewed the sustainability strategy and targets, evolving ESG (environmental, social and 
governance) requirements and expectations, investor feedback and disclosure approach. In addition, the Board 
Committees monitor environmental and social developments and activities in the Company in their respective 
areas of responsibilities. In 2022, the Chief Corporate Affairs Officer had overall responsibility for sustainability 
in the Group Leadership Team. In line with our new mode of operation, the GLT approves sustainability-related 
strategy, overall targets and operational frameworks, within which corporate functions and business groups can 
operate. This enables accountability and empowerment of each business group whilst maintaining appropriate 
strategic and operative oversight. Independent councils and committees, such as the Sustainability Council, are 
used to steer, align and ensure the implementation of these strategies, targets and frameworks and make 
recommendations to the GLT. Our overall sustainability governance framework and responsibilities are shown in 
the diagram below.

--- Page 141 ---
131 
 
 
Risk management  
Sustainability related risks and opportunities are part of our Enterprise Risk Management framework. We 
recognise and aim to mitigate the potential risks and negative impacts associated with our business whether related 
to technology, supply chain, climate or people, while also driving the opportunities within and beyond our business 
to contribute to achieving the UN Sustainable Development Goals. We have clear policies and processes for each 
identified material sustainability related risk, including our Code of Conduct which reflects our values through 
clear and simple directions on ways of working for all employees and business partners.   
The “Risk factors” section of this Base Prospectus provides discussion on the most important risk factors affecting 
our operations.  These risks include sustainability-related issues such as:  
• 
product safety 
• 
environmental incidents;

--- Page 142 ---
132 
 
• 
health and safety; 
• 
privacy and security, including cybersecurity threats; 
• 
potential human rights abuse through misuse of the technology we provide; 
• 
potential lack of proper respect for human rights, fair labour conditions, the environment and 
communities in our operations and supply chains; 
• 
non-compliance with regulations or our supplier and customer requirements; 
• 
violation of ethical standards, including our Code of Conduct; 
• 
labour unrest and strikes; 
• 
inability to retain, motivate, develop and recruit appropriately skilled employees; 
• 
purchasing boycotts and public harm to our brand; 
• 
issues with tariffs and taxation, including tax disputes; and 
• 
disruptions in our manufacturing, service creation, delivery, logistics or supply chain caused, for 
instance, by natural disasters, military actions, civil unrest, public health and safety threats (including 
disease outbreaks), many of which may be fueled by the adverse effects resulting from climate change. 
How certain of these risks are managed, including related key policies and actions, is further discussed in the 
following paragraphs, in the context of relevant topics. 
Environment 
Our greatest impact on the environment lies in the role our products and solutions play in helping to decarbonise 
and dematerialise other industries and cities. This is what we call our environmental handprint and is achieved 
through the sustainable transformation of industries and society.  
To address our own footprint, we focus on both climate and circularity where we aim for leadership in the energy 
efficiency of our products and circular practices. 
Climate 
Climate change remains a significant risk to society and the natural environment. Climate change can negatively 
impact our supply chain and our customers’ business, as well as the global economy, and political and social 
stability. We recognise that the products and services we provide globally may affect the environment and climate 
as manufacturing, distributing, and operating these products require energy and other natural resources. In 2022, 
95 per cent. of our greenhouse gas emissions footprint came from our products in use by our customers in their 
networks. We can directly impact our footprint by constantly improving power consumption, increasing energy 
efficiency and driving innovation. For example, in 2022 we announced the commercial availability of our liquid 
cooling solution across our AirScale radio base station offering. This innovative solution can reduce the energy 
used by the cooling system at a base station site by up to 90 per cent.  
We continue to also innovate in terms of the silicon, software and hardware we develop. During 2022, other 
innovations included: 
• 
AVA for Energy SaaS which applies artificial intelligence to reduce energy consumption across the 
network;  
• 
our FP5 network processor in IP service routing platforms; 
• 
our Quillion chipset reduces power consumption for fiber broadband products by 50 per cent., and has 
been adopted by 100 per cent. of our customer base; and 
• 
New Intelligent Radio Access Network Operations solution designed to manage the increasing 
complexity of 5G networks, including energy, through machine learning.

--- Page 143 ---
133 
 
Our own operations are a minor part of our footprint (approximately 1 per cent.) and are less prone to the impact 
of natural catastrophes and severe weather, but we still work hard to reduce our own operational footprint. In 2022 
we joined the RE100 initiative in line with our global ambition to use 100 per cent. renewable electricity across 
our facilities by 2025 and we were recognised with the initiative’s best newcomer award during climate week in 
New York.  
Our climate achievements 
We have set a science-based greenhouse gas (GHG) emission reduction target through the Science Based Target 
(SBT) initiative. Our target is to reduce our emissions by 50 per cent. between 2019 and 2030 across our value 
chain (Scope 1, 2 and 3).  
In 2022, our Scope 1 GHG emissions were 124,000 tons CO2e and market-based Scope 2 emissions were 135,300 
tons CO2e. At the end of 2022, our progress on Scope 2 emissions was better than expected as we continue to 
make significant improvements in our own operations. Our Scope 3 emissions were 39,454,200 tons CO2e, 
decreasing from the previous year.  
However, we are not on track with our SBT as anticipated as we were 13 per cent. above our cumulative carbon 
budget for 2020-2022 if a linear reduction from 2019 is expected annually. We do not expect the reduction of 
emissions in our value chain to be a linear process. We continue to work to stay within the 2020-2030 cumulative 
carbon budget and achieve our target of 50 per cent. reduction in emissions by 2030 as we expect to see greater 
impact as more energy efficient products and features of our portfolio are adopted and decarbonisation of the 
electricity grid continues globally.  
Beyond improvements in product energy efficiency, modernisation of legacy networks also drives improved 
energy efficiency, and the customer base station sites we modernised in 2022 used on average 44 per cent. less 
energy than those where our customers did not modernise. The number of modernised products is based on the 
number of radio network products replaced at customer sites for which the data is available in a global product 
deployment database for the reportable year. The average power consumption of radio network products is based 
on ETSI standard 202706 defined measurements. 
We also work with our suppliers to reduce our upstream indirect emissions and to drive circular practice and 
innovation with our suppliers. In 2022 we continued and enhanced our supplier climate engagement and saw 481 
of our key suppliers responding to Carbon Disclosure Project’s (CDP) request to disclose their climate 
performance information and 278 also provided emission reduction targets. We also had 276 suppliers responding 
on the CDP Water security questionnaire. To move forward with climate-related targets, we also encouraged 
suppliers to set climate targets to be in line with the Science Based Targets initiative and recognised climate-
related innovations as part of our Supplier Diamond Awards Programme. With our final assembly suppliers, we 
worked on developing roadmaps for realising their 2030 zero emissions targets.  
In logistics, to help us reduce our emissions we partnered with our logistics service providers to further develop 
biofuel-based transportation solutions and continued to implement lower emission flights using Sustainable 
Aviation Fuel. 
Circularity 
We also aim to be a driver of circular practices in our industry. We focus on opportunities to promote hardware 
circularity by managing the sourcing and reuse of key source materials. We build on our existing waste processes 
and circular products and services offering, proactively increasing the take back of products from customer 
modernisation projects and end of life equipment and increase the availability and sales of refurbished products. 
We also look to increase the use of recycled materials in our products, augmenting the inclusion of recycled 
plastics, steel, copper and aluminium in our mechanical parts. 
Industrial Digitalisation 
Digitalisation and connectivity are a critical part of the solution to decarbonising and dematerialising physical 
industries which significantly contribute to global carbon emissions. This is our handprint and represents the 
enablement effect of the technology solutions we provide. We aim to maximise this handprint as it provides our 
greatest potential impact on climate change. 
As part of our strategy we provide low latency connectivity, private wireless networks, sensors and AI/ML as the 
basis of a ‘Green Digital’ proposition in our Enterprise portfolio. We are working within our ecosystem to identify

--- Page 144 ---
134 
 
methodologies that better measure the enablement effect and articulate the business case for transformation to 
accelerate and scale adoption. 
Nokia’s own Oulu factory in Finland is a fully digitalised factory that has been recognised as a WEF lighthouse, 
and an example of the impact digitalisation can bring. It incorporates all 5G+ technologies to drive machining and 
assembly, using robotics, autonomous transportation through mobile robots, advanced quality control methods 
including video analytics, and maintenance schedules driven by augmented Intelligence/machine learning 
recommendations based on real-time asset condition data.  
According to the latest data gathered in 2022, the Nokia Oulu factory output has increased by 250 per cent. since 
2015 whilst maintaining the same level of resources and energy consumption. We saw a reduction in energy 
consumption per produced product. In addition, both process defects and product time to market have been 
reduced by half. Besides the environmental benefits, the factory has also experienced efficiency gains through the 
reduction of robot lead time by 80 per cent., and it has reduced staff floor time by 20 per cent., leading to greater 
worker safety. 
We work with customers across the energy, manufacturing, transportation and other industries as we underline 
the belief that there is no green without digital. As of the end of 2022, we have provided connectivity and 
digitalisation solutions to 2,600 enterprise customers. 
Bridging the Digital Divide 
Despite the accelerated uptake of digitalisation during the pandemic, the digital divide widened both for 
individuals and for many small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) who were not able to participate in the 
digital economy.  
Nokia aims to be a bridge for digital inclusion by bringing both our connectivity and digital skills building 
solutions to create more inclusive access to healthcare, education and employment for individuals. We aim to also 
enable potential new business opportunities for SMEs. We can achieve this by leveraging our broad product 
portfolio, as well as focused strategies with non-terrestrial network operators to connect different demographics 
to broadband level speeds in both fixed and wireless domains. 
Nokia can also build on its existing training assets, certifications and social initiatives to support digital skill 
building. Since its launch in 2020, over 40,000 individuals have registered for the Nokia 5G certification learning 
programme. As SMEs digitalize, and ensure their employees upskill and increase their knowledge of digital 
technologies, this is also expected to be critical to retention and growth. As part of our focus on bridging the digital 
divide, we created new targets with medium- and long-term focus, as set out in the graph above (see “Key 
Sustianability Targets”). 
Security and Privacy 
In our refreshed ESG strategy we position security and privacy as the cornerstone of our reputation and product 
proposition. We will work to ensure a common security baseline enforced for all products and services and 
accelerate our security strategy ambitions. This involves reinforcing the Nokia Design for Security framework 
and driving end-to-end product security testing initiatives like the Advanced Security Testing and Research 
(ASTaR) Lab, as well as leveraging our own innovative portfolio offerings. 
In the 5G era, the nature and scale of information networks are evolving, as are the nature and scale of security 
threats. 5G will interconnect countless new devices, empower new industries, and enable a myriad of new 
applications and use cases. As one consequence, more avenues of attack are available for cyber criminals to 
compromise critical infrastructure, including the telecommunications infrastructure. Threats and vulnerabilities 
do not only show up in the individual network components but can also be exploited in the overall solution. Nokia 
has taken a new step in safeguarding 5G against such threats by creating the ASTaR Lab. The ASTaR Lab is the 
first end-to-end 5G testing lab in the United States focused solely on cybersecurity and a concrete testimony of 
Nokia’s commitment to making security a foundational pillar of Nokia’s technology strategy and a differentiator 
in the marketplace. Nokia continuously develops and improves its processes and tools used in product 
development and has made Design for Security (or DFSEC) an integral and fundamental part of it. Throughout 
2022, product security and DFSEC requirements have been further enhanced to meet the latest industry standards. 
Nokia’s cyber resilience refers to its ability to identify, respond, and recover swiftly from a security incident, 
aiming to ensure Nokia and its customers can retain business continuity and recover to normality quickly in case 
of a security incident.

--- Page 145 ---
135 
 
We have a Nokia managed Cyber Defense Center covering Nokia activities, public Cloud, R&D labs and Nokia 
Data Centers, as well as a Computer Emergency Response team addressing critical security incidents. Nokia 
developed and maintains an actionable Cyber Resilience Plan, built on an assessment of the cyber risks the 
business is most likely to experience, leveraging Nokia’s emergency policies, plans and procedures. 
As a trusted partner in security for our customers, we aim to meet key regulatory and customer requirements. 
Nokia’s 2022 information security strategy, cyber risks and programmes, which are periodically reported to the 
executive management level and Board of Directors, embed strong governance and compliance requirements. Our 
security ambition is reflected in the supplier selection processes, contracts and supplier assessments targeted to 
ensure effective security to be in place in our supply chain and with our Third Parties. Nokia relies on enforced 
security policies and standards, security training and programmes to ensure the protection of our key data and 
intellectual property. By the end of 2022, approximately 98 per cent. of our employees across all locations 
completed the Information Security Awareness Training. Nokia has elevated its customers’ trust through the set-
up of a security operations governance for customer services, and a security baseline, leading to ISO27001 
certification for selected services to assess our capability to keep up with the ever-increasing market legal and 
regulatory demands. 
In privacy, we have established a comprehensive company-wide privacy programme based on respecting privacy 
rights and exercising high standards of integrity in dealing with and protecting personal data, set out in core 
principles that are based on relevant laws, best practices, and standards. We conduct privacy assessments that aim 
to mitigate privacy risk in relation to the data we collect, process, and store. We observe the concept of data 
minimisation, meaning we endeavor only to collect personal data that is necessary for the purposes for which it is 
collected and to retain such data for no longer than is necessary. We implement appropriate controls to ensure that 
only persons with a clear and justifiable need to know can access personal data. We have formal processes and 
procedures in place to manage and mitigate any related risk to data subjects in the event of a personal data breach.  
These processes also include mechanisms to communicate in a timely fashion with supervisory authorities, should 
that be required. A programme of privacy awareness and general and targeted role-based training ensures we 
continuously and effectively address areas of the highest privacy impact. Our mission is to protect and safeguard 
personal data in Nokia’s possession, and we have a network of certified privacy professionals who regularly 
provide coaching on privacy. 
Responsible Business 
Approximately 98 per cent. of our employees completed the Ethical Business Training.  
In 2022, we implemented 479 supply chain audits, including 67 onsite in-depth audits on corporate responsibility 
topics, 33 onsite audits against our supplier requirements and 379 supplier assessments conducted using the 
EcoVadis scorecards.  
We successfully completed our second independent external Human Rights assessment for the Global Network 
Initiative (GNI). The assessment found Nokia showed good faith efforts over time to implement the GNI 
Principles on freedom of expression and human rights. 
Of the Human Rights Due Diligence (HRDD) cases investigated in 2022, 55 per cent. were resolved as “Go”, 31 
per cent. as “Go with conditions” and 11 per cent. as “No Go.” 
We launched our six-pillar approach to responsible AI and the Nokia Technology Ethics Advisory Board. 
We improved our hiring and in December 2022, women represented 26.6 per cent. of the external hires. 
Our enhanced ESG strategy builds upon our existing practices where we look to take a proactive and values-
driven approach to responsible business practices both internally and working closely with our value chain, 
targeting to improve fundamental issues in the value chain. These include environmental risks, technology risks, 
and human rights risks where we drive responsible and ethical practice and procedures. 
Ethics and Compliance 
We aim to conduct our business with the highest standards of business ethics and integrity. Our comprehensive 
compliance programme and our strong culture of integrity allow us to earn and keep the trust of our customers, 
governments, employees and other stakeholders.

--- Page 146 ---
136 
 
Our Code of Conduct provides the framework for our commitment to integrity by uniting all leaders and 
employees behind a common vision and set of values. Our Code of Conduct sets out four straightforward defining 
principles: (1) we follow the laws where we do business; (2) we set an example for one another by being honest 
and fair; (3) we promote a culture of integrity through mutual respect and trust; and (4) we hold each other 
accountable to adhere to the Code of Conduct and report potential violations. These principles are supplemented 
by 14 key business policy statements covering critical issues and risks we face (see the picture on the right).  
 
A separate Code of Ethics sets out further expectations of our President and CEO, Chief Financial Officer and 
Corporate Controller. We also have a Third party Code of Conduct and training material that applies to our 
suppliers and partners and clearly state our expectations regarding ethical conduct. All suppliers are informed 
about the Third party Code of Conduct and training material during the contract agreement stage, and Nokia sales 
partners, who are screened by our Anti-Corruption Center of Excellence (CoE) team, are required to certify that 
they have read the Third Party Code of Conduct. Our Codes are further supplemented by policies, procedures, and 
guidance documents covering a range of topics, such as third party screening procedures and corporate hospitality.  
In 2022, we continued our longstanding practice of providing annual training to our employees on ethical business 
practices. Our Workplace Ethics and Integrity Training was completed by approximately 98 per cent. of our 
employees, surpassing the agreed target of 95 per cent.  
We supplement our mandatory training with targeted training that addresses high risk areas, regulatory 
requirements, and critical and emerging needs. We use a combination of videos, in-depth training modules, 
microlearning modules, and live training sessions to educate employees about high-risk areas. In 2022, more than 
11,000 attendees received live training with over 600 compliance topics covered in about 200 sessions. We 
developed short, animated “just-in-time” training modules that focus on select topics and are triggered by specific 
employee actions; for example, raising a concern through our Ethics Helpline will prompt a short training on the 
investigation process. 
Our Culture - Open, Fearless and Empowered 
In 2022, we communicated our new people strategy, which puts our employees at the heart of everything we do. 
The aim is to create a working environment in which everyone can thrive.

--- Page 147 ---
137 
 
In 2022, Nokia launched two new global minimum standard benefits: (1) in support of inclusion and diversity, 
equal childcare benefits are now offered to all employees regardless of their gender; and (2) company-provided 
life insurance of one year’s capped base salary is now offered to all employees regardless of country. 
At Nokia, we care about our people and believe they are critical to the long-term sustainability and 
competitiveness of our company.  We aim to hire and retain the best talent and provide a work environment where 
each person can thrive. 
The foundation of our culture is based on the Nokia essentials which incorporate our values and determine how 
we, both as a company and as individuals, interact with each other and the world around us.  The essentials reflect 
how it should feel to work at Nokia, and what we want our customers, suppliers and partners to experience working 
with us. 
Open - I am open in mindset; to opportunity, to the future and evolving market needs, to new approaches, and to 
collaborate. 
Fearless - I am fearless and bring my authentic self to work, sharing my ideas and opinions and knowing that 
mistakes are OK as long as we can learn from them. 
Empowered - I am empowered and supported to make decisions and own my work because I am trusted and I 
trust my colleagues, who have my back in success or failure. 
Our essentials are brought to life through our people’s strategy, which puts people at the heart of everything we 
do and translates the essentials into ambitions and actions in four ways. 
Growing Together 
At Nokia we work together to align personal, professional and business growth by providing our people with 
visibility, resources and support at every step of their journey. By enriching, recognising, and rewarding individual 
experiences and skills, we aim to be a company where people not only work, but thrive.  
In 2022, we launched a portal which harnesses the power of AI/ML to match our employees’ individually profiled 
skills, interests, aspirations and preferences with new career opportunities and resources available at Nokia. In 
addition to leadership training, we established the new Technical Career Path that supports employees to advance 
their careers as subject matter experts without becoming a people manager. Approximately 261 internal coaches 
and approximately 479 mentors are available at Nokia to support our employees on their growth journey. 
Leading Lights 
In times of change and uncertainty, it is more important than ever to lead with strong human skills that promote 
psychological safety and create a working environment in which all people can live our Nokia essentials. The new 
hybrid working environment requires connecting with employees in new ways, engaging through empathy, whilst 
retaining strategic and operational focus. To help leaders retain and develop their people in this unprecedented 
environment, we have implemented new initiatives in 2022, including: 
• 
a global standard approach to onboarding new leaders with an explicit focus on preparing for 
management in the post-COVID working environment; 
• 
targeted face-to-face “Lead in Focus” sessions for critical areas of the business to support prioritisation 
and coordination of complex technology rollouts; 
• 
online training modules for leaders to refresh and reflect on their leadership behaviours and skills; and 
• 
monthly community calls allowing leaders from around the world to share best practices, tips and 
challenging situations to improve our collective knowledge.  
Belonging 
We are building a culture of belonging and personal connection to the broader Nokia community.  To truly act 
together, we must be inclusive, offering equal opportunities regardless of individual background, preferences and 
identity so that everyone feels valued, heard, and able to contribute. As part of the 2022 mandatory training for 
all employees, we included a Workplace Ethics and Inclusion training to further strengthen inclusive behaviours

--- Page 148 ---
138 
 
and Nokia’s speak-up culture. In addition, we launched a company-wide Allyship programme and established an 
Inclusion & Diversity community which offers volunteering opportunities and growth experiences for employees. 
It caters for further inclusion and diversity education and best practice sharing across Nokia.  
We continue actions to ensure Nokia is an inclusive place to work for people with disabilities. In 2022 we piloted 
four disability inclusion country projects in China, Poland, Hungary and Italy and published an eBook for 
managers leading people with disabilities.  
We also continued to drive improvements in gender diversity by, amongst other things: 
• 
monitoring pay equity: In 2022, the end-of-year review showed a statistically barely significant 
unexplained pay gap. We will continue to stress and apply mitigations to keep it closed in the future; 
• 
targeting 26 per cent. women in global external hiring, revising our recruitment process, and continuing 
training to recruiters and managers on how to avoid bias. In December 2022, women represented 26.6 
per cent. of the external hires; 
• 
running programmes in collaboration with UN Women, our customers and internally to support women’s 
careers; 
• 
increasing our talent attraction activities through:  
• 
forming a team of Inclusion & Diversity sourcing professionals across markets where we hire most; 
• 
very targeted social media campaigns for diverse employee hiring; 
• 
establishing a new Nokia Academy in Bangalore and increasing the intake of the already existing 
Nokia Poland Academy; and 
• 
focusing on the conversion of trainees into permanent employees. 
Experience  
We are shaping the Nokia environment to enable people to be empowered and productive. We strive for increased 
flexibility in how and where employees work, simplified policies and processes, psychological safety and the 
feeling of working in a united manner. We announced our new flexible working approach that was effective from 
2022 and allows employees (subject to business need) to work up to three days a week remotely on average, 
provides greater acceptance of fully remote work, and greater flexibility in their working hours. 
Employee demographics 
The market for skilled employees in our business remains extremely competitive. Our workforce has evolved over 
recent years as we have introduced changes in our strategy to respond to our business targets and our activities. 
These changes may in the future cause disruption and fatigue among employees, which, when coupled with our 
employee demographics and a dependence on key resources in some areas, make a focus on skill refresh, 
wellbeing, inclusivity and enabling personal and professional growth imperative. 
In 2022, the average number of employees was 86,896 (87,927 in 2021 and 92,039 in 2020) divided 
geographically as follows: Asia Pacific (21,141), China (11,427), Finland (6,753), Latin America (2,903), Middle 
East and Africa (3,148), North America (10,540) and other European countries (30,984). 
At the end of 2022, 30 per cent. of our executive leadership positions were held by women, while the share of 
women in all leadership positions across Nokia was 17 per cent. In total, women accounted for 23 per cent. of our 
workforce.

--- Page 149 ---
139 
 
 
 
Wellbeing 
Our global Life Insurance policy ensures that the loved ones of any Nokia employee who dies will receive 
financial support of not less than one year’s gross base salary, subject to a financial cap. The local implementation 
of this global policy continues to progress and was almost 100 per cent. completed by end of 2022. 
At Nokia, we empower employees to manage their personal health and wellbeing, feel safe talking about their 
mental health at work, and provide access to the support they need when they need it most. Nokia’s Personal 
Support Service continues to provide confidential, professional support and advice on a range of emotional, 
practical and work-life issues, and is available to all Nokia employees and their family members. This service 
played a critical role in providing support to those impacted directly, or indirectly by the Russian invasion of 
Ukraine as well as to Nokia volunteers who worked tirelessly to support refugees from Ukraine.  
Our global mental health and wellbeing training series continued in 2022 with 23 webinars covering a wide range 
of topics from ergonomics and movement to sleep and burnout. Over 11,000 employees engaged with the content 
in these sessions, either live or on-demand. Regional trainings are available in local languages. Over 10,000 
employees registered to participate in the nine-week annual Nokia Sports Festival which emphasises the 
importance of movement to enhance physical and mental wellbeing. We also launched an employee-led resource 
group, ShareToCare, to normalise conversations around mental health by voluntarily sharing personal 
experiences. 
Health, safety and labour conditions 
Our Code of Conduct is the basis for labour conditions, enhanced by a full set of global human resources policies 
and procedures that enable fair employment.  We adhere to the International Labour Organisation Declaration on 
Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, and we meet, or where possible exceed, the requirements of labour 
laws and regulations wherever we have operations.  We work hard to ensure decent working conditions and fair 
employment, recognising both international and local laws and guidelines.  Our health and safety management 
system is the basis for our overall programme and an integral part of how we manage health and safety.  The 
management system is certified with the internationally recognised ISO 45001. The certification is provided by a 
third party, Bureau Veritas, and the share of our employees covered by the certification at the end of 2022 was 
over 84 per cent.  We implement training, analysis, assessments and consequence management to address job-
related health and safety risks.  We run a wide range of programmes targeted at constantly improving our health 
and safety performance, while also encouraging employees and contractors to report near misses and dangerous 
incidents. 
We see the highest risk exposure to health and safety in the delivery of fieldwork, which is predominantly 
delivered by our contractors through tasks such as working at height, driving for work and electrical installation 
and maintenance.  Consequently, we have set stringent key performance indicators related to the supplier’s ability

--- Page 150 ---
140 
 
to deliver safely, which is evaluated by our Health and Safety Maturity Assessment process.  Our key standards 
Working at Height, Rigging & Lifting, and Driving and Electrical are implemented with non-negotiables for 
effective controls to manage risk on a global scale in all markets. Incident management and reporting and 
investigation programmes encourage all employees and contractors working on our behalf to report all incidents 
including near misses and high potential incidents. 
Our assurance and governance programmes have built in checkpoints to measure effectiveness. We have agreed 
metrics and key performance indicators designed into all levels of our programmes and business processes to 
assure and manage risk in critical areas such as supplier qualification and project management where high-risk 
activities are delivered. Market operational reviews and internal and external audits provide the visibility and 
accountability needed to improve performance and reduce risk. In addition, regular reporting, communication of 
recovery plans and action management are in place to ensure effective programme management. 
By the end of 2022, 99.1 per cent. of suppliers delivering high-risk activity had been assessed using our H&S 
Maturity Assessment Process and 98.3 per cent. of the assessed suppliers met H&S compliant supplier status.  We 
also carried out impact assessments on 99.4 per cent. of all high-risk projects. 96.6 per cent. of those projects were 
found to meet our minimum non-negotiable requirements. 
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG ratings may 
differ.  The Issuer’s ESG ratings are not indicative of its current or future operating or financial performance, or 
any future ability to service the Notes and are only current as of the dates on which they were initially issued.  
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such ESG ratings information contained 
in this Base Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment decision.  Furthermore, ESG ratings shall not be 
deemed to be a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold the Notes.  Currently, the 
providers of such ESG ratings are not subject to any regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their 
determination and award of ESG ratings.  For more information regarding the valuation methodologies used to 
determine ESG ratings, please refer to the relevant ratings agency’s website (which website does not form a part 
of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus).

--- Page 151 ---
141 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes.  If in respect of any particular issue of Notes there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be 
stated in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. The Issuer will not use the proceeds of the offering 
of any Notes to lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any sanctioned person (including 
its joint venture in Russia that is currently subject to U.S. sanctions).

--- Page 152 ---
142 
 
TAXATION  
The following is a general description addressing only the Finnish and Irish withholding tax treatment of income 
arising from the Notes and Coupons.  This description does not deal with any other matters and in particular does 
not describe the taxation consequences for Irish resident or ordinarily resident holders of Notes and Coupons in 
respect of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Notes and the receipt of interest thereon.  This 
description is (i) based on the laws, regulations and published case law in full force and effect in Finland and 
Ireland and the interpretation thereof as at the date of this Base Prospectus, which may be subject to change in 
the future, potentially with retroactive effect, and (ii) prepared on the assumption that the Issuer is resident in 
Finland for tax purposes and does not carry on a trade in Ireland through a branch or agency.  Investors should 
be aware that the comments below are of a general nature and do not constitute legal or tax advice and should 
not be understood as such.  The following description is based on an interpretation of general provisions of tax 
law.  Prospective investors are therefore advised to consult their own qualified advisors so as to determine, in the 
light of their individual situation, the tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, exercise, redemption, sale or 
other disposition of the Notes and Coupons. 
Certain Finnish Tax Considerations 
Non-Resident Holders of Notes and Coupons 
Payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer to persons not resident in Finland for tax purposes and who do not 
engage in trade or business through a Finnish branch, permanent establishment or other fixed place of business in 
Finland may be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of 
Finland or by any municipality or other political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein.  
When the Issuer effects payments through a paying agent or intermediary who is a Reporting Financial Institution 
under Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”), Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”) or Council 
Directive 2014/107/EU of 9 December 2014 (“DAC2”), the intermediary should ensure that the recipient of the 
payment is non-resident for Finnish tax purposes.  When the paying agent or other intermediary (such as a financial 
institution) effecting the payment to the holder of Notes and Coupons is resident in Finland for tax purposes or 
the payment is made through a Finnish permanent establishment of a non-resident paying agent or intermediary, 
the entity effecting the payment should also ensure whether the recipient of the payment is non-resident for Finnish 
tax purposes.   
Resident Holders of Notes and Coupons 
Corporates  
Payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer to corporates resident in Finland for tax purposes may be made 
without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of Finland or by any municipality 
or other political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. The recipients should declare the taxable 
income on their tax returns.  
Individuals and Estates 
Interest and any similar payments (e.g. interest compensation FI: “jälkimarkkinahyvitys” and index compensation 
FI: “indeksihyvitys”) made to individuals or estates resident in Finland are generally subject to advance 
withholding of income tax.  Payments classified as capital gain for Finnish income tax purposes are not subject to 
advance withholding of income tax.  
The withholding liability should primarily lie with a possible paying agent or other intermediary (such as a 
financial institution) effecting the payment to the holder of Notes and Coupons, if the paying agent or intermediary 
is resident in Finland for tax purposes or the payment is made through a Finnish permanent establishment of a 
non-resident paying agent or intermediary.  When payments are effected through a non-Finnish tax resident paying 
agent or intermediary, no withholding or related liabilities should relate to the payments.

--- Page 153 ---
143 
 
Certain Irish Tax Considerations 
Irish Withholding Tax  
Under Irish tax law there is no obligation on the Issuer to operate any withholding tax on payments of interest on 
the Notes except where the interest has an Irish source and is annual in nature.  The interest could be considered 
to have an Irish source, where, for example, interest is paid out of funds maintained in Ireland or where the Notes 
are secured on Irish situate assets.  The mere offering of the Notes to Irish investors or the listing of the Notes on 
Euronext Dublin will not cause the interest to have an Irish source.  
In certain circumstances, collection agents and other persons receiving interest on the Notes in Ireland on behalf 
of a Noteholder will be obliged to operate a withholding tax.  
Provision of Information  
Noteholders should be aware that where any interest or other payment on Notes is paid to them by or through an 
Irish paying agent or collection agent then the relevant person may be required to supply the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners with details of the payment and certain details relating to the Noteholder.  Where the Noteholder 
is not Irish resident, the details provided to the Irish Revenue Commissioners may, in certain cases, be passed by 
them to the tax authorities of the jurisdiction in which the Noteholder is resident for taxation purposes.

--- Page 154 ---
144 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Citigroup Global Markets Limited, 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE and J.P. Morgan SE (the “Dealers”).  The 
arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, 
Dealers are set out in an Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement dated 14 June 2022 (as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Dealer Agreement”) and made between the Issuer and the 
Dealers.  Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed 
deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase.  The Dealer Agreement makes 
provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of 
additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of 
Notes. The Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their obligations under 
the Dealer Agreement prior to the closing of the issue of the relevant Tranche of Notes, including in the event that 
certain conditions precedent are not delivered or met to their satisfaction on the relevant Issue Date of such Notes. 
In this situation, the issuance of the relevant Tranche of Notes may not be completed and investors will have no 
rights against the Issuer or the relevant Dealers in respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered in these 
circumstances. 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is 
specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal Revenue 
Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, 
(i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of 
the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, as certified to the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer by such Dealer (or, in the 
case of a sale of a Tranche of Notes to or through more than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers as to the Notes 
of such Tranche purchased by or through it, in which case the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer shall notify each such 
Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified) within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution 
compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer or 
sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
European Economic Area 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the EEA.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 155 ---
145 
 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined under Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of the Notes specifies “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) in 
relation thereto to the public in that Member State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in 
that Member State:   
(a) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation; 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; 
and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the UK.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) ; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined under Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 156 ---
146 
 
(b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom, 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom:   
(a) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA; 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes 
to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and the expression “UK 
Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year:   
(i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons:   
(A) whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, where the issue of the Notes would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”).  Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer

--- Page 157 ---
147 
 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, 
Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to 
others for reoffering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and 
any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (the “MAS”).  Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and 
has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as amended or modified from time to time, the “SFA”)) pursuant 
to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any 
other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in the SFA)) the sole business of which is 
to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of 
whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) or securities-based derivative contracts (as defined in Section 
2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust 
shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Any reference to the SFA is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore and a reference to 
any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to that term as modified or amended 
from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may be applicable at the relevant time. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as 
defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 158 ---
148 
 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus, any Drawdown Prospectus or any Final Terms or any 
related offering material, in all cases at its own expense.  Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus, 
any Drawdown Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with 
all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or 
deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus, any Drawdown Prospectus or any Final Terms 
or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) 
in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed “General” above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer.  Any such supplement or 
modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or modification relevant only 
to a particular Tranche of Notes), in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 159 ---
149 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION  
Authorisation 
1. The establishment of the Programme was authorised by resolutions of the Board passed on 25 and 26 October 
2007.  The updating of the Programme was authorised by resolutions of the Board passed on 30 April 2014 
and 26 May 2021. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals 
and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of its obligations under the Notes. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. Other than the matters disclosed under Note 27, Commitments, contingencies and legal matters, of Nokia’s 
audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the twelve months ended 31 December 2022 set out 
on page 181 of Nokia’s 2022 Annual Report, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware) which may 
have, or have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the 
financial position or profitability of Nokia. 
Significant/Material Change 
3. There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of Nokia taken as a 
whole since 31 March 2023 and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or 
prospects of Nokia since 31 December 2022. 
Independent Auditors 
4. The auditors of Nokia are Deloitte Oy, Authorised Public Accountants, with Authorised Public Accountant 
(KHT) Marika Nevalainen as the auditor with principal responsibility who is a member of the Finnish 
Association of Auditors.  Deloitte Oy has audited Nokia’s financial statements, without qualification, in 
accordance with good auditing practice in Finland, for the financial years ended on 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2022.  Deloitte Oy does not have any material interest in Nokia.  
Dealers Transacting with the Issuer 
5. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.  Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make 
markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including 
(but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, 
or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities.  
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) 
and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers.  
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the 
Issuer’s affiliates.  Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies.  
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme.  Any such positions could adversely affect future trading 
prices of Notes issued under the Programme.  The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments. 
Documents on Display 
6. Copies of the following documents may be inspected in physical form during normal business hours at the 
registered offices of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent for 12 months from the date 
of this Base Prospectus and on our website.

--- Page 160 ---
150 
 
Our website is located at https://www.nokia.com (and further debt information can be found at 
https://www.nokia.com/about-us/investors/debt-information/debt-downloads).  We have included our 
website address as an inactive textual reference only.  The contents of the website are not incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus.   
(a) the constitutive documents of the Issuer (with an accurate/direct translation thereof); 
(b) the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, forms of the Temporary Global Notes, the Permanent 
Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Receipts, the Coupons and Talons; 
(c) a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(d) the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between the Issuer and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg of Notes in 
New Global Note form); and 
(e) any future prospectuses, offering circulars, information memoranda and supplements including Final 
Terms (save that a Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom nor offered in the European Economic 
Area or the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder 
must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and 
identity) to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Clearing of the Notes 
7. The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Notes of 
each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other 
clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate 
information. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining price 
8. The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Post-issuance information 
9. The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes.

--- Page 161 ---
151 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Nokia Corporation 
Karakaari 7 
FI-02610 
Espoo, 
Finland  
DEALERS 
 Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm, Taunusanlage 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
FISCAL AGENT 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
IQ EQ Fund Management (Ireland) Limited 
5th Floor, 76 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin Docklands 
Dublin 2, D02 C9D0 
Ireland 
PAYING AGENT, TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law: 
To the Dealers as to English law:  
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom (UK) LLP 
22 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4BQ 
United Kingdom 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
To the Issuer as to Finnish law: 
Roschier, Attorneys Ltd. 
Kasarmikatu 21A 
FI-00130 
Helsinki 
Finland 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
Deloitte Oy 
Salmisaarenaukio 2 
00180 Helsinki 
Finland